Hope you enjoy and see you in the next episode! My Links and stuff: * Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=21298347 * Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/GTWScar * Twitch:   / goodtimeswithscar   * Instagram:   / goodtimeswithscar   *TikTok:   / goodtokswithscar   *Business Inquiries Send to: gtws@pbnj.gg
The PP event...
i’m cruising through all your hermitcraft episodes rn, love it so much. Keep it up and stay healthy 💛
I never expected etho to be anti-po.
Shenanigans are always better than building
15:48 WHY DID HE FLY INTO IT
You did build things!! A stockpile of shops in the impound.  The interactions are always wonderful and I do hope to see more as time goes on!
I'm a popup fan on hermitcraft and am so glad you made the video
jevs dogs killing skizz 🤣
8:44  message to: The Poe Poe here is the evidence needed @GoodTimesWithScar #GoodTimesWithScar @mcskizzleman #mcskizzleman @cubfan135 #cubfan135 @Grian #Grian  Hermitcraft 10 - Ep. 6: IMPORTANT UPDATE! (Minecraft 1.20.4 Let's Play) @iJevin #iJevin 24:00 to 24:22
One of the funniest episodes lmao
51580 Scot View
Cub’s PUP is so cute 😂😂😂
I miss the end with “Scarred for life”
IJEVEN'S  SHOP IS NOT A POP UP SHOP AT ALL. I AGREE WITH HIM.   LOL Scar did you for get  that you have the Light Gray wool shop???  You helped Closed  down your own shop.  & you & Skizz for got to move all the Dogs with the Wool shop. they go with that POP UP SHOP.  & there is 1 POP UP SHOP you did not take down yet.   That shop is the Terracotta shop that You & Bdoubs  own together. Yes it was moved. But you & Bdoubs never rebuilt it. It is Still a Pop Up Shop.   You are braking your own law. LOL LOL LOL  WOW Great job False. She messed it up. still good you got in that trap. WOW the vexes just might be the 1 mob you should not have on your train.   SCAR SCAR DO NOT COME DOWN ON MUMBO AT ALL FOR THAT PIG GETTING KILLED. YOU NEVER MOVES IT AWAY FROM THE DOOR. YOU ARE AT FAULT. FOR IT WALKING IN THE WAY.     SCAR YOU PAY MUMBO 1 MORE DIAMOND BLOCK FOR THAT DOOR. You Lied about not having the Diamonds when you have  7 stacks of 64 diamond blocks + 44 diamond blocks & 6 diamonds. You pay him.
Sees Cub buttcheeks, flies straight into it
"I don't even have a bow," Mumbo said calmly, before pulling out a bow
7:40 scar simpin
viva la pop up purge!  >:)
i would love to see these trees with shaders
Fun fact: no one can drive through those trees anymore because modern cars are too big. But it is a good time to sit out and watch people overestimate themselves before ultimately chickening out XD
How about....The SCARfari Park! :)
Finally some high paste uploads, more interaction episodes please.
totally okay that you didn't build in this episode Scar! I love this content over timelapse stuff :)
"I can't believe she came in with RECEIPTS" Amazing. Incredible. Pearl is a gift that keeps on giving.  And yes, it's very much oklay to have an episode where you don't build anything, there was so much going on already!
Scazoo
No worries, Scar. This was a great episode! So funny! :-)
Why did you remove the permanent iron pile Scar. Why did you do it. It was permanent, beautiful even. Now i will haunt your nightmares.
I'm going  🔄 I'm going  🔄 I'm going  🔄 I'm going  🔄
Comment🫡
Pearl’s message 😂😂
Season 10 scar is season 7 grian 😂
Pearl is the best
Only Scar would still be working on his starter base in episode 22
More relaxed videos even with no building are very fun! Genuinely so great to see ya all hang out and laugh :) u deserve a break too, let the imagination stew and cook something richer
Don't worry Scar, I watch your series for the fun shenanigans. I'm happy to see you having a good time (It's what your channel is all about, after all!) and you don't have to build every episode.
Fun with friends is fine.
What a vexing situation.
Next season you should recreate the stark industries tower and call it “Scark Industries”
The zoo could be called “The Ark” as in Noah’s ark
7:00 went tracking this down when i seen Pearl post part of this clip.
Someone should make an animatic of this scene of Scar getting handed his own words and Pearl coming in.
Name the zoo JellyTon
Starter base??
As a fellow Seattleite, I recommend the zoo be named Woodland Scar Zoo! :3
One of the fun things about Hermit craft is the fact that you never know what an episode brings. like this one filled with crazy interactions. love the episode and love your vids in general you are an artist and you gotta know that
You should call the train station imaginations station
Omfg who made those cubby cheeks😂
Great episode
Scar land zoo
It was non-stop fun!
17:27 “what a menace” 😭💀 (look in the chat)
6:59 legit thought grian made the signs since I haven’t watched his recent videos 😭
bro is will havea heart attack at D23
Scarland zoo would be a good name for the zoo
scartopia based from zootopia for the zoo
the sCar-go Zoo, in reference to the snails
I love you builds, but I mostly (not entirely) watch for the antics, so an episode of all antics is not a bad thing, because I know you'll still get back to your amazing builds.
This was an amazing episode Scar! Even without the building, your episodes are always fun to watch, and it's great to see you having fun with the other Hermits! Thanks for all you do!
24:00  GREE-ON .....     Im having flashbacks
22:52 is so dramatic lmaoooo. Lightning as soon as they sleep.
Zoo name: Scars Magical Menagerie
Fun with friends is always better than building IMO.
I personally like episodes without builds, most of the fun for me comes from the interactions with the hermits. I enjoy the builds as a bonus only
The CHOO CHOO ZOO! Probably already been said. If so, it has my vote!
1:14 THIS IS NOT A STARTER BASE!!!
Scartopia
I like the idea of having scarland having different things that will pop up like Disney land and Disney world so maybe scarland zoo
Loved all the shenanigans in this episode.
Justice for the iron shop it was wrongfully imprisoned!
Sell Jellie Cat plushies please!
Building or not, your episodes are always amazing Scar! ❤
Just a warning, Mumbo potentially has grounds to sue the POE POE and/or permit office for illegally impounding his Permanent Iron Pile as he was never issued a warning that it was considered a pop-up shop -- the only pink slip he received was for being out of stock, which he fixed before the purge date
I think you should name it the Jellie Jubilee Zoo
Name for the zoo. Hermitville Sanctuary, named after Healesville Sanctuary, the best zoo in the state of Victoria.
I think a good name could be the scazoo
name of zoo: scarfari
“What are those buttcheecks!” Flys face first into them.
Is anyone else glad that they don’t see the DLJ Mario guy or whatever his name is because every video I watch he’s there
Scarlander is a great name for the zoo. As in the movie Zoolander
Invisibility potions: exist Scar: 18:24
I got a Scar zoo 4 U, what burning tree next episode better look at the fire restrictions
Name idea "Scar-land presents The Animal Traindom"
Loving all your latest updates Scar.
The Scar-vannah zoo Like savanna
You need to fix that portal so it fits all the items on the train through it as well.
as long as you're having fun, we're having fun. You don't have to build✨💚✨
the Choo Choo Zoo
Dude of course it’s okay if you don’t build anything in an episode!! Love your videos no matter what you do!!
You should call it The ChooChoo Zoo!
I actually really liked the glass collective :( it had a lot of nice character
Just got my scarland book, and I love it! The quality is so good. It came with the cutest stickers ❤
It could be Zootopia
SCARzoo Valley
6:56 police brutality was not on my hermitcraft bingo card but here we are
Scarworld
I think that The Scar Afar would be a fun name for a zoo with such exotic creatures
Loved the interactions with the other Hermits. Not every episode has to have builds - watching you hang out with your friends in the world you've all build together is so much fun for us. I am absolutely all for seeing more of it, especially if that gives you a chance to take things at your own pace when building rather than feeling forced to push out more just to have a build in every episode.
zoo name "good times with zoo"
no problem about not building anything - the purge interactions were so funny, especially pearl chiming in from the peanut gallery and jevin having his dogs appear from no where. the black market was soo silly too lol and no one could ever dislike mumbo, his teasing is so funny
Yup great episode! Doesn't always have to be building. :)
Wow loved how Bdubs & Scars shop was overlooked! Popo injustice
Aw Scar, we're happy to see whatever you come up with! No need to constantly be building ❤
Scar I just wanted you to know that midway through this video I dropped an entire can of spaghetti-os on my carpet and had to stop to clean it up.
It would be fun if you built "hyperion" its a giant red wood tree, the tallest in the world. I know you are capable of doing it if you want, i think it would be fun. Like ore mountain, something huge that impresses the other hermits, even more than your train!
For the train, perhaps The Wildlife Express
I think Scar should put a statue of Jelly somewhere in the zoo to honour her. After all she's still in our hearts. R.I.P Jelly o7
Zoo name scares zooming zoo. Zoo cuz the train
Scar Tishzoo
How about the jellie train?
Somehow the train/landscape/trees _aren't_ the megabase.  As usual.
😂 Figured you would conside mumbo Jumbo's iron pile as a pop-up store that it made him start freaking out in his video and that it was hilarious so much that I had to watch this video to find out if you having power over the shopping district made you mad with power, I was right you had too much power 😂. Also I have to disagree with you and skizzman for saying that wolves of Wool Street is considered a pop-up store, 😂 put it back scar not everything needs to have walls and roof as a full building to be considered a store. From mumbo Jumbo's point of view it was pretty funny watching you guys try to get as you say the magic hands guy away from his base. I have to laugh never give you power 🤣🤣🤣 over the shopping district with a badge and TNT it could be a big mistake and a disaster.  I'm also going to say the same thing to skizzman for taking wolves of Wool Street out of the shopping district and putting it in the impound lot because you guys thought it was a pop-up shop when it wasn't. I don't know if this is a proper and appropriate name but I think it should be call jelly zoo 🤷😢 just a thought man because you called your last place scarland in previous season.
Scar, it is more than okay that this episode doesn't have any building in it. All the building you've done has been STUNNING, but also I think back to you saying you'll be taking it easier this season and not overworking yourself and hope that it's still the case. Episodes like this where it's just some fun shenanigans with friends are great! They're fun, they add longevity and variety, and they hopefully help with balancing making content with anything else you want to do! Needing a break or to take it slower for a time (or even all the time) doesn't mean you have to "balance it out" with overworking yourself during times when you physically/mentally can. Your videos are great, and so are you, and I hope you're taking care of yourself!
Very enjoyable episode!
Mumbo "I don't even have a bow" - immediately pulls out a bow 👀 kinda feel like Scar's axe kill was deserved even if it wasn't intentional 😂
"Scar's Good Times Zoo" just seems perfect to me 🤷‍♂
No way mumbo still has the waffle hair
the zoo could be called scarzed zoo
You could call the zoo "Jellie's Jungle"
Scar. We are here to enjoy the building, shenanigans, mini-games, and scar deaths. It's refreshing to have a mix of videos instead of all one type. This episode was a BLAST! Super loved it buddy
SCAR SCAR NAME FOR ZOO IDEA: The Star Croft Zoo
Ijevin should be removed from hermit craft! He’s acting like this was one of those horrible pvp servers he MIs be removed! Muhahahahah
Maybe “Scarzia Hermitopia National Zoo” is a good name, or just “Scarzia” idk, hope you like it tho! (hehe that rhymed)
Scar, I LOVE your builds, but I watch you and all the Hermits for the interactions with each other. The shenanigans this server comes up with is the highlight of my day. Never feel guilty about what you upload. You're wonderful! Love you all!
Interaktion in Hermitcraft is an Essential Part of it. So dort worry about that. I love you guys, no matter what you do.💙
Oh come on Scar, half the fun I get from your videos is watching you have fun with the hermits.
I loved the hermits interactions so much! It’s a nice reminder that Hermitcraft is a server full of friends who occasionally build sometimes. Great episode!
Call the Zoo Scars Fantastical Beasts ❤
The scarland book finally arrived and it is amazing!!!!
Zoo called 'Scartopia' perhaps?
My Scarland Book came yesterday, love it!! Was not expecting so much art - this book will be so much fun to go through. Thanks for everything. 🤗🥰
Great episode!
Possible zoo name could be Scartopia
"That was so funny" ~That was hella funny LOL....
Yo should call the zoo scarlandia❤❤❤
YES IT'S FINE IF YOU DIDN'T BUILD lol
Ooo Jevin used the trick I've always wanted to see someone use in the Life series - triggering a ton of teleporting dogs. Especially on fire!
Potential name (idk if it’s been suggested, but I don’t see it in comments I’ve seen):   Scar’s Magnificent Magical Menagerie
i love episodes like this! You do not need to build something in every episode, I enjoy your interactions with the others on the server.
Scar! This episode was a joy! We love YOU, so all the socializing with the hermits was awesome. It’s actually my favorite type of content!
The Jelly world zoo, I like the idea of tying in your theme park
Scar topia
Scazoo!
Interactions with other Hermits are absolute gold!
Scar-borough Fair Zoo?
14:18 “I’ll tell you what, Sir Scar, its pretty fitting that it’s raining down cuz you and I brought the thunder today!” Nice quote.
For the zoo, i think it should be Scartopia. Like zootopia, but scar
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays in the background from 16:00 until 20:00?
This was a fantastic episode. I love watching all the hermits just chill and vibe with each other. Yall look like you are having so much fun.
SCAR!! I GOT MY ARTBOOK TODAY AND IT CAME WITH STICKERS!! i love this thing sm
mumbo's iron shouldnt have been taken. just sayin. if grian working on his got to keep prismarine, then mumbo should have kept iron.
Such a great choice to bring skizz to the server ❤
25:59 Scar's worried about not building or creating something new in his base because he's interacting with other Hermits, when in reality, he's creating memories with others for them, us, and himself, to enjoy😊
The name should be Scarland Zoo obviously  :)
the way jev just pulled up on them 😂
Who's gonna control the Poe Poe? Look... we have Grian who doesn't finish the backsides of builds and Scar who doesn't place torches.... But worst of all, the Poe Poe headoffice didn't have an interior at the 2nd of august. That's unexceptable! :P ;)
11:47 -- Skizz has been having a couple of control issues since 1.21 and people have been explaining to him repeatedly on his stream that it is caused by one of his mods... but he's just ignoring it. He really thinks Minecraft 1.21 patched out shift clicking in inventories and in the world...
I think it should be called the Scarland Zoo, to tie it in with last season's lore.   If you want to give it a fun acronym, you could call it ZooPS, the Zoological Park of Scarland!
You didnt take mumbo’s shop lol only his stock
the way his voice gets so sinister when he talks about "the zoo" is hilarious
Interactions are my favourite part
when Scar said it's his STARTER base i paused for a second , like wdym sir?
Sca-zoo :p
I can't tell how much of satirical stuff you do with Skizz as the Poe Poe is intentional, but it is hilarious!
AW SHOO DANGIT
Mambo sounds like he’s going crazy 😭
i love the interaction content really shows another side of hermit craft
episode 22.... finishing the STARTER BASE.... when does a starter base become a mega base?
It was a perfectly fun episode even without building. I also have no doubt you’ll make up for it soon enough 😊
the hipocracy is crazy because yall let grian make a bigger shop but you stole mumbos even though mumbos new iron shop was arguably more complete
By 'impounded' you mean stolen from their rightful owners by the servers biggest griefers
Name Idea: Readwood Wildlife Revival & Sanctuary  The RwR
I LOVED seeing all the interactions with Hermits! It’s totally okay that you didn’t get some building in this episode. It was so fun!
1:48 Why’d I think of Zoo-choo?😂
Love u scar! Fun with friends is great!
THE ZOO HAS TO BE CALLED SCARFARI, i didnt come out with the name but i saw it being mentioned and i agree that is perfect
well hello there
to be fair, scar shot jevin first, so he had all rights to defend himself lol
This must be the feeling of getting high on ketamine and meth. This had me wondering that if I had dumped my body in the flowing currents of the river below me no one would ever come and save to resuscitate me back from the dead. It's one of those intimate moments where I would feel most likely to be alive than dead in these unbelievable and unfavorable kind of circumstances.
As the zoo will be a collection of all mobs call it The ScArk.
I prefer the episodses of shenanigans than the building episodes, to be honest
The choo-choo zoo. 😂
Scar Land's Animal Kingdom
Scizoo sounds lovely
Lovely episode Scar, no need to do big builds every episode <3
Fun > Building anyday!
Episode 22:  "For the entrance to our starter base..."
Noahs ark for the zoo name? 2 of every mob!
You should call your base the Whimsical Wonders Zoo! Very fitting given the theme so far
Came to hermitcraft for the builds. Stayed for the friendships and interactions 🥰 don't push yourself scar, we are looking forward to the next build and it's a Reason for people to subscribe if they haven't already ❤
How about... "The Scar Reservoir of Magical Minecraft Monsters"
You know what would be a really cool story line if someone sues the hermit office. That would be cool
HermitCraft Crew Zoo
it's completely okay to not do any building in an episode!! you do you and what you enjoy, i love watching the shenanigans with the hermits ❤
Name the zoo Scazoo
i like the ''scar hanging out with friends'' episodes
I can't wait for the Scarfari to get started ❤  the starter base looks amazing
You can name the zoo Kazoo like the instrument, and you have a kazoo you play each time someone enters
I know it was a third party thing but curious if there's any update on the scarland art book that we ordered back in April and it still hasn't released/delivered
If you're having a ton of fun with friends then we're also having a ton of fun with friends
I have a name for your zoo Scar Topia 🐨
I always enjoy your video’s Scar keep building and creating😊
14:19 Scar this is where you should've said "Do you mean I did the work?"
The Zoogal Toot Train  that should be the name
I like how this event was in mumbos previous ep, but mumbo sidnt know about the popup shop removal lmfao
You should name it the Chugga Chugga Choo Zoo
Maybe you could call the zoo something like "Zoo'd Times With Scar"
Zoo name: The Scarred Zoo.
Scar.... You did create. You created an excellent episode that advanced multiple stories and even ended up creating a number on the fly. Don't ever forget that a large part of what has made your channel so amazing in the modern day is not just the builds but the stories behind them. Stories that were present all throughout this episode.
Scar you can put a leash on that Magic Hands Man and take him with you along with the boat. This is possible because of the new update
Scar please never feel bad about not doing building in an episode. We all love you and watch your videos because of you (and how awesome your building and landscaping - but mainly because of you). Anything you do puts a smile on my (and our) faces - that is 26m 30s of making someone smiling halfway around the world. I completely understand that many of us enjoy seeing you bring out your creativity into a build and you are known as "the most amazing awesome builder who just makes everything look so pretty my gosh I wish I was this good at building and landscaping things" so you can also end up placing pressure on yourself to live up to that and do a build every episode.  However, I'd also like to say that this episode is so much fun! Your happiness and chaotic energy always makes me laugh and you had so many interactions - and chaotic interactions - with the hermits this episode that I finished the video before even realizing I was near the end. You are just that entertaining that you don't need to build to make amazing videos, you just being you does that - and that is what we all appreciate about you.  Thank you for giving us all the positive vibes :)
got flashbacks from scar calling grian "greeon" from samgladiator.
"GoodTimes Zoo" " The Times Zoo" "Wonderful ScarZoo "
I can't believe you guys stole Mumbo's Iron pile! That wasn't even a shop anymore, that was just a part of the man's stock and decoration! That's like taking all of the windows out of a random shop just because they happened to sell glass. I mean I understand the confusion, it did resemble a lot of Etho's pop-up stone shops, but it was clearly labeled as just a pile and not an actual shop. The Poe-Poe be unjustly stealing this sad chap's store stock b/c of a misunderstanding! I hope this gets resolved cleanly and not have to be taken to court to get it sorted. lol
Welcome to.. Hermiassic park!
Naming it "the zoo" is appropriate already Scar.
I think the zoo should be called "good times at the zoo"
22:50 when mumbo sleep and lightning follow up
It's okay if you don't build anything! We're here to see videos with you in them, if it's just funny chaos with friends then that's awesome if it's a bunch of building, also awesome So don't worry bout it, a video by you will always be awesome and fun to watch
"The Everywhere Zoo," Nice and simple for a mobile zoo!
Thank you for the videos you record edit and post to us, they have always brought joy, suspence, entertainment.  You have a good time watching your videos Scar.  I hope and pray that you will be able to overcome great opticals that will bring joy into your life.  You are the top youtuber I watch.  I know there are people out there that agre that you have given us goodtimes with with you Scar, we know there will be a time that you will stop making videos.  But that will not change the how we feel because someone brought us joy.  There are people around you scar, family friends and those hermits that are good friends who all care about you as a person.  Thanks for everything good you have given us.  o7
Very fun episode! =D
Scar, at the trees of mystery area they have a little area where they have the haunted shack and stuff, it would be so cool, it’s all plays on angles and perspective and makes it look like water is going up hill and a whole bunch of stuff
Scar, at the trees of mystery area they have a little area where they have the haunted shack and stuff, it would be so cool, it’s all plays on angles and perspective and makes it look like water is going up hill and a whole bunch of stuff
I love visiting the redwoods so much! So exciting you are doing a drive thru one!
Scar we come because you beeing you the buildings are definetally really amazing too but and maybe some peeps come because of them but i didn't even notice you didn't make a build this episode till you said it and its absolutaly okay and aktually nice so just relax and we enjoy scar and keep beeing you and have fun thats why we come
I just got my scarland book!!!!!
Scar’s landscaping skills are from another world
personally i love all of the friendly interactions !!! it doesn't always have to be all work and no play; it's nice to just kick back and watch the shenanigans unfold. love the video, scar ❤️
Pearl coming in with the receipts is everythinggg
Calling it the P.P Event when Pop-Up Purge could be abreviated to PUP is wild
Scarfari Park <3
My son suggested Redwood Zoo as the name for the soon to be built zoo
Starter base. Scar.  You need a talk on starter bases. Lol.     Great episode
Sounds like you had fun with friends, and you shared that with us.  Please never feel bad about that, it's great that you had fun!
you don't need to build every episode 😭 i loved this
I like having a ton of fun with friends!
I nearly spit out my food when Scar said ‘the great PP event’!
Scar is entertaining enough that he can do anything in an episode and I'll still happily watch. 😄
25:38 It is perfectly fine that you didn't do any building, Scar. Your fun interactions with the other hermits more than made up for it.
hey Scar with the armour stand mod you can make a massive fish hanging off the side of the your train [like in GeniniTay's new video]
how about Minecraft National Park Zoo.
I am exited for those extra trees. They’re frickin’ gorgeous.
you should name the zoo the ka-zoo  (kazoo)!
Scar vids are the best part of my day
A non-building episode is always okay because it is a SCAR episode!  I would sit and watch you talk with hermits all day or just fly around fighting vexes.  Don't always have to build something to please us. <3
Train + Menagerie = Trainagerie
LOVED this episode
Mumbos Iron shop wasnt a pop up shop though.
17:18 Last Life flashbacks
The episode was amazing and so much fun, please don't stress over building! The grind can stop sometimes <3
I'm sure you have a design for the zoo already, but it would be amazing if you built it as if it was under the same ownership/banner as the owners of Scarland so you could theme them together and make it almost like they are two parks located near each other in the real world.
Hey Scar! I know the popular opinion is Scarfari, and honestly, I think it's a super fun name and if you choose it, I'd love it! However, I feel like you can make it better and more fun and more... Scar! So I came up with this because I felt like it represented you and your personality and fantasy/Disney aspect really well. 🤩  Zoo name: The Wonderfully Whimsical World of Scarvengardi!   I'm just saying, I'd go there in a heartbeat. Feel free to charge Scarvengardi to whatever you like! I really like the first part though. 👀
Zoo name: The Wonderfully Whimsical World of Scarvengardi!   I'm just saying, I'd go there in a heartbeat. Feel free to charge Scarvengardi to whatever you like! I really like the first part though. 👀
It’s ok if you didn’t build anything scar! And you did, you helped to move the pop up shops!!
26:08 loved it
Zoo name Idea! "Scar's Safari Sanctuary"
Scar you should never feel bad about not getting a video out fast enough or not building in an episode, just watching I having fun in an episode is enough don't get stressed over it
Safscari?
Zoo time with scar?  Scary animals? Scar's scarce/secret/scary/sacred sanctuary/zoo?  Good animals with scars? 😅 The Hermitcrabs home/house  eSCARgo's shellter?  Scars sneaky snails..
hey scar! at the end of this season you guys should put on the distant horizons mod to show off the world. i think it’d be cool
Please keep buying out Mumbo's shop and then Citing him for being sold out.
Your interactions with friends are my favorite parts of your episodes.
We watch Iskall85 - he never builds, only trolls the entire season. So a non-building episode from you is totally fine! It was a fun one.
Pepepopo zoo
22:50 So is NOBODY going to talk about that perfectly timed thunder strike? XD
mumbo vs scar neighbour wars
Yall made mumbo jumbo mad for talking his iron shop down I just watched his video 😂
22:53 Mumbo slept with power
How about “Zoowu” 😂
Every single time I forget that the train is his starter base it is so massive
I watched this video to help me calm down and prepare myself for getting my biweekly self-injection shot for medicine stuff. I have a fear of needles and I guess I just wanna say thanks for helping me get through it :)
You should name the zoo “Scar’s Magical Menagerie”
I think a fun name for the zoo could be "Scar's Spectacular Zoo of Special Species"
The Scazoo.
name it Scarlabees Zoo
Loved this episode!
I was wondering when someone would vandalize the cub billboard lol.
I'm 95% sure that we have lost iskall and stress to vault hunters
There should be a police auction for the popups and they're stock
I finally got my Scarland book today in the post (I live in England). It looks amazing, thank you to Scar and all the artists and creators who made this book a reality, it's truly wonderful to see the community come together like this to create something so beautiful and for such a good cause. Now I just have to wait until my birthday...😓
YOU PUT THAT BONE BUS BACK
SUCH A FUN EPISODE A🎉🎉🎉🎉
You should have everyone on the server to play scootball
Omg you should totally add mushrooms to the trees!
Scarhattan Zoo
I think Pearl’s truck should be a matter brought to Cub. The recording in question was stated under the previous management and thus any receipts are invalid.
You just hanging out with your fellow hermits is my favourite kind of content, don’t feel pressured to always build the next big project :)
Fun episode 👍💕
Three name ideas for the zoo: Choo Zoo/Zoo Choo Choo Choo Zoo/Choo Choo Zoo Zoo Sun Zoo.
Maybe an idea for the name or the zoo could be ‘Jelly Memorial Park’ and make all the workers armor stand people with jelly cat heads
I still think the zoo should have a Jelley related name in honor of her 😅🥹. Maybe something like Jelley Friends
You having fun means We having fun, Scar <3
I spent the entirety of this episode laughing and having a good time, so yes, I think it’s okay you didn’t get around to building anything. Fantastic episode Scar, I look forward to more shopping district shenanigans and big trees in the future!
Scarrasic Park for the name of the zoo
Maybe do a good ol classic fallen redwood tree as a bridge
Personally I watch hermitcraft to see you all having fun and less for the cool builds. Those are the cherry on top but not the main
This man calling it a starter base always throws me through a loop 😭🤣
I have a name suggestion for your zoo… The Hermit Express Zoo, or T.H.E. Zoo for short   The Hermit Express Zoo, because of your train
The transition from the butt cheeks into his base lol
scartrapoles or scartopial like zootopia
Great video scar
Circus name to go with the burnt trees "Good Time Under the Scar Top"
Don't worry Scar, we love the building of trees and trains, but we also love the building of stories, fun and friendships <3
chill ep. fun with friends. yo
That deathloop with mumbo was epic
What about calling it, Good Times Animal Sanctuary and Zoo
"well it sure is fit that its raining cause look around we just found the thunder today" from skizz is such good improv
What about calling the zoo “Scar’s Lookaloo Zoo”
the monotone "no more popo down with the permits" was amazing
You guys are so funny so much fun with other hermits
this was one of my favorite episodes so far this season !!! hilarious
pearl coming with receipts made me laugh SO HARD. she was prepared
Zoo Names: Wildlife Scarfari Hermitcrafts Wild Kingdom Scars Zooniverse
The pp event was worth the wait
That is why you don't use swords to kill 1 mob in a boat with 2 mobs, the sweep. Axes are the precision weapon.
THE WOOL SHOP IS NOT A POP-UP. PUT IT BACK
Scar don’t sleep lol
the pop up purge landed on my 20th birthday!
The zoo could be called the "Scoo"
Hermitcraft ?
For an idea of a zoo name: CHUGAZOO ZOO
it’s absolutely ok that you don’t build every episode it’s nice to have the break just have some fun :)
1) Scarastic Zoo 2) Good Times at the Zoo 3) The Good Scarastic Zoo
19:15 19:15 19:16 19:16 19:16 19:17 19:17 19:17 19:17
silly zoo name idea: scazoo
These are my favorite type of episodes!
18:00 MUMBO HAS A WAFFLE?!?!?!?!?
I honestly like seeing you interact with others hermits ngl its not a bother at all
I got a name "scarland zoo division"
"it took a couple hours to build this" Ijevin said, with scar right next to him
Hi scar love your videos! I have an idea for the zoo name - The Scartacular Zoo !!
"God, there's a song somewhere in what you just said. Love it!" 😂😂
How does Scar come up with something so inappropriate and doesn't even realize? :D
I need it to be the ScarLand Zoo orrrr Jellie’s Zoo.
the Scarthia Zoo
Loved all the fun with friends! :D
Call magic hands man “Mr. hands”
SCARFARI
now you have have to do a food truck purge just for pearl
it shall be called :no more mountain zoo
Fun episode! 😁 The trees are epic 💕
Enjoy the fun interactions; building can be in every other or third episode   Sir Scar’s choice
choochoozoo!
Honestly, it it weren't for the permits and hermits being forced to build shops early, they would be built properly. So saying the permit enforcement is making them build something pretty is invalid.
Scar: “I need an arrow I need an arrow” Mumbo:”I DON’T EVEN HAVE A BOW”  Mumbo while saying that: pulls out bow and fires an arrow*
skizz sounded so much like bdubs when he said ‘shut up’ and flew away XD
20:24 scar you can now put leash on a boat
The Hermitcraft Zoological Scardens?
Mumbo should feel honoured. It's not every day that one gets to participate in first hand in a patented Scar Death Loop.
Moving all those shops is a lot of work. You don't need to do everything all the time, you did good
the flying attack lol
For the zoo, how about Jelliestone Park?
Rambling Rails Rescue! You can even have cart lead tours!
Id name the zoo 'Ka-zoo'
Bro, every little piece of content from you? I love it. Interactions, building, gathering, minigames, different servers, etc. So don't you worry about it being okay that you didn't build anything, you are building this community with everything you do. The trees can wait<3 Ps: Those redwoods are gorgeous!
The Ka-Zoo would be a cool name for the Zoo.
I still loved this episode even if you didn't get to building. So many fun shinanigins.
Name it kalamazoo
scazoo (zoo name)
We love your shenanigans, Scar! Build at your own pace don't worry about it ❤
Tsukuro zoo
Scar building is just one part of what makes your content so entertaining. If you couldnt fit building in because your episode was too full of interactions with other hermits thats totally fine in my book! I love watching hermits get together, it has literally never been anything less than entertaining 😂
The Scarland Mob Kingdom perhaps?
The rebellion begins
General WithScar.
18:58 he was in fact not going
Very fun episode!!!
I have an excellent name for the zoo; The Scoo
most starter bases: dirt hut. scar's starter base: larger project than most people ever built in their life
The Scarfari?
7:02 please sir Scar Pearl truck is not pop ups shop please do not took it down I'm begging you please
Instead of Zootopia you should name it Hermittopia
you keep saying there are godrays in the redwood trees, but i honestly don't see them. i wonder if white and yellow glass panes could look like actual god rays or if that would be too much.
This video is gold😂😂
Great!  😊
22:53 "whereas YOU!!" *Dramatic lighning strike
Scar, the magic hand man can't spawn vexes if there are already eight or more vexes within sixteen blocks of the magic hand man, if you trap four boatloads of vexes within range of the tower, you should be able to exhibit the magic hand man without issue  In theory
scar i literally didn’t even notice you didn’t build anything this episode was SO FUN
seeing him not pick up his elytra when it is right there is painful
I want to know how much of everything there was on Ore Mountain!!
you gotta call it the "Scarfari Zoo"
Scar! You haven’t being saying “BEcause you may, JUST become, SCAARRRRRRREEEDDDDDDD for life.
It’s 100% okay that you didn’t get to building.  I love your builds and look forward to them but this episode was so much fun.  I equally love the interactions between you and your server buddies.  It’s very entertaining and now I can look forward to you building more awesome, beautiful trees in the next episode.  Keep being you, you are awesome. Oh and a zoo name, Scartopia
Should still get rid of the stupid malicious compliance portal Grian doesn't deserve the issues it regularly causes him.
scar cant help but say such horn worthy phrases
Quite honestly, fun with friends is why I watch in the first place. 😊
hermit interactions r some of the Most entertaining things to watch
the trees get even more gorgeous with time! and don't worry about having to build in every episode, you don't have to force yourself!
Almost 2 minutes in, and someone's gonna put that moment in their out of context compilation video 😂😂
"it happened to grion" 🤣😂😂
Basename: Zootimeswithscar
Game name ??
Just happy to see you all having fun. When you just walked in and ruined the prank was hilarious such a perfect Scar moment!
The zoo is next to a fast moving train, it should be called the Zoo-m
Scarzoology would be great for the name of the zoo
Mumbo looked like he's ranting about his resources compared to Scar's to the therapist when he laid down 😂
"We saved Mumbo and his storage system" SCAR! You saved him from yourself!!!!!
Pearl with the audio. Impressed. Haha
Any Scar video is an awesome video, can't wait for the next one!
A simple but affective name could be Scar Tycoon, like Zoo Tycoon but Scar-ified 😄
Excuse me, starter base!!!!!
My suggestion for Zoo name is Chugga Chugga Zoo Zoo.
I love it when you build, but I also love it when you mess around with your friends. This was great. Loved every minute of it 😊
Name idea for your zoo: The Scarfari Express Animal Park
Zootopia Or ScarTopia Big Zoo Name
22:54, That timing is unintentionally perfect. 25:49, Even if not what's planned, there's no harm in taking a break.
Interactions are so much fun! Dun worry!
.
Another cool episode scar. Here are some zoo name suggestions- Scarpets, Minecraft mob menagerie, HermitCraft Horde of animals. Animal Assembly of Scar. Honestly, it was great to see an episode full of collaborations.  Check the initials ;-) Keep up the great content ❤️
Mumbo Jumbo Zoo
Name for zoo : Nyamuk Zoo
what do you think of the name for the Zoo Scartopia
Love those redwood trees! Remember, moss is a huge part of a forest's ecosystem. Putting it around the roots of your trees will not only make it even cooler and more accurate, it will stop your mob farms.
This was a super fun episode, and  it is completely okay that you didn't build Scar!! I personally love the way you react and interact with other hermits more than anything. So please don't feel any stress that you didn't build anything amazing this episode, just be you! :D
Destroying Mumbo’s prestigious iron shop was a absolute crime
Scarwood Zoo. Will especially fit with the dead lightning struck trees!
Zoolander, a (Center) or zoo for animals who can't read good! Or fit into societal mainstreams and would love to just belong and be a part of something that makes them feel good about themselves! Everyone should and can be loved in some capacity! ❤ U Scar! Zoo-ification initiate!
Scar, buddy... Don't worry about whether you're building something in every episode. We're here for you and your personality and your interactions with your servermates. We want to see the story unfold, whether that's through placing blocks or through conversations, or whatever. We want you to have a good time, however that comes about. We know you enjoy building and we appreciate that, but never feel bad on our behalf that you didn't build something. If you want to feel bad for yourself because you miss building something, that's on you. We're here for you regardless. Seeing you smile is what makes us smile.
Sir scar. This is not a starter base 😂
name sugestion for the zoo. in the honur of jelly, how about Jelly's kingdom?
I'm sorry, Scar, that is NOT a starter base, it's megabase number 1!
I think a good name for your Zoo could be Skazoo or Scazoo. I think it's short, punctual, and catchy.
collab is better then build
SCAR!! it is totally okay that there was no building this episode we appreciate social interactions and good times with hermits just as much as videos with building :) good times come in many forms and this is definitely one of them :D
Scar is neglecting fire fighting infrastructure. Someone should burn a redwood. 🤷‍♀️
Hey Scar, don’t feel pressured about building. It’s alright if you get nothing done in the episode. Heck you could just sit there and talk and I’d listen. I love the interactions with all the other Hermits just as much as I love watching you build. Besides, you’re probably going to make it up in the next episode. So it’s no big. Please don’t stress yourself over this. You’re doing great buddy. ❤❤❤❤
You created a good time… as per your name
I think it has been suggested before, but a little play on words of Zootopia would be Scartopia. Hope you like it!
I thought the pop up ban was 8/2 not 2/8 this is happening too early 6 more months
How about Scoo? (Scar + Zoo)
We need justice for the wool shops
19:45 Did that Vex have an Enchanted sword?
17:14 "I don't even have a bow!" Mumbo said whilst aiming a bow
You could call the Zoo , ScarTopia Zoo
1:54 The Great PP event 💀💀💀
I love the building projects, they’re amazing, but I love the interactions even more. ❤ It doesn’t bother me if building doesn’t take place in every episode.
Red stone man “ whereas you”  CACHOW  And he’s in the bed
Great video as always Scar! This episode had me laughing after a rough day at work. Thank you!
Safari  Caravan Animal Reserve - or SCAR for short... (or Scarfari Caravan Animal Reserve)
You better have picked up all of those shulkers
Loved the episode of fun with your friends! Really don’t mind you not building :) if you’re having fun, we’re having fun 😊
Scar is building? yay! Scar is not building? yay! we don't care what you are doing, we just like watching you do it
9:03 Technoblades dogs of war flashbacks
Scars sequoia safari would be a neat zoo name
Scarland's Jelly Jungle
Scar you should call it the Red Wood Animal Zoo
It's good ^^
LOLLL PEARL CHIMING IN FROM AFAR IS SO FUNNY
I think you should name the Zoo ----------- Scar's Zoo Land
Considering I stayed and watched the whole video I think you safe in no having built something this episode and you dont have to ever episode for it to be entertaining
"Because you may just become SCARRRRRED for life ⛏️"
jevin: "It's war" grian: *materializes*
Scar refering to football as soccer hurt more than I expected. Cheers from Brazil!
There’s a zoo in Australia (where I’m from) called taronga zoo but u could can it treeonga zoo as a pun for the redwood trees
<3
The most easiest to kill Hermit.. Didn't die. That's a new one.
how about redwood zoo?
Choo-choo zoo!
Please call the zoo "Scar's Superb Zoo" please  I beg you
Name the zoo "The Scarland Zoo"!
You should dedicate a big tree to TFC.  Was about a year ago he passed.
❤😂
Jellie's wild kingdom
Cubs cake is a double Cupcakes on that billboard
Loved all the interactions!
😢kirikou
Scars "starter base" is bigger than any mega base I have ever made...
My favorite Hermit is Scar, but my extremely close second favorite Hermit is Etho. I wasn’t holding out much hope that the man had upsized all his (barely there but better than nothing) pop-up shops, but an irrational part of me hoped he had done SOMETHING.  Will the Permit Office be issuing citations, taking people to court, and/or throwing people in jail?
For the name, how about Scarland Zoo? It kinda sticks with the Scarland theme from last season as like a zoo branch/attraction as it's own place, and with the portal it can look like the train can travel from season to season, especially since the train base are from the Swaggon, implying that the other scar companies such as Swaggon and Scarland either exist in this Hermitcraft universe or that the train can go from season to season.
You built something, Scar.  Chaos...  Fun entertaining chaos.
Don’t worry about building anything! These kind of videos are some of the funniest 🤣
Good time with scar and fun time with friends
9:52 Pearl just chiming in from the background is straight out of a TV show.
20:42 😂
As much as "The Scarfari" is a great name for the zoo....in my mind it's the Scoo
Scars Sanctuary
Help us! Your verbal support can save lives! I, on behalf of the students of Bangladesh, am requesting you to help us in this crisis moment. We, students of Bangladesh, a small country in Asia are being killed, abducted, tortured by armed forces deployed by the illegitimate dictatorial government who has been ruling for 16 years. It's a burning issue right now. BBC, Al-Zazeera, DW and even UN are investigating this matter. The students protested against an unpopular discriminative quota system which goes into the govt's favour and the govt answered with live bullets each time. 200 deaths been officially claimed. Still the govt is continuing its killing spree, abduction and torture over the peaceful protestants. Please help us.
The zoo could be called "the Scarland Menagerie"   The definition of menagerie is: "a collection of wild animals kept in captivity for exhibition".
The Scarland Mob Sanctuary is equivalent to Disney World's Animal Kingdom. The community could make a Volume 2 art book about it.
Scarsonian National Zoological Park, Hermitland DC (Smithsonian National Zoological Park, Washington DC)
Loved the episode scar! So much fun! Building was not needed 💚
What about The ZIO - there’s a 10 in the name, and be said “zee-ooo” which sounds fun
The way Grian is down for a war, no questions asked other than “where?” is very on-brand
zoo:  The Magic Mountain Animal Sanctuary
Anybody else: surely impounding shops cannot be legal? Scar and Skizz: it is, but it's necessary.
You been hitting the magic hands man since the beginning with your sword 💀 you hit him 10 times.
You don't have to build and create in every episode. I truly enjoy your interactions with the other hermits. You do you Scar 😊
Call it "The ZooZoo!"
0:28 proceeds to do exactly not that and still has an amazing episode full of laughs
Zoo names...  ScaZoo (sounds kindof like "kazoo") Scarland Animal Kingdom Good Time Zoo Magic Mountain Menagerie
Gotta name it Critter Kingdom
silly zoo name: Chuchuga(sp) Zoo? (choo-choo-kazoo) idk. Train noises. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You don't have to apologize for not building stuff. Your interactions are plenty hilarious enough as is. xD
"Storm Warning" Intro: (Dark, ominous beat with thunder and rain sound effects)  Verse 1: Yo, we comin' through the city, like a hurricane Swizz and Scar, the dynamic duo, insane Pop-up shops, you think you fly and sweet But we the storm, comin' to shut down the street  We bring the thunder, the lightning, the might Watch your product disappear from sight No more hype, no more fake, no more bluff We're here to clean house, straight outta the rough  Chorus: Storm warning, we're on the rise Shuttin' down pop-ups, no compromise We're the tornado, the hurricane's eye Watch us dominate, watch the world cry  Verse 2: We're the architects of chaos, the masters of trend We redefine the game, till the very end Luxury redefined, that's our mission Leave 'em shook, in total submission  We're the disruptors, the game-changers, the kings Pop-up shops, tremble when our presence rings We're the future, the now, the everything So step aside, let the real bosses swing  Chorus: Storm warning, we're on the rise Shuttin' down pop-ups, no compromise We're the tornado, the hurricane's eye Watch us dominate, watch the world cry  Bridge: We're bringin' the heat, the fire, the passion Elevate the game, raise the standard, fashion No more imitators, no more cheap thrills We're the real deal, pay your respects, fulfill  Chorus: Storm warning, we're on the rise Shuttin' down pop-ups, no compromise We're the tornado, the hurricane's eye Watch us dominate, watch the world cry
Great episode! I love the interactions just as much as the building!
This was fun Scar 😊 We enjoyed.
Totally okay you didn't build something :) seeing you guys hang out is what I come for!
The 'Scars-Burrow Zoo'
The Poe Poe should still allow sales of items at the impounded shops but all the profit goes to the Permit office/Poe Poe!
having a video without any building is fine Scar, we stay for more than just the killer terraforming/builds :)
Great job once again Scar!!!
Clown Cart Critters lol
Having fun is plenty fun for me ❤
I have no words to describe how amazed I am at those trees! None! I loved watching BDubs reaction to them. ❤  Hahahaha also, that desk is brilliant!
Hey! All the hanging out in this episode was awesome, don't worry about not building! you dont have to build all the time 👍
dont ever feel bad for not building in an episode !! were all really glad you had fun, it was quite entertaining to watch all the shenanigans you got up to. do what you want :D
You’re easily my favorite builder on the server, but yes it’s perfectly wonderful to just have an entire episode of Scar shenanigans. No apology necessary. I love shenanigans too. ❤
Scar, you could put a glass block in the evoker's head using a piston to make it so it can't see anyone
Ooh? You want to put the biggest shop in the courtyard? I wouldn't say that too loud a Goat might be listening...
Let’s hope Doc never forgets to stock the wood shop because I think that hourglass would be too big for the graveyard, even *if* you put it sideways.
Scartopia
I'm seconding the comment that suggested "Jellie Jungle" :)
Don’t ever feel bad if you aren’t making progress for an episode, we are happy you are having fun and enjoying yourself regardless!!❤
Suggestion:  Tat-zoo-ine! Tatzooine!!!
Scar looks at the football field* "The soccer field" 🤦
“Scar-fari Adventure Park”
I went to Disneyland Paris today and when I first saw it my first thought was that they copied scarland as they look so similar❤❤❤❤
I love the builds, but the interactions are my favorite part of Hermitcraft.
I’m so glad Pearl’s vehicles get to stay!
Well, you made Scarland last season, so maybe the zoo this season can be Scarworld (like a parallel to disneyland/Disneyworld)
such a fun episode. thanks for sharing scar!
Love all the interactions with the Hermits and the occasional death loop 😂  Maybe a lawsuit against Skizz for destroying a Scar build will be in the future. Ignorance of Minecraft mechanics is no excuse! 😂
It is ok scar, fun is not only about building, watching you interact with other is also entertaining
A zoo’s name can just be a person’s name. My favorite zoo in Omaha is the Henry Doorly Zoo (best zoo ever and second largest in the US) You could take inspiration from past series or characters. Like your desert-themed exhibits could be called The Red Sand Reserve.  I think it would also be fun to include Jellie pandas! You could reskin a single variant of panda if you also want to showcase actual pandas too. The rainforest-themed exhibits could be called Jellie’s Jungle in that case too! (Alliteration is my favorite part of place names lol)
Dear Mumbo: The server is not happy POE POE MADE you work your days for them for peaceful days. And then bagering and incitful for the tragic accident with the short at the switch and  attacked you at your home with the Villians-car. And under payed you.  SCAR: Where's your storage room?  I didn't know you were Axcessing a chest monster... Mumbo begged for security. Ive analyzed the footage and the villian Scar axed you intentionally.
you really nailed the feel of the redwoods, I got to go snowshoeing through them once and it makes you feel so tiny.
Scartastic Safari I think would be a good name for the zoo
"SCARy Monsters" or "SCARy Zoo" are some cool names and possible concepts.  You can use this to make the zoo into a showcase of all the unique mobs in minecraft.
10:30 wolves of wool street was an outdoor market and not a pop up I will stand my ground on this!
I'll be honest, an episode without super-fast build mode is a little unconventional, but we'll survive :)
LOL Black Market Permits... 🤣 Thats GREAT!
Don't get me wrong I love the building it inspires me but when it's just the homies chillen it's nice too
14:19
14:19
14:19
14:19
14:19
Crazy scars waky animal park
This was a smile filled episode, as all the antics and fun left me with a smile from start to finish. :)
Scar why you slamming your face into cubs booty cheeks lol
Scar! You building is not a demand for us fans, and you need to know that! The episode was so funny and great on its own! We love watching your videos, whether you’re building or not.  The most imortant part about you and your content is that you make us smile, and you will never fail at doing just that!
Good times zoo. Kinda like good times with scar. Idk
If you want alliteration in the Zoo name, you could go for something along the lines of "Magical Menagerie" or if the theming is off and you want calm zones a "Zen Zoo" or... Even just "Minecraft Menagerie", though that's a little basic. Including the train, which may be more important for the naming scheme than I've yet tried, you could go for "Traverse Trails" or something you come up with that's better. I wouldn't say I know enough about trains, and livestock transport to be able to use words associated with them.  Moving away from alliteration, a one word conjunction like "Wilderlands" (will dur lands) which sounds simple, but could be an offshoot of a bigger, more detailed theme park. (The journey continues for Scar Land in many ways, so whatever you decide about that is what will work best.)   Not poor Stress' mud shop! Although small, it was one of the first proper shop buildings in the whole district. I'm very sure she at least had a chance to say something on the private backend of things, but she's still not back "officially" from her vacation as far as her yt subscribers know. 🙁
Lol I love that skizz remembers to call you sir scar
Jurassic Scark
aww i kinda liked wolf street
"I don't even have a bow" mumbo says as he shoots the vexes just makes that part so much funnier
"What in tarnation are those buttch33ks"-Scar, I shouldn't be laughing at that, but I am😂15:43
such a fun episode!  always love the shenanigans
just call the Pop up purge   POPUP  Permit office pop up purge  This was NOT my idea (i forget whose it was but claim ownership if it was yours) but scar should see it!!
RIP Magic Hands Man
Everybody focuses on the Scar part of your name but I think for the zoo, a good name for the zoo could either be: “the good-time terrarium” or even simpler, “The Scarrarium”
Starter base…
i think you should tie scarland in when you name/design the zoo
😂
police auction to sell off the seized pop ups but if they put them up you can cite them again and eventually take em back and sell them again, free diamonds!
"and a very, very special tree.."  Jerry's Tree??
Zoo Times with Scar
Love all the interaction!  Don’t sweat the not building in this one!
It's ok to have episodes where you're not building Scar, I'd much rather see you having fun and interacting with the other hermits than worrying that we wont like an episode because you didn't build anything in it. <3
I will never be upset for you not building in an episode. I love your interactions and just seeing how every person plays on the server. Please try not to be too hard on yourself just making content is more than enough!
The Great PP Event 2024. I was there.
i actually really enjoy watching you guys just hanging out! the builds are amazing, but then whats the point of being on multiplayer if youre not also there to goof off with friends!
Possible zoo name: Scar's Sacred Animal Sanctuary!
Scar's Scoo Zoo
Scar, we watch Grian. Of course we would be okay if you couldn't build anything in an episode 😂
The zoo could be called the Jellie Wildlife Conservation Centre in memory of our favourite kitty
Oh I MUCH preffer hermit interaction to building content Scar. No problem at all from me when it comes to that.
Hermastic Park (or a rip off of jurassic Park)
You are amazing. Even with torturing Mumbo. Keep up the amazing work. I will forever watch every video.
Name Idea: Sometimes, the lore is more important because it gives the name the power to transcend. "The Zoo of the Hermit" "Dagobah's Zoo" "Back to the Future Zoo" "All aboard on the Hermit Express Zoo" Something like that
it was cool
Loved the episode, we love interactions as much as builds <3
Scars version of a starter base is everyone else’s mega base..
While i love the awesome builds yall make on the server and ha e made over the past decade+... i gotta say my FAVORITE part of Hermitcraft, hands down, is the fun goofy interactions of friends just getting up to no good and having a great time.
Scar's house gives me Gravity Falls vibes
Umm, idk if saved is the right word…
You should make a hot guy den under the Poe Poe office.
Etho has so much stone because he has an exclusive purchasing agreement with Joe, and is slightly in debt because of it.
nice video scar. Always a treat to watch them :)
We don’t get scars POV of mumbos American accent of “pants”😭😭
Ngl, Mumbo's forest looks really good, the vibes are so forest-like it's so fun to look at.
Gem the great is great.
This was a GREAT episode! More please!
22:53 Mumbo: Because you- *thunderstorm*
Scarland's Animal Empire Wildlife Sanctuary
"Scarrastic Park"
24:13 Gre-on.. that gave me flash backs... (joke dont take to heart)
What if you name your zoo the "red wood ranger zoo"
You know who wouldn't like the Poe Poe?  The Convex... and Captain Jack.  SAVE US CAPTAIN JACK!!!
I said it on Pearl's episode and I'm saying it here. Please NEVER feel like you *have* to build for an episode to be good! A majority of the appeal of Hermitcraft is the fun interactions with the other Hermits! This episode was great!
dont worry about not building in a episode, shenaningans and fun times are always welcome!!
"the BIG PP event", of course he will say that
I'd rather have an episode without building than no episode at all!! 🎉 And besides, I wouldn't have even noticed if you hadn't of mentioned! Thanks for the episode!!
For the zoo: Scars Mystical/Enchanted Megazerie/ Mebagerie
9:43 LMAO GRIAN
Great episode!
scar your name is goodtimeswithscar not building time with scar We're Here for a Good Time with you scar ❤❤
I think a catchy name for the zoo could be "Choo Choo zoo"
Literally all I can think of for names is The Scoo (scar zoo)
Scar... There is no "should". Just do your thing. I'm here for your shenanigans. Besides, we all know you do amazing builds. You'll get hit with some kind of inspiration and make something beautiful, and even if you don't do it now, you'll get there. Just look at your incredible California Redwoods.
Scar land two, electric boogaloo
"RedWood crossing & Animal Reserve" as a name idea for your Zoo
buddy, don't worry about not building!! You did so much this episode, and I'm always happy to see what you've got going on either way, cause you're great!
Zoo Name - Scarroo. It’s fun to say too.
Scar I have been having really bad anxiety and depression about the upcoming school season, your videos have been a constant in helping me overcome those worries. Thank you so much for bringing me joy whenever I feel down.❤
Scar-a-pa-ZOO-za :3
15:45 this is pushing the limit
“Saved mumbo” might be a bit of an exaggeration lol. And yeah it’s totally okay if you don’t build anything, it’s amazing to see what you make but as long as you just keep being your wonderful you and don’t think anyone would care if you went on a murder spree.
10:10 Well Jevin's jumped to the top of my "Who's series' should I watch next" list,
honestly my favorite videos are the ones where you’re just hanging out with your friends!! your building is amazing but i’m here for your personality and interactions 10000%
Dear, dear Scar... you might not have physically built anything but I am LIVING for all the shenanigans !! You built enjoyable content, dude!! I was laughing and smiling the entire episode!!
I would love to see a video of the evolution of Scars custom trees. Like his first custom tree to the insanely amazing ones hes making now to see his progress
the zoo should be called scarland zoo
the zoo should be bush scardens
1:54 dont take this out of context
“gre-on” im having flashbacks
The Good Times Zoo
the starter base is huge or should we call it the scarter bese
Iskall got unlucky getting sick.. Didn't get to finish his new shop.. 💚
It’s okey to not build sum times
Name for the zoo: Good-times rehabilitation and wildlife sanctuary.  Some of the best wildlife parks in my opinion are the kind that are essentially wildlife hospitals. Rehabilitation centres. Where all the animals are meant to be there temporarily, or are only there for life because they are beyond rehabilitation.  I honestly just think theming the zoo in that way would be a nice homage to Jellie and the service she... Gods I know nothing about this... Sorry.. I just thought it would be nice the idea of season10!Scar having this giant rehabilitation sanctuary for animals in homage to his late friend....
Imagine if you have to move the hourglass to the shop graveyard someday
to be fair, Iskall has been both sick and distracted by his Vault Hunter SMP... he may not have even been aware of the pop-up purge unless you announced it on your discord...
I don't have a good name, but it could just be the "Scarland Zoo" and exist as an extension to the Scarland brand. They're both run by the same company, and you can get dual memberships.
Maybe since you had Scar Land last season you have the Scarnimal Kingdom this season lol!
Just a couple names that pop into mind for the zoo.  Scaroo's Zoo Good Times With Life Jellie's Purrfect Emporium
I loved all the chaotic interactions between the hermits, this season is very special
i love scar’s interactions and him being in POE POE duty
it's fine scar. it was still  great episode
I love how Skizz calls Scar "Sir Scar"
Zoo name :Jellie Junction Zoo
Fun with Friends is always welcomed!
Mumbo still has the waffle hair
Fun fact: you can like comments by double tapping them and reply by triple tapping.
scar what bamboozles me... is how can u NOT know swords do sweeping edge damage as default unless u jump crit.... use an axe man 🤦‍♀
Scarland Zoo?
It's a MEANagerie if you are including all your criminals
The Cin-scar-natti zoo is sstill my go to for the name
So im only 6 months into playing Minecraft, and for a long while I felt pretty bad about my building skills every time I’d see Scar, Gem, Pearl, Bdubs and Tango builds. But I’ve turned a corner to being inspired by them instead. I’ve been downloading past season worlds and just getting inspired by the way different blocks can combine into something cool.
The Scar-fari
6:08 hit it with the flame bow, scar.
GoodZooWithScar would be a cool name  Edit: or ZooTimesWithScar
For the zoo name, consider: Jellie’s Menagerie  (a menagerie is like a collection of exotic animals)
You have a wonderful personality! <3<3<3
Scar.. can you please stop being purposefully dumb? We know you’re actually quite good at the game, it’s so obvious you’re trying to be chaotic and wacky but it’s just frustrating when you keep dying/killing hermits intentionally.
Great video
I’m sick with covid and watching some of my favorite YouTubers is a really good distraction.
Has Mumbo had that waffle since season 8?
I find it amazing that the last train car is the "Villains Car", which one misplaced space becomes "Villain Scar"
Even though this is the tenth season, it feels like the freshest and most fun season so far.
Yes, Scar, it is totally okay you didn't build anything. I love watching your interactions with the other hermits.
The Poe Poe layin' down the law!
Totally good that you didn’t do any building! It was still a super enjoyable episode
Sca-zoo Like kazoo
Be careful what you wish for. I predict the old popup graveyard will become the new shopping district.
I think seeing Scar run right through the trap room was the hardest I have laughed while watching a Hermitcraft video this season. 10/10
Scarland 2: Steam Powered Zoo
One of my favorite Hermitcraft episodes are the ones like this one where there are a lot of interactions
im so happy that i woke up to this on my birthday 🎉
Scar dieago Zoo! Also you are fine not buffing something for an episode or two. Chaos happens and it was entertaining
Loved the episode
I loved an all-interaction episode!  Don’t feel like you have to build every time, we just like watching you have fun :)
Do you mean the tunnel trees in California when you said those red wood trees that you can drive through?
😂 Pearl totally called ya out Scar! She had the tapes, the secret recordings, she had the proof. 😂
Is wonder zoo a good name for it
its ok with no builds scar. so much fun. dont press yourself too much.
0:37 "a tree that's being stuck by lightning" queue the CZU fires in the Santa Cruz, CA Mountains 😭😭😭😭🙏 mans is rebuilding the fires rn... besides that, scar if you havent you should do some research about the Santa Cruz Mountains and our redwoods here. Especially big basin, and surrounding areas
Concentration camp for pop up shops? Didn’t think that one too far through huh
This was one of the most fun eps you've made. ;) I know you are mainly a builder, but this was so much fun and just because you are best at something does not mean that is all you are. You are pure entertainment just hanging out with friends.
Your world is so beautiful amazing creative inspirational. Im in love. And we dont care if you build or not your videos are so entertaining so glad i found you. From your first solo world to hermitcraft the life series and your streams you are level etho to me. I will support both of you always
Is this war? I want war
Acab fr on this one
"Scarnimal Kingdom"
Scar's death loops are contagious now xD
1:45 scartopia
You don't need to build things every episode, this was a great time.
ZooTimesWithScar
"Starter base" Also you were so wrong about Jevin's shop being a popup
Pearl just yellin' "BUILD A BIGGER BOAT" was comedic timing perfection :D
as a name idea you could call it "Scar's Misty Menagerie!". Redwood environments are often home to seasonal fog from the sea that helps sustain their massive growth, and menagerie is just another word for a zoo-like venture. it may not entirely work as fog isn't really prevalent in Minecraft nor would it be the main selling point, but it has alliteration :)
If you're making a National Park, Think Yogi Bear. JellyStone Park.  I'm quite sure you've already thought of that!
What about Redwoods Reserve?
Maybe the zoo could be an expansion of scarland, like Scarland: Safari.
Scar it is absolutely ok if you are not building. I know that I don't come to hermitcraft for the builds but to see the interactions between the hermits. As long as you are enjoying it, that is all that matters
The ScaZoo
14:19
"The great pp event "💀
mumbo blaming his inability to access his “storage system” on scar moving magic hands man 20 blocks downstream when it’s a shulker monster in a field is the most mumbo thing i’ve ever seen.
Scar land animal adventure park would be a good name
Name for the zoo- "Motus Menagerie" Motus is the latin word for excitement, and wonder, while a menagerie is another word for a zoo, or a collective of items/goods.
'Sczoo' might be a nice name for the zoo
scar dropped a totem to skizz and jevin just took it LOL
Do not worry about the building, there will be another time for that. And having fun interacting with other hermits is at least as important a part of hermitcraft as redstone and building.
The song you’re looking for is Thunderstruck by AC/DC
I've got to be honest, at this point I don't really watch Hermitcraft for the Hermits doing builds
Most zoo's are named 26:20  after their  city aka the cincinatti zoo so the zoo name should be something like hermit craft zoo or hermitland zoo. Since your apart of magic mountain you could call it magic mountain zoo as well
20:45 for next one cover him up in blocks so he can't see people like you do a villager to prevent a zombie from killing them
Rich scar!
Building to scale is very difficult those redwoods look amazing!
You did build this episode......you built relationships
Zoo names: The Choo Choo Ka Zoo The Scar-nival The Critter Caravan The Zoo Choo Train
Jellie's Jolly Zoo
You created joy, good sir. Settle those shakes and get the pride tingles instead.
Name: Cherry Mountain Nature Preserve
Scar, you do not need to build something in every episode! You're gonna stress yourself out!.. More than you already are... Getting the shakes because you didn't build and think your audience is gonna get mad at you... I know there's some loud people out there but you do you Scar. (Also I personally prefer these silly messing around eps)
I thought they knew that Etho's frog lights are in the new shop
That is such a scar thing to do to completely ruin their plan to capture him, accidentally.😂 I love this video!
"Saved Mumbo Jumbo and his storage system" is not how I would've phrased it lol
Good Times Zoo
The shopping district is definitely looking better, but cubs definition of A popup was supposed to be any shop that took less than a half hour to build. Wool street was an open air market! We have lots of them where i live.  While funny, I think that one was definitely removed in error. I'm glad you were able to come to an agreement with Jevin --I've done a glass lake and it definitely takes lots of time
ZootimeswithScar!
The sheer disappointment radiating from Skizz while he listened to the undercover recording of you admitting the bone truck wasn't a pop up.     Didn't the Permit Office teach you to always frisk the hermit for wires before trying a shake down?
mumbo 6 scar 12
Why isn't YOUR terracotta popup shop in the graveyard?
Hilarious episode Scar! 10/10 😂
Man the requirements to count as a pop-up are kinda flimsy
What about naming the zoo “SCARTOPIA” like zootopia from Disney
Zoo  name idea: "Scarland's Magic Safari"
Watching this after seeing Mumbos perspective was so funny! Spoiler for video: Seeing a vex get in the boat right as he was about to get in and then kill him was hilarious! 🤣😆😆
Zoo name: Scar-fari (play on Safari)
"SCAROO THE ZOO FOR YOUU" Its silly, it's cute, it rimes, and people will repeat a lot hahahaha😂
Permitcraft would be a good name for this season 😂
I don't mind if you don't build every episode. You're going slow this season so let it flow
This was an entertaining episode! Of course it’s okay that you didn’t build anything; you’re more than just an incredible builder & terraformer. It’s fun to watch your interactions with the other Hermits, too. 😊
Love the episode. Xx
"Clown-Zoo" it's fun and catchy!
I’d find it funny if the zoo was called “Skazoo” like kazoo… it’s got Scar in it and zoo and a kazoo is funny and could be included in a theme song
We all KNOW this is gonna be a good one :D
Scar do whatever you want, they're your episodes! We're just along for the ride.
You should name the future base something like Scartopia
Great episode no problem about the building, just don’t let it happen again. ❤
Nah. Just have fun Scar.  You don't need to worry about building.. but you are a beautiful builder.
Loved the episode! You don't need to build something to make a great episode!! 💓💓💓
I really enjoyed this!
Port Scar Zoo or Scarport Zoo In reference to your neighbors being fisherman?
It is fun every once in a while to just have a fun hangout episode and not having much or any building in said episode.  Everyone needs a bit of a break occasionally,  that is a good way to prevent or at least reduce burnout.
12:32 "You're right, false" 🤣
This is his starter base!?!? Gems is a small boat
If it's gonna be full of (carefully-controlled) chaos instead of being a nice, safe, relaxing field-trip destination for the kiddos, you could call it the Zoo-Choo Riot, in honor of the Cherry Poppin' Daddies song (zoot suit riot).
Should put a villain scar in the villains car
Absolutely alright that there wasn't a build this episode, I love the shenanigans :D
The bone shop really isn’t a Pop shop…. Also the elytra shop was really cool
Not the buttcheeks! 🫢💀💀💀
1:45 Scar Sanctuary
I enjoy watching interactions as much as building. No worries here on it
Name the zoo “Zeta Omega Omega” or “Zeta Null Null” for a random scifi military feel for no reason 😎😎
You wanted a fun name for the Zoo. Comment 1000 suggests calling it the Ka-Zoo. Not only is the kazoo a fun instrument, but the way I wrote it is containing the word zoo and the name of the snake from the Jungle Book which links it to an animal as well.
Scartuary combination of scar and sanctuary
Scar Diego Zoo
scar the non building episodes are just as enjoyable, i think a lot of us like seeing you hang out and interact with the other hermits and its a welcome change of pace. Dont worry about uploading interaction based episodes
Your builds are so amazing! The full landscapes, from the big sweeping umpact down to the details. So, so wonderful!
gree-on gave me flashbacks 💀
"I say... build a bigger boat." So good
Of course I’m okay with no building additions! Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE the building aspect of Hermitcraft and have learned so much about building since I started watching this year, but my favorite part of the series is the interactions between Hermits. ❤❤
An idea for the zoos name… Zoolandia ?
What a joy seeing scar enjoying his art
Potential zoo name The Final Frontier
scar! you rebuilt all the popup shops! that counts as building 🎉❤
Zoo name idea: GoodTimesWithMobs
someone tell Jevin it's the cops that are supposed to be the ones using dogs as weapons
the hermit interactions in this episode were delightful. no worries about no tree progress; im still not over my awe over the initial batch from last episode!
For the Zoo Name I still think it'd be awesome if you named it after my personaly favourite Zoo, the Wilhelma in Stuttgart, Germany. Maybe Scarhelma or something like that.
*The PPPP (POE POE Popup Purge) Event
I'm glad you are actually building a full zoo! It sounded like the train *was* the zoo
You gotta add a Battle of Endor reference to the Redwoods.
Scar acknowledging that he is, in fact, a Labrador puppy is adorable 🥺
Zoo name - Scarland - Magical Moutain Kingdom   totally not based on anything IRL XD
I loved all the antics and shenanigans! I don't mind whatever you do. It's all fun content. Heck you could make a video of you walking around HermitCraft talking about Disney and I would watch it! lol
loved it!
“Idea” Scar and his traveling tramps
Scar saying "Gree-on" is giving me yhs flashbacks.
LMAO, the look of betrayal on Skizz. Pearl got you in 4k UltraHD! 😂
Imagine scar forgetting to stock his shop and the death star moves
Not every episode needs a building segment, interaction segment, planning segment etc.  I think your instincts are really good on how to make a satisfying episode with any formula!
RIP Magic Hands Man.
Possible names for Zoo: Scar's Wildlife Wonderland The Wonderful Wilds of Scar Being Scarrred: The Wildlife Zoo
Skizz's commitment to "Ser Scar" is one of my favourite parts of the season
it was nice episode, the interactions were great, and even if say you didn't build in it, you have rebuild all the popup shops conficated
Mumbo: "I don't even have a bow!"  *Pulls out and draws bow*
I am two minutes into this video and just heard the words “the great pp event” and that’s how you know the episode’s gonna be a good one! When it starts off with an innuendo.
i finally convinced my parents to buy/order tcg cards. they thought/think it's a scam, but i said it's my money and i trust the hermits. it took time but i made it. (taxes are no joke. it's so much money in taxes)
i was about to say build a bigger boat but then pearl said it... so i say: MY MAN...  i was not proud of saying that about a woman
Don't you dare feel bad for not building something! We love the shenanigans!
I love when episodes alternate between building and fun shenanigans! Variety is the spice of life:) so it's all good :)
A good name is ‘Zoo’ ‘something CATCHy’
I’ll tell you my heart sank when I thought skizz had betrayed scar and went corrupt, I instantly thought oh this is an uprising and then saw skizz
The zoo name could be DiSCARvory Kingdom.
Zoo name idea: scar's oakwood conservation center
How about you make the are a Hermitcraft National Park, and make the zoo the National Park Zoo?
Idea name for the zoo; Zoo of hermitopia! (Bonus points if it says, under property of the permit office).
I'm excited to see the redwood tree struck by lightning build next time! The Pop-up Purge was exciting, I'm looking forward to seeing what happens with Jevin's revolution! So, False got you into the slime trap area by pretending it was a black market, fitting since it's such a labyrinthine base! That was a hilarious trap, especially with how many ways it went wrong lol! And the time with Mumbo and the vex, lol! I love the way you use Minecraft body language! *It's **_absolutely_** fine to have an episode with no building!* I love all the interactions and shenanigans, and of course your builds are amazing but the ones you've already done are still there to see in the background and it's super fun to sometimes have an episode that's nothing but "story"/pranks/just hanging out with friends! We love to see you having fun in Minecraft, in whatever form that happens to take!!
Scar: Sees buttcheeks on the cub bilboard *Immediately flies into them*
Etho could sue the POE POE for removing his better than nothing stone piles! 🧑‍⚖ You say it yourself at 5:09 , it isn't a pop-up shop, so why does it get removed in a POP-UP PURGE? 🧐🔍
It's absolutely okay that you did not build anything in this episode. In my opinion the last few seasons were a bit heavy on the building side, now don't get me wrong i love what you guys create every season, but i think Minecraft multiplayer is more about doing stupid or funny stuff with other players and previous seasons of Hermitcraft were lacking that a bit. I love seeing y'all get together, die to vexes, take down pop-up shops or play around with new updates, it just makes every episode so much funnier and more unique!  And btw, i would never be able to build as much as you all do. I love building but it gets pretty boring after a few hours of working on one build, so i wouldn't judge if that ever happens to anyone else!
I don't know why, but I feel like the zoo should be called Scarnia
zoo name: Scar's Safari Land
Ive said it on a few other videos, but i tuink the park should be called the Scar-fari Park! (Like safari!) Those trees are just STUNNING scar!
The zoo of the good scared animals. 🤭
Ren made soccer scar? I don't know that sport . I only know a sport called football !!
It was only a matter of time before a war started around the POE... good times...
a black market is such a good idea tho...
What about the terracotta shop? Wasn't that a pop-up.
Name of zoo "Scazoo" A Combination of kazoo, scar and zoo
the most wellknown zoo in the Netherlands is Artis so i instantly thought of Scartis. XD
Scarfari
Scar as long as you’re having fun it doesn’t matter what you post, we’ll enjoy it either way! ^_^
Is it ok that you didn't build anything? Are you kidding? We love the chaos! Bring more chaos! LOL
Anyone know who changed the billboard? Lmao poor cub
Anyone know who changed the billboard? Lmao poor cub
Zionity said the scarfari which I think is great or something to do with jelly
The Scoo
The Mob Master's Menagerie ZOO
Completely okay that you didn’t build anything! Enjoyed it a lot.
Can't wait for the hourglass to get moved :)
Scar, The appeal of Hermitcraft for me has always been first the interactions between Hermits and second the builds
Choo Choo Zoo
6:48 the glimpse of doc's sky prison(?) in the background 😂
As a German I find it beautiful timing that Scar says "Poe Poe" right as the CubBoard's buttcheeks come into view ("Popo" is a German word for "butt").
It's a lot of fun seeing you guys just doing stuff together, I don't mind at all if you don't do building stuff in every single episode!
9:55 Thank you pearl for saying what we were all thinking lmao
no need to apologize for spending time with friends, watching you all goof around with each other is one of the things that gives Hermitcraft its charm.
What no building!?!?!?! that was still fun lol, quit trippin brah
Scar, getting to use TNT on shops this episode. Also Scar, "We're going to torch some trees in the next episode." 🪵🔥
Scartopia
Loved watching you guys have fun! No worries!
I like Red Wood Scarfari for the name of the zoo.
Omg do like a Lion King reference, well the land in the movie is called the Pride Lands, maybe do something with that idk. The reason for doing a Lion King reference is because scar is called scar and there is a scar in the movie, you know?
For a name suggestion for your future zoo, maybe “Sequoia Zoo” since you made all those giant redwood trees?
for a name, how about Scarland: Zoo Fast Zoo Furious
Scarland: Wild Adventure
because ur train is so nice and is such a nice sight i had an idea to name the zoo "the choo choo zoo" with a train running trough!
This was fantastic! The Poe Poe purge was great and I’m glad the shops I liked survived lol. Your beatification of the shopping district is appreciated! I’m looking forward to the new trees in the next episode!
The zoo could be called jellies safari
who needs building when you have this group of friends being hilarious! <3
“I don’t even have a bow” *pulls out bow*
That axe kill on Mumbo was 100% intentional. Don't even try and pretend it wasn't, Scar.
I literally watched this just to see Scar's reaction after watching Pearl's episode. I was not disappointed. XD
Welcome to, The Creature Keeper!
I kind of liked the trucks, wish they could stay
Cubs buttcheeks 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Zoo name: Madagascar Meadows
Little fact about red wood trees that are not just in California if you go to the benmore botanical gardens you can find the red wood strip the saplings where shipped directly  to the land of unicorns Scotland and thay are still here today
1:53 the what
I think it would be lovely if you and Mumbo connected your custom forests and landscaping to make the area feel more united especially with the ruver running all the way past his base, I think it would make the redwoods feel more like part of the environment and it would really help the "framing" of your base when you approach it from that side :) incredible work as alway you really elevate hermitcraft AND minecraft as a whole with your contributions! What a  Great episode doesn't matter if you didn't build!
No need to pump out a build every episode! These social interactions are just as precious and we'll happily watch anyway! :)
scar you absolutely don't need to feel pressured to build in every episode - please your fun natured interactions with the members is really endearing and we love it.
Adventures in the Scarfari
“The P P event for short” 😂😂
I love Pearl's malicious compliance to everything
Zoo-zoo-kachoo cuz of your train
Redwoods look so awesome
My last episode form you before I go back to college so happy I can enjoy this without having responsibilities in the back of my mind jaja
Stressmonsters mud shop was not a pop-up! y'all are so mean :D
Pearl is hilarious 😂
this is such a fun episode I love watching the little shenanigans you have w the other hermits so don’t sweat it about the building!!!! this was awesome!
how about "good times zoo"
absolutely okay there was no building in the episode! it was a really fun episode to watch with lots of interaction stuff (which honestly is my favourite to watch) - you're awesome scar :)
Scar, it's absolutely fine if you don't build anything. Why are you stressing out. It's a great episode!!
The real zoo are all the hostile mobs spawning in his base.
The pearl bones shop recording made me laugh so much..skizz alr said the shop wasnt, yeah? And scar said it wasnt too...and pearl came with evidence. Its good she hadnt sue them lmao
My idea for a name for the Zoo is "Scar's Good Times Zoo" Pretty basic but in the moment it felt clever
Loved it!
#32 on trending for gaming on 8/4/24, 4 hours after upload
Magic mountain zoo?
You should put a wolf in the shop junkyard and call him something intimidating like Brutus the Junkyard Dog.
Great Scar Diego Zoo
great episode Scar, we know you can built. This was fun as well.
Scar!! Don't worry about not building, we're happy to see anything from you!! Even if you don't build, every episode you release is incredibly enjoyable and this one made me laugh and smile a whole lot !
Great episode!  Not every episode has to be a big (or any) build.  Don't put that pressure on yourself.  This was a fun, hilarious change of pace.  Don't get me wrong - Those redwoods are THE best Minecraft trees I've ever seen, and I live on a tree farm IRL, but fun with friends makes great content.
How old are you?
Mumbo: "I don't even have a bow" *Meanwhile Mumbo shooting an arrow*
absolutely loved this episode! and don’t worry about how you didn’t do any building, every now and again it’s really enjoyable to see a episode filled with interactions :)
Skizz’s accent is amazing 🤠😮‍💨👌
The video was very fun to watch with all the hermit interactions
call the zoo “Scarland central zoo” or just “scarland zoo”
scar i LOVE your videos and while building the most beautiful amazing stuff imaginable is a thing you do (which is VERY cool, don't get me wrong), i am having so much fun just watching you have a great time with your friends. don't put too much pressure on yourself, you  don't have to constantly achieve something greater than ever before to be entertaining
Scar needs to add some dead red wood trees on the ground. It would really make the forest feel complete. Huge trunks scattered across the ground. Perhaps with path ways carved through them.
Wait that train is Just a starter bace??
The Sahara but scarified
How about naming the zoo Scarland's Mob Wildercraft (Will-der-craft).
9:54 “I just say build a bigger boat!”  GOOD LORD I LOVE PEARL LMAO
20:05 was the most genuine valley girl sounding scar i've ever heard
Zoo name: SCARZAN ZOO ( Tarzan kinda fits with the exploration vibe scar is giving this season)
Scar: I need an arrow! Mumbo: I don't even have a bow! *immediately pulls out bow and fires an arrow*
Hey Scar! For me episodes are about having fun, and as much as I love seeing your builds, I really enjoy seeing all the hermits hanging out together. It's what draws me to watching people on a server rather than single player worlds, which can get stale quite quickly if the only thing they focus on is building. The content from you all having fun together is what you can't replicate elsewhere because this is your unique server with your own dynamics built from years of playing together. Plus, we need a break from builds just as much as you do. The stuff you get up to while taking a break from it is gold, especially when you're procrastinating!
Perhaps a name for the zoo could be:  Jellie’s Emporium
Transitioning Mumbo's trees into Scar's trees would be so cool, and then if possible into Bdub's trees would probably create a really cool forest.
"The Zoo: SCARy Monsters" Scar in name? Check, David Bowie reference? Check, Jojo reference? Check. Sounds like a perfect name to me
To be honest Scar, I didn't subscribe to your channel because youre an amazing builder. I subscribed because you died what seemed like 30 times in 5 minutes to the Botam hole. So I'm all good if you dont get any building done now and then.
The zoo should be called Scartopia
Zoo name ideas: ScarWorld or ScarPlant 😅 and you should call the safari ExpeditionScarWorld
Scartoopia
The first thought that popped into my head for a zoo name was DiSCARvery Island (A play on Discovery Island, of course.) You could even incorporate the Tree of Life into it somehow!
Hey Scar, bog fan soooo Zoo names: Choo-Choo Zoo or The Rebel Zoo (bit of a star wars theme)
scar youre one of the greatest if not the greatest minecraft builder(s) of all time.. there is no need to prove anything.. we love these types of videos. this is why its good times with scar not good builds with scar.
I love the friend interactions lol
I love your content scar your already my favorite hermit and my favorite builder but with the problems you have it amazing what you do❤!
WildTimeswithScar Zoo
Scar, I think you owe Mumbo a giant Red Wood
Good time with friends is favorite kind of episodes 🎉
you don't gotta apologize for not building anything this episode it was a fun episode :>
The zoo
Scar's doing so much to improve the Shopping District, i hope the other hermits appreciate it! also, don't fret about not building this episode - seeing you having fun with friends is also 100% worth it!
Its sad that the redwood tree that you could drive through fell down a couple of years ago
The Choo Choo Zoo?
To me, Hermitcraft is all about the people, the game and the builds are mostly a backdrop. An episode full of fun interactions is just as productive as one with a huge build.
Hermitcraft S10 is the best
Hey Scar hope you're having a great day, the zoo should be called the "Scarfari Park".
Idk why but I either have a feeling or at least a hope that the train will be pulling a hot air balloon.
22:12 scar trying to get mumbo's attention is pure gold
Hermit transit
every season your 'starter' base gets bigger and bigger
1:40 Zappy Zoo  Zappy meaning energetic  U should call it that because u bring lots of energy and happiness to ur vids ❤😂😊
heh
"build a bigger boat"... out of the purpur blocks that she sells. Well played, Pearl, well played.
Scar, not building in one episode is perfectly fine! The fun interactions made up for it completely!
I did not notice the lack of building until you talked about it at the end 😅
The "Something Creative and Fun Zoo' sounds nice
No, scar I don't have any problem with not building anything in this episode because we are ultimately for good times here and this was a very fun episode
Greon 😳😨
Great episode
Scartopia for the zoo? 👀
You created interactions with other hermits. Those moments are always the most memorable so please don’t hesitate to try make content from them. The places you create are beautiful but they are just locations to facilitate the interactions
Scar it’s completely ok that there’s no building! Your episodes are still fun to watch no matter what
1:39 Name idea: probs already been said but “The Scar-farie” or “The Scarfarie” :D
These kind of episodes are great too, just having a good time with friends
G.T.W.S - Good Times Wilderness Sanctuary (or Safari). I saw someone a while ago recommend it!
Loved the interactions in this episode! Your POV of the failed trap was even better seeing Skizz frozen by the door. 😂
"I don't even have a bow" *pulls out a bow* Mumbo is so funny
I am dying laughing here! Man this is the best comedy show ever!
How about the “Hullabazoo” for a Mega Scar Zoo?!
The name can be Chugga Chugga zoo zoo
I vote scarfari for zoo name
The Scar-Memento or Scar Diego Zoo. As a play on the name Sacramento/San Diego.
You did build this episode. You built memories. I thought the episode was great.
you should call it the Jellie Memorial Zoological Center
Ton-o-fun = good episode Scar.
You name the zoo after your horse, coW. Maybe like, coW zoO (pronouned cow-woo, zu-woo)
I would call it scarlandzoo and theme it after scarland
If you want the zoo name to be train inspired you can call it choo choo zoo
Here are some name ideas for ya!   - The Scar-ry Sanctuary  - Scarwood Safari  - Scar-adise Zoo  - The Scarred Zoo
Pearl pulling out the receipts got me ROLLING
Scarland's Animal Kingdom or Scarland's Mob Kingdom - references your last amazing base from last season and is still thematically appropriate for this season!
22:54 perfectly timed Lightning my fav
Yes scar it's okay to have fun With Friends don't have to build all the time. In scar world rebuild and have fun with friends the game's district has become alive are stream days are fun just remember you're more than welcome to join us and have fun too.
Scar whether or not you build or just have antics we're gonna watch and enjoy the episode haha Try not to stress about it cuz we're all here to just have a good time and see what you're up to on Hermitcraft no matter what it is you're doing :)
As for your base name scar I think Scar's Magical Menagerie Express is pretty good
Zoo name: Sir Scari Safari
Scar, I love your builds a lot; they are amazing and inspiring and it's fascinating to see them be brought into existance! - But that doesn't mean that an episode without any building by you is any less enjoyable. First and foremost, all of us here here because of you and seeing you engage in shenanigans and fun times (and good times) with everyone else is just as great! =D
I'm here for the interactions as much as the builds. If it was just solo building it may as well be a single player let's play
scar. you should have fun on hermitcraft forever you could never build again and id still be watching like omggg look at him go :D youre fine. if anyones mean to you about it i will will them into having a migraine from hell AND a warm pillow every night
Scar! In light of your new awesome conifers, please please check out photos of mature scots pine, i’d love to see you take a shot at something like that, they’re so gorgeous
Fun with friends are my favorite episodes <3
Magic mountain’s magical menagerie
You're called GoodTimesWithScar, it doesn't matter if you build or not, we enjoy it no matter what! Building usually includes isolation, don't worry about going and having some fun with other Hermits! Whatever happens in the episode, it's a good time.
call the zoo scoo or scarfari or somthing like that
I have a few ideas!  The Zoosicle of Mobs, Scars moblife reserve
Scar you don’t need to apologize if you don’t get to build something. Just having a fun episode with you up to your shenanigans with the others is a perfect episode on its own.
The more interaction the better for me Mr. GoodTimes
Mob-topia?
Starter base?!?
You should call the Zoo "Scartopia". Like Zootopia! :)
How about naming the zoo "The Menagerie of Growls and Howls?"
♥
The zoo should just be called Hermitcraft, need I say more
"Bring the Rain" by texas deathcore band 'Upon a Burning Body' is the song that fits your conversation with skizz in the graveyard.  During the last breakdown of the song, they say: "I'll bring the rain, you bring the thunder!"
22:15
I like "Scarsnade zoo"
Name the zoo “journey through the Madaga-scar”
Loved the episode! Thanks Scar❤
No building is fine! You did so much, it was an action packed episode. I didn't even realize there was no building until you said so 😅
i have a name idea for the zoo. the Sca-Zoo.. like..... Scar + Zoo........ Sca-Zoo and it sounds like "kazoo"
Animal Scardom!
Scarland Mob Kingdom
Enjoyed❤🎉
Absolutely love the shambles of Xisuma's self made trial chamber and Scar just walking straight through like they're all just hanging out lol
scar you couldve called it the PUP event and i think you know that full well
Why threat them with the tnt if you are just going to move the shops? Im disappionted...
Don't forget everyone, be careful because next time you just might become, scarred for life!
What about the mountain tunnel? It's smaller than the train 😅
Idea for the train: make the tracks go around the zoo when completed so it’s a zoo train
My submission for a Zoo name: The Kindness (for) Animals Zoo - aka the Kazoo.  Imagine the grand entrance music vaguely like Jurassic Park being played on the Kazoo as you walk in - beautiful.
literally just drove through the avenue of giants today! so cool to see it come to life in Minecraft with your builds
Poor Stress, she’s still on vacation
1:39 “The Scarfari Sanctuary Zoo”
Scar, you are creating laughs every time. 😄
Scar this was so much fun thanks for the good times look forward to the next one
Hey Scar! You're amazing and a blessing as always!  How about Scartopia or Scartopia. Like Zootopia, but with extra good times.  Thank you for being you! Jesus bless You!
just include the letter U in the acronym. The great PUP event! and here's another vote for Scarfari for the zoo name.
Absolutely no issues with not building anything in a given episode. This season has been the season of social interactions, and HC is better for it. We come back every video because of the Hermit's as personalities. And seeing your creations, whether they are block based or interaction based, is the cherry on top of the cake
Not every video needs to be building. The most important part of any video is that you have fun. If that means not building so you can interact with others, go right ahead!
zoo name scartopia
The new glass collective does look great!! 🤩
Your zoo should be call good times at the zoo as you name is good times with scar
i like these hermit friends episodes acually more than the building ones. it is amazin what you can do in this game (for real, it blows me away), but the interactions with the other hermits are the funniest things ever
The great PP Event lol?
Jevin's Endrod shop Is not a pop-up
The vicious Death cycle 😅 and you added mumbo 😹😹😹
Name for the Zoo: Scaroo  Scar + Zoo = Scaroo
I love a good episode where you just hang with friends. We can have a building episode again later.  Getting distracted is half the fun.
Scar you’re totally fine!
jevin made techno a proud man today
"scartopia zoo"
Poor mumbo! He’s so nice his only angry words are “I’m at a 10!” Lol the chaos and telling him he saved him after bringing the vexes to his doorstep 😂😂😂 I was literally laughing out loud
Scarrasic Park
you could call the zoo: scartopia.
Watching mambo and scar interact is so funny. Mumbo’s restless fidgeting coupled with Scar’s eerie stillness when interacting is a great pair.
Me: “What country is Scar from again?” Scar: (takes a shot at a protester) Me: “Oh yeah…”
I will never get over how cool and awesome sauce scars “starter Base” is!!! It’s  so cool and awesome sauce like scar :D
Petition for scar to show us his trees with shaders
I love all the interaction! Dont stress about every episode having equal proportions in building, goofing off, whatever. My favorite part of hermitcraft is honestly just watching friends having fun together, so I think I can speak for everyone when I say to just do what you enjoy, even if it's not consistent.
Oh boy, scars gonna eventually move the hourglass and going to have to place all that sand
ZooTimeWithScar
Scar. You do not have to build every episode. You are amazing.
How about "Scarfield Zoo"?
🤣 Jev *is* the propaganda
What if you called the zoo the "Zoo Zoo Train" (like choo choo train) :)
I found the real location of the black market.  it should be underneath the POE headquarters. its the place you least suspect it
Me whisteling : If only you guys were in 1.21 and had the possibility to move the boat with a lead so you don't have to kill the Vex and the Magic Hands Man...
Of course it’s fine if you didn’t work on building this episode or every episode generally, it was a v entertaining episode and you don’t need to pressure yourself to constantly be productive - id much rather you were just having fun than stressed and feeling pressure!! We will enjoy any and every video you put out ❤
I think funny interactions like these make hermitcraft what it is. It's a community of friends all working together. Sure, it's rightfully known for your  INSANE builds, but it's special because of how close you guys are. Love all the interactions, it's all good man
Yes to not building, this was a chill, fun, nice change from staring at blocks being placed for an hour.  I love the “social” side just as much / more than the building
Scar, please don’t feel bad if you don’t manage to do a build in every episode. I really enjoy the episodes that are just interacting with other Hermits and the chaos that ensues just as much as the build-heavy episodes, and I think other viewers will agree. Don’t put pressure on yourself to build if you don’t have time. I love the silly goofy side of Hermitcraft, and it’s always fun to see people together. ❤
Love your Buildings, but Love the Interaktions more. <3
The Choo Choo Zoo
Love the interactions. 😂 a little break from building is ok.
I think Zoo Land would be a great name for the Zoo; and you could sell memberships so that hermits could call themselves Zoo Landers
That pile of iron block that was mambos iron shop right that’s not a pop-up shop that’s part of the mambos gold shop it gold and iron together
We got a tonne of great entertainment in this eposide Scar, don't stress about not building those (awesome) trees yet :)
Yeah, sometimes it's just nice to have a fun time :)!
The part with Mumbo from Mumbo's perspective looked like Scar was just having fun and not really trying hard (at least to me) but from Scar's perspective you can really see how much he's trying and how unlucky he keeps getting with the vexes going into the boat and how tough it all gets.
Tbh the social part of hc is more entertaining to me than the building part
It's okay if not every episode has building. There was so much going on in this episode and all of it was so fun! You having fun is all that's all that matters
You should call your megabase "Scarland 2: Electric Zoogaloo"
Scars fantastic zoo is a nice simple name for a zoo
Loved the Episode. I Wars waiting the whole last week to se the pop-up purge
Scar putting in extra effort beside the purge to make the paths and stuff....wait paths are how we ended up with a king last season  Also Scar its 1000% okay to not have builds every episode! The interactions are amazing and I love it :D
_"What in tarnation?  Are those butt cheeks?"_  🤣🤣🤣☠️
Loved the stand-off at the infinity glass, great compromise. you don't need a big build every video :)
#zooName  suggestion:  Rare Animal Care Sanctuary  aka  RACS  (= SCAR backwards) 😉
Etho’s glass shop is definitely a malicious compliance build.
I think ZooTimesWithScar would be a good parody of your name for the zoo.  “Scarfari”, as I’ve seen some other commenters suggest, only implies that there’ll be savanna-themed animals, which there obviously will be more than just. This is going to be a zoo with every mob in the game.
I like the interactions over building :)
A idea for the name 'Spectacular Scar's Zealous zoo'
Now i wonder if yall put the stock in the pop-up shops when you moved them.  It would be hilarious if hermits continued to buy from them
With Scar, a starter base is the first proper base of that person, whereas everyone else defines a starter base as a simple base.
Just hanging with friends is honestly my favorite content. Never feel bad for making it the whole video
you could name it scarzoo and sell kazoo textured goat horns
Scarfari? For the zoo name loved the video sooo much!!!
4:52 I can smell a war coming up..... * getting popcorn and beer *  Greetings from Lübeck (northern Germany) <3
The Jellatonal Memorial Scar-fari Zoo
scar you can do almost anything and it will be interesting it doesn't matter you didn't build anything 🙃
maybe call the zoo Scar's Caring Animal Rescue :D
Hi scar, I wanted to replicate those redwoods, what is the block palette?? I see terra cotta, drip stone, acacia stripped?
Zoo name suggestion: Mob Menagerie.
Really fun episode, don't worry about not building!
7:08 I'm struggling not to laugh out of my chair in the lunch room 🤣😂 Well done Pearl!!!
6:54 civilian shot by police for a nonviolent protest while said police go through and blow up small businesses that don't conform to new laws that explicitly favor large businesses, more at 8
Need a name for your zoo, how about “Roar n More”.
Scar!!! Your interaction with Mambo was before the pop up purge!!!
How about Scarloo Zoo! It’s decently catchy and it rolls off the tongue!
Skizz saying shut up and leaving had me lol
Maybe name the zoo Good times with wildlife or Scar’s menagerie or Scarlogical park (scar + zoological park)
How about --> "Scarhaven Wildlife Sanctuary" as a name?
Zoo name: Scars Zoo Emporium
Scar, don't worry about whether or not you built anything, we love just watching you have fun!
❤
Maybe call it the Pride lands. You know since your name is scar!
A shop you need to set yourslef on fire to enter and a magma floor? Is Zed trying to kill Scar!
Omg scar that was amazing and you had totems the entire time 😂😂😂😂
23:59  "HEY IT HAPPENED TO *GREE-ON*"  **war memories**
14:21 I can't tell if this is an _Epic the Musical_ reference or not
Man! This was a great ep! <3
I love the interactions ❤
The train is going to the zoo so the zoo could be called Zoo Station
15:40 -- someone pls put a cherry or dark oak wood button right in the middle, I'd cry
Mumbo's Shop is not a pop up shop! The mudhut is a real shop! Not big, but not a pop up one either!
Name for the zoo-  Scar's Sequoia Animal Sanctuary
Your idea of a starter base is my idea of a megabase. And your megabase is like a whole country to me...
The Scartopia Zoo
Technically you did loads of building, seeing those Shops didn't actually get moved ... You took em apart and reBUILD them.  Great episode. Thanks for being awesome.
I refuse to beleive that all of the Scar's fails are "accidental" or just "skill issue". Some of those gotta be made on purpose... Often times It's just too rediculous..
Jevin: “This is war!” Grian, not part of the conversation: where at?
Maybe the zoo could be called the Grand Times Zoo or something similar
It’s completely fine that this episode didn’t have any building, I love seeing the fun shenanigans that you and the hermits get up to! Thanks for being you, Scar!
Could call the zoo “Good Times with Bars”
You could call the mega base “the Menagerie”
Cosopop zoo
No building is Finneeeee, what’s not fine tho is no super fast build mode music…. If you can have that playing some where in your video I’m happy 😝 also you do know everyone is going to “shop” in the pop up shop grave yard hahaha
Any video you make is great! You are creating memories and having fun =)
Zoo Name: Good Times in the Zoo?
He's built more in that ONE world than I have in all my worlds put together.. and he still just casually throws around "starter base."
How about the scar city zoo
Scar can you build a fallen down red wood tree on the train tracks?
This slaps :)
The zoo should be cancelled SCARfari
"The great PP event" has to be a horn now
Farmers market stalls are not on the same level as a food truck.  Just saying.
Lmao at Cub's buttcheeks. It's totally fine to pace building out to avoid burnout. It was still a great video without any new building.
I didn’t mind the lack of building this episode. It was fun watching you get up to shenanigans with the others!
I’m always happy to see a new video from Scar because it means he’s feeling better!!
Whats the name of the track playing while scar is fighting the magic hands man in the background
A name for the zoo could be Scars Sanctuary <3
Did he just say "starter base"?
Love your videos always have and it may give you anxiety  but not building is perfectly fine just do you Scar 🫶
It's fine if you don't build! This episode was so much fun! I love to see your interactions with your fellow Hermits!
I think in honor of Jelly, scar could name the zoo “Jelly Jungle.”
Scar's Wonderful World Of Zoological Wonder
2:57 scar......
I was very confused
You did plenty of building this episode.  You built more pop up shops than anyone on the server!
Name your zoo (scafari zoo)
It's definitely okay that you didn't build anything this episode scar! I personally watch your vids not just because of your wonderful builds but also because of the chaos, rants, distractions, interactions, and all the fun you have in the server
Another great episode, I had a lot of laughs!! Always a great time with Scar!
I love the episodes that focus more on hermit interactions than just pure building!
lol is it okay that you didn't build anything? Dude, I am just here for the ride. It is always fun here!
The Redwood Sanctuary/Zoo? Not exactly a creative name, but I feel like it fits!
Scar You are the content not only your build !! Buddy WE LOVE YOU not just the buildings
the social episodes are some of the best, builds can come later
MOBPOLIS BECAUDE THE ZOO HAS MOBS
I have a name for the zoo "Scar-y zoo"
I think it would be funny if out of protest all the pop up shops just operate from the impound! 😂
You could call the zoo the "Minecraft Menagerie!"
Scary if you had fun your episode is a success. It doesn't matter if you don't place a single block
Starter base? STARTER BASE???  Scar! Please leave some building for the other hermits!
Flying into Cub,s butt cheek was so funny
Best episode in a while!! Now shove your insecurities in a box and hurl them in the river.
Gotta say I got HORRIBLE yhs flashbacks when scar called him "greeon" instead of grian
name it Scarzoo
Hope you enjoy and see you in the next episode! My Links and stuff: * Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=21298347 * Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/GTWScar * Twitch:   / goodtimeswithscar   * Instagram:   / goodtimeswithscar   *TikTok:   / goodtokswithscar   *Business Inquiries Send to: gtws@pbnj.gg
It there a tutorial on how to make those redwood trees?
Scar i got a name for your mega base but I don’t know what style you are going for so I can’t make a perfect name so i am going to tell you now “Scar safe zoo of wonder” scar safe is because if it is safe for you it’s safe for everyone
wait this is a starter base. how
This episode could be summed up as just being Scar Shenanigans and i love it! lol
Thanks for being you, Scar!
Scarland zoo
noo... not wolf street :(
6:30 I hope you collected the shullkers or etho would start a war lol
The Animal Scarfari!
Never mind the building! Your episodes are always great and having fun with the other hermits is one of the main reasons for that. Building can be done whenever, but the interactions with the other hermits, especially the spontaneous ones can't. While some people may think of you mainly as a fantastic builder, I think of you more as a phenomenally gifted, creative entertainer in that no matter what you get up to it's always entertaining and you always bring your endless creativity. Be that some fantastic building, pranking, playing out storyline things, or just hanging out and having fun with your friends. It's all as good as your building. Don't box yourself in by thinking you have to build something amazing every time. Your appeal is much more than that.
“The great PP Event for short” needs to be a horn
I enjoy hermit interaction way more than building so totall7 fine with me
Red Wood Zoo
I kind of want to see the zoo honor Jellie in some way. ❤
Choo Choo Zoo
Scar-assific valley
The zoo in MadagaSCAR was called Central Park Zoo. Maybe something like Mountain Park Zoo or a reference to the location its at
PEARL IS THAT GIRL!  The way I laughed when Scar got exposed by Pearl. 😂😂 Love it & a very smart move by Pearl!!!
Call it The Mine-agerie
i enjoyed all the interactions
10/10 episode bro ^_^ it was amazing seeing everyone together, instead of 7 days in creative test world solo, 3 days on the server in do not disturb, no need to apologise theres never a need for a 10-day input grind fest every episode, was a lovely vibe today <3
"I know, that's why I'm going to do it" in such a bored/flat tone. I only just stopped laughing XD
Totaly fine to have a social episode. Personaly i realy like em
Zoo could be 'Scartopia'
this episode has to be one of my favorites in just how many interactions there are in it, PLEASE never apologize for making an interaction-focused episode scar i love how it’s just chaos after chaos, event after event. i love how even after you deal with the magic hands man with mumbo, skizz shows up and we just see you three continuing to talk for a while. i’ve absolutely loved seeing interactions like those on stream where you’re all just hanging out and talking, and i am ABSOLUTELY adoring seeing it on video!! especially with the very elusive mumbo who’s never on when you are i know me and the other fans will keep saying it, but we do just genuinely enjoy seeing interactions between the hermits. it’s the point of a multiplayer server and it’s really just enjoyable to see the good parts of humanity and friendship even in the darkest of times in real life. maybe new viewers want to be drawn in by big mega builds but i will never ever complain about a just interactions video, and i know im not alone in that ❤
not this episode giving me dsmp ptsd 😭😭
Well, Scar got his revenge on Mumbo for the dolphin murders alright lol
You don't always have to build to impress us, Scar. Just seeing you have fun with friends is enoight.
every time you do a remix of a streams is never bad for me the builds are nothing to the hermits playing around i just cant watch it 14 times from everyone lol.... idk how to fix that lol
Scar needs to make a “Scarnival” with a bunch of games and tents
No building necessary, Scar! Your presence and enjoyment of the game are more than enough. You make me smile every time.
Mabye make a treehouse in the tree that looks over scarfari!
you should name your zoo "Scar-fari Animal Park" like Safari but Scar-Fari
The Scarland Safari
2:53 Falling out of chair :’) scarrrr!!  9:13  “This is war!” G: “where at?” Lol
sczooar should be the name of the zoo😭
It's perfectly fine, Scar! You have been building your booty off lately! Besides, tearing down and actually rebuilding all those shops and moving all the stock counts!
Magic Mountain Menagerie
2 aug is my dogs birth day soo its nice super nice day for 2 nice things.  my favorit streamer havinga new 3d model out and the Hermit shop Purge it nice.
Jev was not playing around 😆
Don't worry about it, Scar. You've built plenty, you deserve to mess around with friends.
Starter base???
most pathetic trap of the season award goes to xisumavoid.
Scar, it's perfectly fine to not build something every episode! Seeing you interact with friends is lovely. I would much rather see more videos from you versus holding back content because you "need" to have a build in it. 💜
Starter base is crazy 😧
Of course it's fine there was no building! This was a fantastic episode and I loved all the interactions and chaos! (Especially Pearl coming in with the receipts LOL)
Perfectly fine to not build anything!
Let's call the zoo Bootopia
Scar. Everything you do is always OK. We like you and support you no matter what, so take care of yourself and play this game the way you like.
What's the cheapest item on the server? ... ... ... Scar's head.
Her-assic Park?
name for a zoo: Timberland Zoo (can also be TimberScar ZOO), Evergreen Enclosure
I honestly didn't notice that you didn't build anything. I was just having fun watching all of your shenanigans
call it:  the scoo
The grate pp event 😂
I feel lied too there was no building!! Jk I love all the interactions you and Skizz are a joy to watch lol
Scar as poepoe--bringing order to the chaos in the shopping district Scar everywhere else--is the chaos 😅
18:54 "I'M GOING I'M GOING  I'M GOING" -  where Scare?! Where are you going?!
Scartopia! A Utopia for animals and animal lovers alike!
Bumfan135
Silly Scar — having fun with friends is THE point of Hermitcraft. 💜
Zoo name idea: Scar's Zoo of Magical Wonder and Mystery
hermit civil war 2?
you should have just played the song since you didn't build anything i like that song :b
Conductors Creature Emporium
Scar not building anything today is perfectly fine
Pearl. Bravo.
There's no search warrant lol
choo choo zoo
It is absolutely fine that you didn't build anything in this episode.  I watch for the community, not just for the builds.
Pearl really pulled an uno reverse on the Poe Poe
1:52 the great what???? that is for sure a clip for out of context video
We just like watching, Scar! You don't have to build every episode!
Hey Scar! Since youre planning to build lighting striking a tree I suggest you make it a bit taller than the others since lighting strikes at the highest points!
Scar flying straight towards Cub's butt lol
True be told Scar. Although I absolutely love your building. This has actually been my favourite episode this season. I love the interaction side of the server, so even without the builds, it is very much my favourite, so far ❤
I loved all the fun interactions! I'm so happy you included that silly bit dying over and over with Mumbo.
purgey purgee
The redwoods might be my favorite thing scar has ever made 😭 They’ve gorgeous!!
Just realized that Mumbo still has Grian’s waffle
SCAR CALL THE ZOO 'SCARENBOUROUGH ZOO'
I'm fairly certain that Iskall is just going to keep stocking his rocket shop from the impound 😂
you did build, a lot of popup shops. It was a fun episode.
Be gentle and nice to yourself. It was an amazing episode and building or no building, I was very much entertained! So relax and take a cookie, you deserved it! Also, I read somewhere in the comments the name 'Scarfari' and I ADORE it <3
someone please make the part around 10:00 into an animation XD
Scar you are like Gem and frosted flakes.
I know it’s not a very original name but; ✨scarland zoo✨
Good time zoo 😊
How about Scartopia instead of Zootopia?
the scar-fari
That's what happens when dealing with the hermits running on, well, different... social wavelengths, like Jevin.
"Chugga-Chugga Zoo-Zoo!"
Scartopia?
But like, if Gem is allowed to have  her Boat then Jevin should be allowed to have his boat and Pearl her trucks...just saying😂😂😂
the way i jumped out of my chair and and did a double-take when Scar pronounced Grian as "Gree-on" 😭  this is a "if you know, you know" moment
I love episodes where hermits are goofing around the whole time while still getting stuff done, it leads to great stories and I’m pretty sure most people agree with me when I say, the hermits don’t always need to be doing stuff all the time just episodes where the hermits are having fun and not building or doing red stone here and there are amazing to watch
How about "Terrestrial Kingdom" for the Zoo
Zoo name = Scarrasic Park
Mumbo is building an iron shop, it's just mostly underground since its iron mine themed
Ren build a fotbal.. not soccer
Th zoo should Sraccccc dagger zoo❤
Never apologize for having fun, scar! Sometimes a builder needs a break!
you could call the train the "Redwood Express"
Been waiting for the PPPUP! Poe Poe Pop Up Purge 🤣
I dunno, man.. that redesigned glass collective still looks like a bunch of separate popshops with no floor, ceiling or walls between them. The poe poe shouldn't be fooled by it.
Don’t “should” on yourself!
Probably need a bit of invis next time ye move an evoker boat
I love how so many scenes with the permit office crew has it raining/thundering/storming tha it's getting very thematic with them
I just need to say that ever since I heard impulse say the going AFK deaths story.... I've been unintentionally leaving my game AFK. I blame you. /s
Since we have already traveled through space for sand and gravel, we could declare the zoo a "ZOOpernova". 😁
I was about to have words seeing the Bone Truck in the thumbnail. Glad it got to stay
Scar Land presents Zootopia
Mumbo's shop is not a pop up!!
Name suggestion for the zoo; The Zcoo.   It’s so dumb, but I can’t help but chuckle.
You should call your zoo Scar-sburoe faire
A cool shopping district for season 11 could be a train going around the whole map with carts for each hermit and their product.
scar , you can maybe call the base Scartopia
You know zootopia? Scartopia.
as much as i enjoy watching the building process, it is the interactions that makes HC the masterpiece it is in my eyes. so, no worries, scar.
This episode was so much fun! There is nothing better than starting to hear "Howling" from the distance, but social interactions are really fun to watch too!  So you do you Sir, we will just joy the joyride ❤
scarzoobia
It was funny watching other hermits reacting to the redwood trees
Loved the episode,lots of fun.
For the zoo name, first thing that came to mind was "THE CHOO CHOO ZOO"... take it or leave it lmao
Scar reassembles half the shopping district behind the poepoe HQ. Also Scar: "Oh no, I didn't build anything!" XD We love your episodes whether you are building or doing shenanigans or playing with friends, it's all good!
I had a dream about you building a station back in like episode 5 do im happy there's gonna be one!
When will we have a stat poker episode?? 😃
What about ‘Scar-topeya’
Your voice is incredible!  This was super fun episode! Not every episode has to be about builing stuff, you gotta have fun cause we have fun with you! ❤
You having fun is the A tier content, the building is good too but not most important :D
Scar I ABSOLUTELY LOVE Those trees!! you should make a video about the process of you making your trees! cause they look amazing
The Poe Poe are more of a community service group than a police force
Everyone loves the hermit interactions even if it means no builds happen for an episode
Just a heads up, you put mumbos iron pop up shop in there but he's already constructing a new one like Grian is! So it doesn't need to be impounded
Scar, you're fine! 😊 Not building is fine.  It was a great episode, as always!
I’m curious to see who agrees with Jev, and who is on the side of the POE. In the replies to this comment there I will put the cases for and against each side. (If you have a point for or against either of them go ahead and reply and I’ll edit it.)
1:53 I sure hope nobody takes this out of context
I don't think Scar knows what a Starter base is suppose to be
Youve gotta call the zoo "The Red Wood Zoo"
15:45 WHY DID HE FLY RIGHT BETWEEN THEM 😭
The cars give life/movement to the shopping district.
No worries about not building anything. We’re here for your charm, not just your builds.
There is a 0 percent chance that Scar killled Mumbo on accident lol
acab
I thank my stars I have an addon that allows me to grow redwood trees from saplings, still not as good as yours, but close enough
Enjoyed the shenanigans immensly!
The fact that skizz and scar are the only reason why jevin started the rebellion is so funny, neither cub or grian think the shop is a popup shop, Jevin would have had no reason to rebel if scar and skizz had correctly evaluated his shop. Very entertaining though lol
15:49 funny how he went in to cubs cheeks for the transition
Dont feel bad at all for not building anything Scar, episodes filled with ridiculous interactions can be even better!! I also love the chaos that commenced in the "trap", there was laughing and yelling and sighing, it was great
Scar missed the opportunity to say they were executing order 66. (pop-up purge)
We “saved” Mumbo jumbo lol
You made plenty of content. It may not have been adding something to your base but the episode was great.
In the safari for the cars you should have jellie-karts
I don't even mind if progress build is monthly it is still fun
How about you name it the "Starter Base Zoo"
Maybe for the zoo's name "The Eden Zoo"?
Nice episode.
The zoo could be called 'Scar City' which can also be read as 'scarcity' meaning not many, which refers to the endangered and rare mobs that the zoo will hold.
Scar the name for the zoo is so blatantly clear I’m surprised you haven’t thought of it yet. It should be called “Scarfari Park”…get it it’s Scar and Safari put together cleaver right.
There's this scene in scary movie where an officers hat keeps increasing every time the camera pans back to them. I feel like scar's police hat is slowly getting bigger and bigger.
The Scar Diego Zoo
Jevin pulling a Hound Army to defend the layering of the glass is absolutely hilarious.
Just amazing.
You should tie the sneaky snails onto teh train tracks the next time they try to fool you >:)
The Scarengheti Collection and Refuge (or S.C.a.R.)
Maybe “Scar’s Critter Kingdom”?
scar is depressingly accurate police officer
Jelly's Magical Travelling Menagerie
Hi Scar! I got my Scarland book, just in time for my birthday too! Absolutely love it :) And I don't mind if you don't build, I love seeing the hermits getting together and having fun with each other
Bruh who caked up Cub
Maybe you could call the zoo "the choo choo zoo"
The train all alone in the beginning looked out of place… now.. wow, what an inspiration. Simply beautiful. Cheers!
Scar, if you are going to deliver an episode with that much fun packed into it, you definitely don't have to worry about overworking yourself to add a build project. The episode wad delightful and the ideas for build projects just give us something to look forward to.
You don’t have to build every episode, Scar. Don’t worry about it.
I loved this social episode! It was great!
Hermitcraft episode 22 “scar saves angry British man” 😂 love the episode and all of the interactions with so many Hermits, and now we have the trees to look forward to next time! Love this season so far
Such a silly and fun episode ❤ made my stomach hurt from laughing
It's so weird seeing dislikes on scars videos ... I don't expect everyone to like his videos (even though they are objectively awesome) but taking the time to leave a dislike on such a wholesome video is really weird.
Name the zoo “scoo”
Sir.Scar, you need to address The elephant in the room. The snail brothers - these criminals!!! - are creating havoc on the server for too long!!! This is a certified poh poh mission
the Mum-Scar death loop, priceless
Jevin starting a war? :D
You guys forgot about the terracotta shop collective that is still not in compliance.
The Scaramento Public Zoo!
Loved this episode.  It was exciting and fast paced.
Good times at the scarafri should be the name.
Scar Zoo Valley
I prefer interactions with the hermits over just building.  The building is great, but the story is what I'm here for.
OMG they impounded the lil boat XD XD
The interactions are what's making thus season so fun and memorable
The northwest hermit craft zoo
The pp event is my favorite name for literally anything
I feel like a Po-Po vs Black Market war storyline has potential
15:00 cant wait till docs hourglass gets a violation
I think X needs to take a break from pranking he has not had much luck, lol.
i do hope zedap makes a base within one of those redwoods to monitor scar with
I love to see interaction with hermits. No worry about progress :)
Hearing that this gorgeous build is a starter base is such a flex its crazy
ZooZar a magical place full of wonder and mystery and the Zar is a pun on both scar and wizard although there's probably a better pun
Call the zoo the “Scarfari”?
Yes scar its okay if you dont build anything i love seeing you interact with the other hermits
Not sure why but I keep thinking about calling Scar's zoo "The Jangle".
So excited to see the continuation of the big redwood trees ❤  alsoooo.. totally alright to not have a build this episode, having fun with friends is entertaining enough!
On the second, I woke up and literally thought OMG POP UP PURGE DAY  And then I remembered no videos about it would come out that day and was a lil sad
Scar being the richest hermit triggers my fight or flight response
Love the hermit interactions!  Not every video has to have a build, you guys having fun is the most entertaining part😊
A yes, the "great p.p. event"...
It is 100% okay that this episode didn't have a build. It is good for you to have fun with the other hermits, and probably helps prevent burnout.
Scar uploading on all the worst days making them bearable is the best thing ever :D
The zoo land
Zoo name suggestion: Scarfari Zone
“Scarwood Animal Sanctuary” instantly came to mind for the zoo name.
it doesn’t matter if you’re building things or just having a good time scar, we’re all happy to come along for the ride :))
Loved this episode! Lot of fun interactions with the hermits
Building or not your videos are always entertaining
Scar is low key cranking out videos
Wat was going on in Xisumas base? I'm completely lost.
You know what would be funny? Now all those shops have been impounded, you should hold a police auction. Sell them off to the highest bidder. Not the permits, but the physical shops and contents.
You could call the zoo ‘magic mountain wildlife reserve’
Rens soccer game reminds me of bookball from stampy
I would turn off airplane mode for this guy
as long as you have fun recording we will have fun watching scar ❤️
Scarland 2: Electric Boogaloo
👁 👍 😅 👌
its completely okay that you didny build this ep!!! this episode was so much fun!!
1:53 Scar i think you should rethink this name.
Zoolandia
This rebellion is 100% going to start into another war, and Grian is partly responsible for it.
You should name the zoo JELIES JUNGLE!!!!!
It was a really fun episode! No worries on not building anything
A fun catchy name you could use would be the “Whose Who Zoo”!
grion
scar: today we're going to get all these cool building projects done. also scar: proceeds to get nothing done at all.  these are the episodes i love ngl
Call the zoo scar safari
What is a soccer?
My suggestion still stands at Scarborough Fair/ Scar's Burrow Fair
Scar is officially the richest Hermit.
Oh man, every time I see a new hermitcraft video I get more and more excited about the world download for this season! All the beautiful trees!!! Mumbos, BDub's, and you scar!
It wouldn't have been Scar if he didn't call it "the great PP event" 😂
Good Times Zoo. GTZ
Not a name for the whole zoo but rather a section of it can be called the Scarhara zone.
You don't need to build every episode Scar! A lot of us watch for the interactions just as much as the builds. An episode like this doesn't need building because there's so much going on socially and that's awesome! Personally it's why I watch hermitcraft. Yes I'm in awe at the stuff you guys can create, but I love your interactions and friendships even more
You could name the zoo Scar Park or Scartopia
Ya know, we haven’t seen cOW in a really long time. If he’s lost or dead, can we name the zoo in his honor? It does rhyme. The cOW Memorial Zoo
Scar, it's okay if you have no new builds this episode. We'll always love you. 💕🥰
How about calling it "Scar's Zoo Illogical Society" as a wordplay on "zoological society"?
Zoo name suggestion "The ScarWood Zoo"
Nah counting Pearls bone Truck as a pop up shop really calls out Scars understanding of a build, especially when he calls his mega train project a *starter base*
TNT and scar with a flint and steal, what could go wrong ;)
Popo=Concorp/Convex/Conbutts
It was very nice to see you having fun with the other hermits! Not every episode has to have a ton of new builds, don't worry about that!
1:50 Scary Beasts and Good Times
Dont worry at all about not having built anything. We watch for you. The builds are like the ultimate bonus. Take your time.
Skizz just scrambling for words and just yells “SHUT UP” and flys off
Scartopia
Scartopia :D my contribution to the names ideas :) x
Scar you and your videos are just beautiful
In keeping with Scarland from last season, you gotta do Animal Scardom!!
If it wouldn’t be upsetting I think the zoo could be called the Jellie memorial Zoo or something along those lines
Maybe name the base to have it be a play on Zootopia. Craftopia?
Scarland: Animal Kingdom... it's right there
ahh the good old PP event is finally happening.........
Zoo name idea: the Sca-fari Adventure Park
Scar, just do what you enjoy on the server, whether it is hanging out with friends or building another masterpiece and we will still all love the episode, you have nothing to worry about in terms of that
A good name for the zoo could be the 'Good Times Animal Sanctuary' if that's not too long of a name! It would make sense though because it'd be a sanctuary for mobs in their natural habitats!
Absolutely fine that there was no builds. This episode was a blast!
9:17 grian asking where at as soon as jevin declars war is priceless
Just for the thought of it, I really would like to see could anyone move Doc's shop and how many boxes there would be 😁
Skis just lets jevin take your totem?
Call the zoo "Zootimes". As in "ZoodtimeswithScar"
Oh thank goodness. I thought you where gonna hold Grian's lack of finished shop against him. I should have known better, that's not how the Poe Poe rolls.
You should call the zoo the Scarfari! (Like @Zionity said)
only Scar could call what hes done already a "starter base," for probably 99.9% of people (except for some other hermits maybe) that is the mega base. his dedication is unmatched!  "The Great P-P Event" Scar, 2024 (horn it)
22:53 looks like Mumbo gets struck by lightning and dies
1:38  "Scar Zoo - Be Do"  Like a song.
Doc and the wood collective not stocking up, so they have to move the hourglass, would be epic.
Why do they keep calling it the PP event 😭😭😭😭😭
scarland 2: electric zoogaloo!
Jellie-stone national zoo
18:53 scar: i'm going 100x  *goes in circles* 😭😭
When building for the zoo, I’d suggest looking for inspiration from builds on the game Planet Zoo, from YouTubers like Ceasar Creates, DeLadysigner, BestInSlot, e.t.c... The Exhibits made by creators in that game are incredible!
lol Scar, why do you torture mumbo so?
yayy
Started watching in Season 7 and still catching every upload!
Scar is such a character I'd watch all his vid's if he never built a thing.
We all knew PP day was coming and shenanigans with you guys are always fun ❤
1:54 "The great pp event"  Yes.
PURGE!!!  Got to say, hermit interactions are the best :)
The zoo could be named "Scaribou Zoo" (for caribou) or something related to "Scarnivorous/Scarnivores" or the "Scaravan zoo" because it's a travelling zoo using the train
Scars "starter bases" are almost as big as some hermits mega bases😂
JellieStone National Zoo (reference to jellie and yogi bear)
"The great PP event" almost made me choke
Scar with his out of order clips 🤣  (Pop up purge happened after the vex incident with mumbo.)
Zoo Name Suggestion; Scar's Wild Kingdom.
Thanks for the inspiration scar! I have learnt all the building skills I have from you, I'm trying to recreate the red wood trees but I'm not able to make them as good as yours even with creative and world edit.. you are the best 🔥
Scar I didn’t even realize you didn’t build this episode with how entertaining it was, don’t worry about it! Your episodes are always amazing no matter what you di
You should call the zoo "Jurassic Scark"
Union Specific Zoo, a play on the train
Hey Scar, I think it will be a really great tribute if you could make a final cart with Jelly in it. Or maybe even a Technoblade one would be very cool.
Scarland: The Animal Empire
that mod that gives mobs better animations does not work with wolf armor
Now hey wait a second, did he take my idea of the lightning struck tree or did he make it up himself?!!
Omg this is the fastest I have seen a video
Name suggestion: Jellie Paw Paw Zoo ❤
The Zoological 'Scar'den
Scar be rich tho
the pop-up shop purge… the moment we’ve all been waiting for
NOT JEVINS DOGS
I like the name "The Menagerie" which means an animal sanctuary
I never expected the most chaotic hermit to tidy up the entire shopping district
The best day of the week is when Scar uploads.
I really hope he names the zoo Safari Scar's
The Scar Sanctuary
Zoo Name ! Redwood Reliquary !
Cluoo. Like Clue.  Its for clown zoo
The Scar Diego zoo, with real digital rocks!
Pearl the peace keeper! Though I am sad it didn’t resort to violence and chaos! 😂
I just did a pp event when I woke up this morning! Can I get a +2
scar can you blacklist the word "Today's Fact" so that the bots dont always camp on the comment section.
HI SCARRR!!!!! Hope you’re doing well!
"Scazoo" would be a cool name for the zoo, the sign could be a cazoo with your head on and you could make a shop where you sell those kind of cazoo's.
great "P-P event" SCAR...hahah tht caught me so off guard ..i was painting while listening..and had to put my pen down hahaha
The great pp event lmao
Name idea for the zoo: Scanimal Kingdom
The Good Times Zoological Park. Sounds really fancy!
Scar referring to this as his starter base kills me 😅 it’s the most magnificent thing that I’d never be able to do with hours of investment but oh yeah, “starter base”
Hmm yea very cool
Pixel Park Zoo, it’s the PP Zoo, just like the Popup Purge.
It has come
I still can’t get over the lovely redwood trees, they’re gorgeous! Also POP UP PURGE TIME!!!!!!
1:53 Scar.... The great P - P event DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT SOUNDS LIKE???
First
I really hope they saved all of Etho’s shulkers he had under his shop
8 minute squad-ron!
I have a name suggestion for the Zoo! And it’s SCAZOO! it’s a mix of Scar and Zoo, and it’s funny, it’s like a looneyToons sound and when i read it i think like of a funny 2D Kangaroo! And i even see a motto like “ SCAZOO the place where you live world nature too! “ (i know it’s boring but i think that it has some possibilities!
yess, early
your the goat
gotta sleep cause 9th grade starts tomorrow but i just can't stop that hermitcraft watching grind
I got here when it said 5 min ago!
Zoo name, Scartis!  (theres a dutch zoo named artis + scar)
Dude, Zeds shop kinda looks like The Red Velvet Keep!!
Zoo name: Calves and Hammies...references animals and your short shorts. ❤
I love you Scar, but it's in my nature to rebel against all forms of authority. I'm with Jevin.
The P-P with the Po Po
Scar’s redwood trees legit look like art on a canvas from far away
I love your videos!!! The trees and landscaping are so incredible!! You have done such a great job with you base!!
the name of the zoo should be "Scarland 2, electric boogazoo"
Here to support Jevin, the eleytra shop is not a pop up! Say NO to the POE! (You’re still a beautiful human Scar and we don’t deserve you)
He kept the name The Hermitcraft PP Event I was wondering if Pearl and Gem would convince him otherwise lol
You should call the zoo jellies joyfully jungle.       Rip jellie ❤❤❤
Here Lies The Pop-Up Shops 2024-2024 Rest in Pieces
1:54 scar... Did you forget the filter off again?
"Sorry, your shop lagged into my inventory"
Your builds are beautiful as always, scar!
my special interest is trees and im so excited to see the ones you built im vibrating in my seat rn lmao
Scar referring to this as a “starter base” throws me off every time😂
the great Scar-Fari zone
RE: ZOO NAME!!  Call it Ka-Zoo. And put a kazoo noise on a goat horn and walk around playing the kazoo. Because why not
Yay scar post🫶🫶
I can’t wait for the train to be finished! The base is already soo beautiful
Shop purge? Nahhh i’m here for the TREEEES!!!🌲🌳🏕️  Update: the episode was amaizing none the less even if the trees weren’t there, but after all it’s not a problem! It’s a 10/10 episode full of laughs!
Please make a fallen tree
Let’s go Scar!!!
I'm a Bruce "the Tree" stan
The Scarian Zoo!
You could call the Zoo something like the “Scarfari”
Zoo name: Scar’s scary animals.
Yesss scar! Pop up purge!!
-scar,I’m not sure if you’ll see this-you’ve been one of my favorite Youtubers for a very long time now, I love your humor and your builds and they look amazing, you’re such a great YouTuber because you’re amazing at balancing everything you do❤ you’re an inspiration to other people I can’t believe I made it so fast to this video!!! Really hope your builds look at just as amazing as you want them to!😄 I’m just really thankful that I get to see your videos and your joy and happiness in them 😮-it’s very exciting to logon and see you’ve posted a new video and I get to watch it Thanks
Hi scar!!  I totally doubt you’ll see this, but I absolutely love your videos and they’ve inspired me a ton.  Hope you’re doing well!
bazinga
Scar, I just wanted you to know how much you and your videos mean to me. Thank you for all you do to put smiles on our faces!
SO EARLY YES!!
See am a simple man. I see scar uploads, i click immediately
It’s always a good day when scar uploads ❤️
Not pearls bones truck😂🤣😭
Bye bye pop ups
Scar you inspired me to build a giant Forrest. Not as good as yours but im glad i did it, so thanks ❤
THE PUUUUURGE!!!!!
Let's gooo the Purge is happening o7 all Pop-Up Shops
Saved me from boredom🙏
it says uploaded 38 seconds ago. ive never been this early. these videos make me so happy thank you Scar <3
purge! purge!
the purge
Scars version of a starter base is everyone else’s mega base.
Just yay!
LOVE ur vids
Let’s goooo
GOOD TIMES WITH SCAR!!!!! MOST HANDSOME MAN WEST OF THE ATLANTIC
Polar Bears are great
Can you teach me how to build like make tutorials on those trees i have a world i could use them on
I just went camping in the redwoods all I could think about was the nature… and your Minecraft build 😅
Scar is one of the best builders i know
WELL HELLO SCAR
Hello goodtimeswithscar you can make the zoo in memorial of the life series jellie pandas. You can name the zoo JELLIE MEMORIAL: HERMITCRAFT ZOO
i will never get over how gorgeous the landscaping is man
yoo
ALWAYS A GOOD DAY WHEN I GET A NOTIF SEEING YOU POSTED🔥🔥
First
what a great thing to wake up to!!
The Purge is finally happening! Hoping for some bangs! :)
0 views in 46 seconds bro fell off
To see "30s ago" makes my heart so happy
29 SECONDS IN
another good time with scar<3
Rip pop up shops you won't be missed
For how ever likes this comment get u will do pushups
YIPPPPIEEE
I’ve been waiting for this episode. This is going to be epic!
Still dumbfounded that this is just his starter base
First?
Why hello there scar!
OMG 22 seconds ago??? I live in Australia I never see this happen ever! Love you Scar!
Wood
LETS GOOOOO ❤❤❤❤
It so cool
Yeeeeee!!
yay
Hi
Lets Go
First
first?
Today's Fact: The world's largest land predator is the polar bear, which can weigh up to 1,500 pounds.
love the video
