Hope you enjoy the random late night upload
6:37 YO TANQRR
11:56 the swear is toogoood
Lazer hey huge fan ❤🎉
im in school
Can you do a collaboration with Falimingo? If you haven't already😅
When he screams he sounds like knifey on high on life
I saw him  hacking pvb and says he sucks and jandel came
What’s the game called?
Seeing Lazar with Admin on Roblox is like seeing godzilla with a machine gun in gotham.
How about grow a garden
Pls man give script
Nah blox fruit have never gotten 2.5m
Nah blox fruit have never gotten 2.5m
Can I play your game
Lazarbeam Slay means kill dont say that girls says slay bestie slay queen
17:54 67
LAZER YOU CANT SAY THAT
14:08 rip
1:49 SWAMP IZZO
Obito… is that you?
🎉🎉🎉🎉
BRO HAS CONNECTIONS TO UZOTH THATS CRAZY
game name?
The amount of players games have been versus now is crazy
Why not play whit blue lock rivals
3:42  NAHHHHHHH
What’s the link to the game there I fake games
WATS DA GAME CALLED
W Lannan Neville Eacott
Lazar Beam.. Get ready.....to survive for trapping 100000 Players.......
Use code Lazar
1:03 its Marcus the worm
Is this bub games?
Hiiiiiiiiiii
How can unc get hacks😢
Why did you swear in the video
12:33 I don't think he was clapping...
13:51 idk
11:56 wat da hell
Nr im the 7 years old
Mimimi is my sister
Just close roblox
I like dandy world game
u should collab with flamingo
15:03  wait a minute... IS THAT SKUNK USERNAME?
end task, disconnect ethernet, power button
From India utrakhand 😅 0:19 0:19 0:19 0:20 0:20 0:20
Reset ur device to leave
the 700k he made was literally just from hazem 😭😭
Game name?
3:39 is diabolical 💀
67
Game link?
mobile player just exit like normal cool tho
Dandy's world in the start..
This is so messed up, what? God help you
Hazards old
at 3:41
Game name?
I saw you in Plants vs. Brainrot saying that I subscribed haha, greetings for your video
keep it up lazar ❤😂
Who came from the short
Seeing this guy not posting in October 2025 crazy
YUMM
BRIAN
What game is this
3:42 I heard what you said💀
his fiance feels like ai (prolly just me though)
ilsa
What’s the game name I may adk
Wtf is the game name bro
Can you ask the grow a garden devs for admin??
Go fight kingcollin the rage baiter
Oh my fortnite crossover gosh
Ngl I wanted to play dis
1:41 “YOUR FUCKING BALD NOW” got me dying 😭
You know it’s a good generation when lazarbeam uploads
Whats the name of the game please say it
WHat ThE DAmN hEll is THaT?!?!?!
10:46 for anyone wondering this means death
Lazerbeam do you Remeber Megan that went to your school
Bro what was the guys name on dress to impress💀💀"Free diddy17"
lazarbeam is the new flamingo
12:30 he was definitely not clapping 😂
67
1:42 that username is crazy . . .
3:41 hitting his what?
Stop bullying, seven year olds
BADDIES  FROM THE HOOD
20:55 - lannan literally became voldemort
lazar BEAN im dead aha
How are u always finding Devs Discords??
then came gag and sab
3:41 hitting its …
Lazar, try getting admin in ink game
Gojo is an anime character from jujutsu Kaisen
He can just ask Jandel and he’ll have admin commands in the most popular most popular games on Roblox
Could you keep this series going my favorite series
sorry about that kid hating on you.
Friend me my username is fxhxrottooo and 1v1 me in the strongest battlegrounds
💅
LOL
17:49 6-67?
Gojo is one of the strongest characters in the anime Jujutsu Kaisen
works XDD
3:41  😂
can i join your top tier esports clan ( LZR )
11:55 so true
3:41 is crazy 💀
Lazar finally playing the strongest battlegrounds with admin is truly wonderful
What
Admin is is the wrong hands…
G,day mate I’m an Aussie to but if you are Australian then name three Australian songs
Lazarbeam is my spirit animal lwk
you dont know who gojo is? Watch Jujutsu Kaisen if you like anime!
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS LAZAR ❤️
RIVALS
Oh, and I’m hitting it’s what did you say? 3:42
Ross is my last name
Why did laser beam say go back to school on 6:23 it got me laughing
Hey dude  it’s freakybob
6:27 just knowing your insults are making someone day can just ruin your day😂
assalamualaikum lazart 🗣️
Rip lazars robux the stupid and lazy tsbg devs just renamed th3 free moveset named kj at the time and made him pay 1m
“YOUR FUCKING BALD NOW!” 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
bro forgot the goat grow a garden
He played steal a brainrot today
12:19 worst background music
15:49 do u know what else is massive
8:25 IS THAT OMNI WOMAN
Pls collab with me😭🙏
20:29 this didn't age well
😢😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭I'm 8years old😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I miss playing roblox
Jandel plsss delete grow a garden and I'm sub and I'm fan  of grow a garden plsss I just delete may roblox
i know people kidnap but i still play evryday
Love the videos lazerbeam
Hi
That's why he was playing roblox in Sidemen among us😂 old man returns.. some Australian guy starts yapping
Already yaping at the start
3:40 hitting it's what...😮 (mom acc btw)
Who’s watching this after the schelp incident.
11:57 PRO kj
11:57  PRO kj
I love suporting small youtubers
u want admin in my game
Am I the only one who thinks LazarBeam sounds like the Hulk if he was Australian?🗣️
I can’t believe Lazarbeam killed Brian Griffin
I haven’t watched your channel in a year
W
It not copyright 13:27
Love ya lazar been watching for 4 years now ❤
Start 0:00  End 19:18
Already a banger
Bro skipped dandy’s world, dead rails, and another game
Never heard Ilsa swear😂
Lazar beam I don't have a dad but when ever I watch your videos you always make me laugh
Scribe to laser beam And use code laser in fortnite
59:57 best part
seeing lazar beam with admin on blox ruits with a flamingo shirt on is not something i thought i would ever see
FREE SCHLEP
my user name is erentttttttytt
hi
15:32 what
He should do this again with steal a brainrot
15:53 that's what she said
Lazerbeam you upload this video on my birthday April 6
U said l fisch 😢
Laser beam is op the strongest battlegrounds
Bro missed gag og ☠️
Yo Lazarbean
3:41 wtf
A laser beam that strongest Battleground game where that song plays is the anime cutscene is not copyright nearly everyone uses it
14:36 Thats what she said 😂😂😂😂
I haven’t seen u since u used to play obbys
I haven’t seen u since u used to play obbys
I haven’t seen a LazarBeam vid in so long😂 glad I clicked on this one
1:49 it to funny
I supported you in the item shop in Fortnite and I didn’t get anything😢
How does he have that
Is that tanqr  in rivals
Legit the best series
Can you get me admin and all the games, please❤❤
Hi in your code in the Fortnite item shop
Booo Roblox sucks stop playing just play ark god people are sooooo childish
Blr before Miro was peak
Not copyright music
7:36 lol saying Slay
golo is from jujutsu kaisem 😭
3:41  AYYYO
All of these were destroyed by grow a garden
what about grow a garden?
10:48 got me dying 😂😂
Yeah im 7
play steal a brainrot and steal all there best brainrots!
8:18
We love lazar
This is actually my fav video ever I can’t stop watching this I love when you fatify ppl lol
when you see lazarbeam with edmin commands you allready know your cooked
I was mostly here for the blox fruits section cause I like the game also uzoth commented? Fire
Hi lazar
Gojo is the strongest anime character
“i voted for”  Me: WOAH WOAH WOAH watch your mouth first if you want to make a political statement 👍
Live laugh love LasarBeam
Jesus loves you and died for your sins he conquered death  repent please John 3:16
why is ilsa high asf?
Purple skull trooper 😂😂
You stole everything from him he said why did you stole from my friend? I’m gonna tell Fulton.
LazarBeam, I came here to say why did you hack my friend on grow a garden😡
I have seen two flyer hackers on the gorilla King
Fisch😢
yo he tanqr in his ffa
13:13 bro play for two seconds and already had more kills than me
More please
11:03 don't act like we didn't see that
Do you know which game you just got admin character nobody gets admin or anything on that game and you are the most trusted person on there huh? Everybody is trusted except of you. This is just crazy. The strongest battleground owner giving you admin character that’s just crazy
play roblox squid games
Rip fisch
Watching this is fking hilarious knowing my 6 yr old nephew plays Roblox 💀
11:57 it means stoic bom
Ilsa vs sponge, 3:39
' i dont know what that means in japanese'
just so ilsa knows you press E when they are red health thats how you truly kill dont ask me how i know
New subscriber
í keep on having flashbacks of the spongebobskin
WHY SHE SAYS D WORD
Not lying you r the best Roblox player 😂
bring back mrfreshAsian
13:25 Lazerbeam that Song is called Dive it was made specifically for Tsb its copyright free tho so dw
pls i want robux lazar
Ilsa is beautiful
Every lazarbeam video with swearing be like
I’m late but day, two of trying to get pinned by LazarBeam
Bro knows everyone💀😭💀
lmao
Where is GAG
Use code Lazer
Whats the name of the game?
Play grow a garden and steal everyone's fruit
is that you fisch
I’m meut
BRIAN GRIFFIN IN TSBG
I love ur vids
Hi lanin
10:45 Nani???
cool
10:45 Laser beam walked in on the most brutal , kill animation💀
Please do grow a garden and bulky the little 🤓nerds🤓
0.3 laser I know you won’t see this but it is worth a try can you pls give me a fruit because my sister is flexing on me by having more money then me btw my username is pixieblair12323456 or chase
Do grow a garden
This guy whould be traumatized by grow a garden
Grown a garden
Grow a garden chilling with peak 21mil
unc is back
Look at 3.41 ...
am i trippin? how did he get emilia clarke to say use code lazer???? & where can i find this video?
"the world if full of haters.....and it makes me feel incredible" LMAOOOOOOO
Bro I can’t stop watching Lazar videos to good
Use code Lazar
he could have had so much fun with grow a garden
Hi😊
Lazar try to play steal a brainrot with admin commands
fortnite is dead bro, move on....
Hey lazar i just wanted to come here and honestly express my disappointment of what i’ve just seen. I tried to watch a stream by you called like lazar and lachy duos or smth becuase fuck it would’ve been nice to watch because you’ve always been the goat. then i saw i need to pay for it. we’re taking the piss.
Will you ever play madden for a video again
Lazerbeam, I am extremely good at blitz royal my name is LikeCheetah2410
13:36 😂
Mate you need to upload more 😠
1:41 i thought family friendly
Code: lazar
12:00 😭🙏
15:54 🌚🌚🌚💀💀
lazar make more vids pls
Nah I just imagine his next Video if Being an admin in Grow a Garden 😭
What I’m a little kid
Play Bedwars daddy
Bros begging  for likes LOL
Stop saying🐃💩=shit or I will shit on you lazar
Gotta use code lazar so lazarbeam could continue doing these.
Day 1 of asking lazarbeam for for 500k Robux because I lost my account 😢
Yoooo!!! I love the content man!!!! KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!
Hey laser beam I’m a big fan and I was wondering if you would like to maybe share some of the robux you have with me 🙂 sounds stupid but remember sharing is caring.
Translate your channel to Arabic 🥺🥺🥺
Most more gng
Ahhhh  10000000000/10
8:27 2nd place name is crazy
Good content
Bruh that person means YouTubers 😂
Pls come back
You fight your laserbeam you edit it and you said laserbeam on it and your face
Now you're fucking bold now 🤣🤣
Lazar beam can i have 200 dolars for a bike i subscribe ❤
its been 6 years but im still waiting for the "lazarbeam gets good at fortnite series" (lazarbeam becomes a sweat)
Donate to Ryan's fundraiser for Saint Jude and 1 up lufu
UPLOAD PLEASE I AM TIRED OF WATCHING BAD YOUTUBERS I NEED LAZARBEAM TO LIVE
Pls bring back I am bred with lazarbeam
and use code lazar
hay lazarbeam i use your code on all my Fortnite accounts
6:44 yes only by a little bit like 1 point
I love beans 13:36
LOOOOL
pwease collab i'm super duper famous! i pay high [$2,59] and ill give you a 10 piece nugget with 11 pieces from mcdonald  [not kidding]
What yall feel about green beans
Isn't it crazy to think, if lazars membership is one dollar every month and let's say every single one of his subs is a member, that's 23 million dollars a month 😮😮😮😮
Pls I beg you can you play bloody playground
I got banned from rivals cause my account was hacked
ido not speac chiness but it porb say you got fucked on that got me so so lughing iliterly cry lol
2:03 sumo wrestling 😂
3:41 ayo
Laser can you go back to Fortnite dumbshit science please please please I need you to you are my literal hero bro
how much robux do you have
0Kills the next second 80kills😭
Lazar beam got triple dark blade befor gta 6 and Enyu
The fact he still has the same pfp for 5 years 😂
Yo lazer pls bring back photo shop battles bro it was my favorite series u did pls bro
Jeremy
I love admin coments
Lazarbeam I’ve been watching you sense i was 9 and my 17ty birthday is in 31 days can you say hi to me it would be a dream come true
Hey I really liked your video and i think you would be perfect fit for a collaboration of our product. Have emailed you all the details. Looking forward to hear from you.
I think its normal For youtubers to get admins or power in a owners game because in exchange its like a free promotion ...
guys i dont trust him
Elizabeth can you give me stuff and grow a garden
@Jack-qf8hj
3:40 never expected her to say that lol
"Not me , my cheating is fine"
Do grow a garden
Could i place a request that you try hell divers 2 at some point You don't need to but I think it could be funny
This is the kind of video I love to see! Just uploaded my own spin over on @JellyPink-j5o 🦋
« The world is full of haters , it makes me feel incredible » best line ever
Please play more DTI Make so many videos on it make 20 minutes make 20 hours
gime mor mjutejsons robloks groa garden all 15 min
HOW ABOUT SEND THE VEDIO NOW Î WANNA WATCH :)
好看👍
Guys use code Lazar not er it’s ar
Thank you for 74 subs 🎉🎉🎉
Lazarbeam I looked up your age but I’m 20 so your 10 years older than me
LazarBeam, I hate you
wat abot grow a garden
Lazar is a scary man with admin commands… 😂
14:37 i wish i got admin in fish❤lazer your a goated youtuber
Aww hel nah
Where’s round six?
Day two trying to get laserbeam attention so you guys need to use code laser
I got perms banned on fisch🫩
8 bill visits in grow a garden 🥀
You should start streaming Roblox some more
Ayo fortnite man
2 years ago more like 7 vids ago
Bro Stop Or Popular Games Will Have Fail😭-
Jit i would be shivering if i saw u in my game after this
bro could u upload already its been 2 months
Flamingo would be proud
I hope your okay Lannan and dont listen to the ignorance of the internet i hope you and your famliy are doing well 💙
Dwag drop
come out of retirement
What is roblox ... weird
I did not know u played this bruh😂 (The strongest)
The cussing
Seeing Lazar playing grow a garden before gta 6 is crazy
3:41 hiting what😂
3:41 ayo
Dont say going to hell#
i can’t find this video
Can I get robux
Who noticed tante at 6:23
Nice hoddie 0:12
lazar has came out of retirement 69 times
HARRY POTTER IS DEAD 20:57
When are you gonna make a new video?
0:03 DW DR BL
Pls Make a chapter 6 season 3 meme olympics🙏🔥
I know the kid in Rivals is unsubscribing
upload more often :)
Hey lazarbeam can you make another minecraft series there are many updates and bosses loved the first series plz make another one 🙏
Smallest Jason buff
LAZAR BEAN LETS GOOOOOOO
Lazarbean
Use hacks in 1v1 with every gun please
2:30
LoL 😂😂😂😂
smyw
Lazerbeam vs. 100 gorilla.         Lazarbeam won
The days when Grow A Garden wasn't on the front page.
Can you give me some stuff in Grow the garden
LOL
This was an amazing video I remember the old bully videos and they were amazing
Come back lazer!
15:12 POV: Americans fishing to get a whole school
Lazarbeam.  Last time I played Fortnite, I decided to wear your skin, and it helped me 100% clutch and get my 1st crown win of the season.  This is why Lazarbeams a W💯
these games are nothing to grow a garden with 8.4b
It isn’t copy righted since they literally bought the music for the game from the original anime Kj who is a red stickfigure
GROW A GARDEN
ITSSS SOOOOO BIGGGGGGG, pause😂
lazarBeam you got 23M subscribers congratulations and also can you post more content
this tuff
Rip fich
Bro forgot he was famous😂
i have meet the owner of Fisch nice guy sadly do not have him added
Why don't you play homefront:the revolution? Its better then this game fr and it costs no money too look cool bruh~
Laserbeam 1v1 me my name is Stryker14 ice
Hi
Play grow a garden
simp  i respect it
He was not clapping for you look were both of his hands are 12:25
What happened to fresh
1:11
/11
11
Play grow a garden
best couple ever
Not that much it mean stoic bomb
Hey can we 1v1 in the strongest battlegrounds
8:35  Why is no one talking about the dudes username, crazy work
Hey lazar beam! I’m going to aus on Wednesday! I’m really hyped and on Thursday I’m going to movie world. If possible can you please come I’d love to meet you. That’s if you’re still in Aussie. Please reply if we can make plans. I’m really excited. Have a good night
Remember me
U should make a vid abt grow a garden it had 16M+ people playing it for 1 update its the most played rb game of all time not just rb but of all time. Do us Aussies a favour and play it will u mate c’mon🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
I am bored with lazarbeam
I love lazar beams videos😂
Grow a garden has joined the chat
Play grow a garden
Why are you curse now, bro I used to love your videos
Why are you curse now, bro?
LazarBeam, we are bored when will you watch TikTok?
Can we get one last photoshop battle post?
hhow bro make money doe?
peak
FLAMGO 18:36
I feel bad cuz he dosent know that the devs worked for 8 months to make that copyright free music
yo you forgot to use infinity ability in the strongest battlegrounds segment
Use code: Lazar
My favourite game strongest battle grounds
3:40
I was born in 2017
Please do lazar vs 99 bush campers
Ou should do grow Á garden
try Tdx!
Do cissorz 2024 deathrun
So true
Day one of begging for free merch
At 5:58 not kills its points I just wanted to point that out for everyone
bro just spent 100k robux on kj
Yoo Lazer do watch blues and maroons and which team is your favourite 😊😅😅🎉🎉❤
Lazer beam what’s nexttttt
Day one of asking to be added by every famous Youtuber My username is a nightvex
Who else remembers his football content
11:56 😂
ty for the disco
I bin sub in your video for  8 years
Laser got no mo beam💀
Hi Lazerbeam. I am a huge fan of you. In the pwr office I’m pretty sure of somewhere in Sydney and my dream is to meet you and any pwr members and I think that we can do it because I live in Victoria and I think we can do it. By the way your vids are the best  From Bigbadbrods
Didn't you tell jandel to run disco
Pls more the strongest battle grounds
Have you ever played blox fruits with your life on the line ?
Yo lazarbeam I have more money than you in lawn mowing simulator
Use code lazar
Dit lazerbeam just swear
lol get blahhhed
The god needs to come back😢 we miss you
what happened to tha game and the video for it
Do grow a garden next
Congrats on reaching 23m subs im proud of u im not a fan of u but i have heard of u keep up im 14 i sub to u but i dont watch ur vids i watch just fnf stuffs so have a great day of ur good life as a youtuber
Can I please join😊
Can you convince Nosniy to game me admin and tell him I won’t admin abuse. (Please) (username:bluegluesam)
YOU HAVE ADMIN IN RIVALS!!!!!!!!!!! NICE
He’s never going to upload again
Gojo is an anime character from Jujutsu Kaisen
Laser got not no beam
Get back on old school runey ya bogan. Get 99 slayer
Yo Its me😂
What ever happened to your son Fffrank ( the little ginger bread)
I want you to know i discovered spicy stuff from you
Hope u make a new vid soon man.
i love u lazerbeam❤️
hey lazar can u join my friend godofrage16 on his birthday it is on aug 11 btw USE CODE LAZAR
Lazar  beam should Callob with Albert
12:02 this made me die bro I died of laughter 😂😂😂
Lazar pls add me my user is Weezy2point0 u saw my friend godofrage in fortnite u deleted the short
UNC too old for ts 🥀🥀🥀
Hey lazarbeam I love what you do and keep it up
Play the game I am bread
grow a garden missed💔💔
Laser beam playing grow a garden admin running disco was crazy
so you just don't put the part where you do a disco event in Grow a garden
12:02 lazarbeam said something funny
did you ask the grow a garden devs to disco bc there was one and they said you asked them to do it😂
We all saw you on grow a garden lazar we know your next video
BRO HAD ADMIN AT GROW A GARDEN WHO LET THIS GUY PLAY A DISCO😂🎉
It's been 2 months upload bro😢
You laser beam thanks for the disco in grow a garden thanks so much
Thanks for the disco
Thanks for the disco lazarbeam
Bro he was in grow a garden he sent messages and made a "disco"
Lazarbeam thx for the disco from gag
HELLO you fried a creator grow a garde
Thank you lazarbeam for the disco on grow a garden😊
Bro ty for the disco party
WHEN IS THE GROW A GARDEN VID
Thank you for the disco request
LAZARBEAM IS MAKING GROW A GARDEN VIDEO
DISCO?!, NEW ROBLOX VIDEO BY LAZAR BEAM
Thanks for sisco
LazarBeam did you told an admin to put on the disco mutation in grow a garden
Thanks for the event 🎉
Thanks for the disco  i like and sub
Thanks for the disco
Who came from disco event
Appreciate the disco
True
thanksss lazebeam for asking jandel to disco in grow a garden can you ask him again to disco please 😅😅
Bro  thanks for the dico😂 lazerbean
i know ur next video its going to be grow a garden.. dont ask me how i know..
Thanks for the disco event
Jandel(the creator of grow a garden) just told us to subscribe to u bcuz u told him to run disco🎉
anyone online on grow a garden 10 mins ago would know the raining tacos event he made the admins do
Ty for the disco event in grow a garden
lol bro wanted jandel to run disco
Hey lazarbeam jandel said to me that i will subscribe to you 😊
Salamat sa disco shoutout po
Thanks for disco Mr lazer
I didn’t get a disco plant mutation during the disco party that you set up in Grow A Garden. What a shame.
Thanks lazar for what you just did in grow a garden
Hacker when I was on grow a garden I know you hacked me and my cousin because it said subscribe to LAZERBEAM like. Every one try it out
thanks for the disco cutie
thanks for the disco
THXXX FOR DISCOOO
Bro did you tell a grow a garden admin to make a disco happens because it happens to me and then I subbed to you
Thank you for the disco in grow a garden
Thank you so much for disco lazar  sub to lazar!
Who camed to sub to lazarbeam after the disco event in grow a garden
I’m kind of curious what that would do to the servers😈
I’m kind of curious what that would do to the servers
Laserbeam, can you make the admin of grow garden do every event at the same time?
thank you laser beam for the disco event
Grow a garden
LazarBeam, why did garden say LazarBeam made through the disco?
LAZARBEAM THANKS FOR DISCO IN GROW A GARDEN
OMG TYSM FOR tHE GRO a GARDEN DiSCO Event THaT WAS MY first ever disco event experience
THANKS FOR THE DISCO
U just made a disco on gag
i got here because of jandel
LAZAR TY FOR THE DISCO BUT I GOT DISCONNECTED 💔💔 BTW IMA SUBSCRIBE BECAUSE JANDEL SAID SOOOO
Thanks for the disco today
LazarBeam, why you said that to the owner of grey garden he literally just told me, bro
Thanks for saying to grow a garden  to have a disco because I was at the event  tyyy
Why u ask jandel to run disco lol ty tho
TY LAZARBEAM FOR MAKING A DISCO EVENT IN GROW A GARDEN I LOVE YOU
?? Ông này liên quan j đến grow a garden bây cho cả disco
ERM WHY DID U MAKE IT DISCO TIME IN GROW GARDEN🤣🤣🤣🤣
next video your playing grow a garden with jandel.
Summon more disco in grow a garden
Thanks for the disco
THANK YOU FOR THE DISCO EVENT
Gg lazar
thanks for the disco unc
Lluvia de tacos?
I guess I’ll have a disco what ever
W I got disco
Did you make it party in grow a garden?
He’s doing a grow a garden video!!!
thanks for the disco
Thanks for disco :3
Grow garden owner is the best YouTuber😊
Tysm for the disco in gag!
W disco
thanks for the disco hahaha
Here I sub bro when you told me to sub to you
Girl garden owner
Hi tysm for making me a discord account.
lol disco
Girl garden owner
thanks for disco -lasercannon- lazarbeam
Bro I just saw ur admin message in grow a garden a couple minutes ago😭
LazarBeam is the worst
After what you did in grow a garden i might just watch you again
Thanks for disco
LazarBeam is the worst
EVERYONE GO TO GROW A GARDEN THERES A COLLAB WITH LANAN
Tysm for the disco in grow a garden
W LAZERBEAM for disco in grow a garden
Why in grow a garden you write subscribe lazarbeam And then there's the disco
here from Grow  a Garden
THANK YOU FOR DISCO
Thx lazarbeam for the disco❤❤❤❤
LAZAR BEAM W FOR DISCO IN GROW A GARDEN
Who is here bc of the disco in grow a garden 👇🏽
Tyy for discoo
THANK YOU FOR DISCO🙏
WHO CAME HERE FROM GROW A GARDEN?
WHAT DID U DO TO GROW A GARDEN I STARTED DANCING
U MADE GROW A GARDEN DO DISCO TYSM
thanks for the disco event
Lanan did u js pay grow a garden to do a disco 😭
Thanks for the disco bro
Thanks for the disco
Did you request jandel a disco?
I come from grow a garden 😂
DISCOOOOO LETS GOOO
Let’s be honest we all came from grow a garden
THANK YOU LAZERBEAM FOR THE DISCO
Thanks for the effect of disco!
Thank you for disco
Thank you for disco
Thx for the disco in grow a garden
w disco chat
W Lazarbeam for the disco
Why did this guy make the Grow a Garden devs make it disco?
Thanks for the record!
Thanks for disco
Thank u bro for grow a garden
Thanks for the event disco new fan
Thanks for disco
Woi disuruh komen sama pak gm
THANKS FOR THE DISCO  LAZAR
Thank for the disco
blud get off of grow a garden
thx for the disco
Yay disco
You made JANDEL disco
ty for askin jandel for disco
Thx for disco
Thanks for the disco on grow a garden
TY FOR THE GAG DISCO
Next vid is Grow a garden btw
is bro on grow a garden rn 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Make more Roblox videos
Dam i am late
Can I be in meme olympics my username is deetee2088
hey lazerbeam i am trying to make gta 6 for you if you want i can send you the file
im in june and grow a garden is comming
It's cool when you have 20 million subscribers. They give you an admin panel in the most popular games in roblox!
PLEASE PLAY GROW A GARDEN
Hey later, my friend da say that they are gonna stream snipe you on your next live stream on Fortnite tournament or smth, so be ready hehehe
Lords say that ilsa is still playing DTI to this day
I think code lazar should sit down when compared to the immaculate code pear.
Bud doesn't know who gojo 11:42
Bro skiped brokhaven
Hey laserbeam, whatever happened to the video game that you created used to talk about it all the time but now you don’t what happened to it?
code:1117-4790-6379
Necesito doblaje para este Video 🥺
Also liked
Everything
Limiteds
My limited
Lazar THE GOATTTT!!!
Man I'm just really f'n sad my fav guy left the platform. I watched you change and disappear into the new era of social media. Streaming, ig. Whatever it is you do now. I'm sorry man. I can't stand to see the notifs anymore. I don't gotta say anything you know how it used to be here. Shoeies and all.... I'll miss ya brother.... ❤ thanks for the memories
The making everyone bald got me
Hi lazar beam. Just wanted to make sure you know that you are loved, and cared for by everyone. Just making sure you know that and remember it forever. At the time I am making this it is June 3 and it is men mental heath awareness month, I hope you are doing well. If you are not doing well talk to someone, you have millions of people that can listen and help. I really do hope you are doing good and you have a great day.
Play rebirth champion ultimate
Will you friend me
You look like Lego peice 2550c01
Deltarune tomorrow
Murder mystery you can see a white box if you if you slip the if you slip into one
She killed meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 🤓 I’m not bad she didn’t even have admin
Bro the worm actually looked like you back in the day getting mad on fortnite actually it looked like me 😎😃🍳😆😅
My fortnite name is chickN2423 or when you search it up it will come up with pwr alexbotx7  I will change it to the best YouTuber in the world is LazarLazar only if you add me the Australian goat 😎
I have nearly watched all of your videos you are way better than peterbot and everyone should use code lazar in the item shop and subscribe to LazarLazar and LazarBeam I’m Australian like you Lazar please see my comment💩🐓
Hear me out… we all want a subreddit vid
I really wanna be a YouTuber. It’s my dream job. How do I become a YouTuber?
he has kj what the hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bro is Admin and Gojo in Public Strongest Battlegrounds
that spongebob skin is an absolutely BEAUTY
Put the kangaroos in the bag bro
Please give us red dead redemption vids❤❤
2:05 literally atack on titan
Please start posting again you are my favorite youtuber i really miss the fact that you posted everyday 😭
1v1 me on the strongest battleground who wins gets the news emotes username reestntr
Lazerbeam my friend Carter called you gay so on your next video can you call him gay 😅
5:46 come from behind and dominate😂🎉
Gojo is an anime character who is crazy strong
Yo lazarbeam go try to get hit by a meteor in og Fortnite
Jesus loves you
0504
I am a Australia
lazerbeam i a bordddddddddddddddddd nedd some tiktoks now!
make a video where you awnser your fans calls
can i meet you im you biggest fan my profil picture is fake
2018 was the beginning of the decline of Lazarbeam content and halfway through the click channel when Bazz left is were he fell of completely. Selling out to Fortnite and MrBeast. Even the failure of his own video game. It’s a shame, and now I hope he’s happy, all family friendly with no backbone, you see I used to be subscribed to this channel, that was a long time ago we’re talking years ago, during the Kingdoms and Castles Era; and the UEBS Era and all those other games and even the photoshop battles, that was a while back and I don’t think I ever will again. 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈👌😎😎😎🙂‍↔️
On the strongest battlegrounds that characters free😂😂😂😂😂
The music wasn’t copyrighted and the devs made sure
bro I miss "I am Bored episodes"
Lazarbeam I am grinding to unreal by your stray doing nothing mate you should do it again for chapter 6 would be so cool to watch keep up the good content mate
I love you lazar beam ❤❤❤❤❤
19:01  “YOUR GREEDY👹👹” *Proceeds to vaporize*
Can you bring Klombo back please
this guy sold his soul for ad revenue back.
Today 6 years ago was the day I first started watching you Lazar. I still love your videos keep doing these videos. Love u Lazar!
👁️👄👁️
I miss the old videos back when his videos werent directed towards kid games, like the old photoshop competitions and reaction videos or even going further back to the random vlog vids of you doin dumb shit for a click.
Bro lannan made ilsa disappear like my dad
he forgot grow a garden lol I love lazar  he never fails to be funny and make my day
Dear Ken Carson,  I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing to express my heartfelt gratitude for your music and its profound impact on my life. As a devoted listener, I have found that your music possesses a unique ability to awaken my spirit and invigorate my soul.  Your captivating melodies and poignant lyrics have a transformative effect on me, transporting me to a realm where my emotions are heightened, and my senses are enlivened.  Each note resonates with an authenticity that is both empowering and comforting, allowing me to connect with your artistry on a deeply personal level.  Your music has been a constant source of inspiration and solace during both the triumphs and tribulations of my journey.   Whether I am seeking motivation to pursue my dreams or seeking solace during moments of uncertainty, your songs serve as a guiding light, illuminating the path ahead with hope and resilience.  Moreover, your unwavering commitment to honesty and vulnerability in your songwriting has instilled in me a newfound sense of courage to embrace my own truth and share my story with the world.   Your authenticity is not only refreshing but also serves as a reminder that it is through our imperfections that we find our greatest strength.  In essence, Ken, your music brings me to life in ways that words alone cannot capture. It transcends boundaries and speaks to the very essence of what it means to be human. For this, I am eternally grateful.  Thank you for sharing your talent with the world and for making a profound difference in the lives of countless listeners. mself included. Your artistry will continue to inspire and uplift for generations to come.  With deepest admiration and appreciation.  Thank you Kenyatta Lee Frazier J
What happen to    Fresh
We miss you lazarbeam…
You need to react to WWE
11:57 Something tells me that it means “stoic bomb”, but not sure
Play subscribe to the girly pop squad❤🎉
LazarBeam is the honored one
rip willeh ❤❤
hey just wanted to stop by on yt for you lazar really miss the vids and miss hearing the old lines in the videos
Bro 💀 🎉
ts lokey not good
Hay beem do you know what ever happened to Joogie pls tell us on vid I need to know
Took a 6hr nap from ts
Pls upload
i just want to help my lttle brother
I know your cousin
for 1,000 dollers i want to help my little brother because he has down sin drum
lazar i want to 1v1 you in fortnight
WANTED⭐️ IS IMPERSONATING YOU
THE NEXT LAND OWNERS
Get me off the fackin train
3:41  your what?
bro  u gotta bring back the learning channel vids
11:17 your character is a mix of Gojo and KJ the strongest characters in the game
It’s already been a month?
I can’t wait till he trys grow a garden
10:31 lazar plays tsb 🎃
lazarbeam. there is a game that average 2 MILLION PEOPLE ACTIVE
Lazar pulling out a shank in a fishing game
About grow a garden
Why haven't you posted in the whole entire month
Is laser beam dead?
Lazar beam should p2w in grow a garden lol
Play Gym Star Simulator
Hey lazarbeam video idea. Play grow a garden in roblox and steal some kids fruits
Hey Lazar, I would like to dare you to try to win a Fortnite game by staying in the air for as a long as you physically can!!!!! good luck
SEEING LAZER BEAM IN ADMIN EVERY POPULAR GAME IS CRAZYYY
i love it when he trolls in roblox
The real cheat is the upload schedule
Where is your dog 🐕
Why doesn’t laserbeam post anymore?
I whach i very vido you made and i uea code lazar
Can i meet lazar
I just hate you laser beam
Laser beam is a bully
Even though lazar uploads every 4 months the vids he post are peak🥴🥴🥴🥴
Show some love to your real supporters man. Ik you famous now. But some of us been here since your madden 15 ridiculous challenges, when you had only a few thousand subs or less. Wild how far you came, I used to binge all of those 😂
Rip WILLEH my bloody goat 🕊️🕊️🕊️
BATTLEFRONT 3!
Rip to Willeh
What happend to gday gday or Goodmoring you bloody legends
You should do a new tabs video
I came back to say you were a big part of my childhood and I’m sorry  for your loss with willeh
Like may not have been the best time in the YouTube space but I remember when he couldn’t even cuss but still pushed thru it all all the demonization for US
I REMEBER RANDOM SHIT FRIDAY I REMEVER THE VLOGS THE AMAZING AMAZINGGGGG VLOGS I was still in elementary watching all of that I’m 19 now and I always end up back here just remembering how it used to be and I need that back
You sede dig
Rip willeh
kolom = int(input("Voer het kolomnummer in (1-8): ")) rij = int(input("Voer het rijnummer in (1-8): ")) som = kolom + rij if som % 2 == 0:     print("DONKER VELD") else:     print("LICHT VELD")
3:42 had me rollin to australia
Been here since madden days 🙌🏽 can I get a shout out
Do you keep these powers?
You are the best YouTuber I've ever seen in the world
I just subed to lazar
Lazar play fortnite Galatic Battle fam 😂😂
Rip willeh
He reminds me of Trevor In gta 5😂
Rest in piece willeh I’m always here for you lannan I remember the first video with him 😢😢
I'm 7
note lazar trying to screw up uzoths entire life with one political statement 🙏🙏💀💀💀💀
Hope your alright sorry about willeh
Was the second place person in dress to inpress the first round omni man?
rest in peace willeh ❤
Can you plz do the Minecraft series again? On a new world. It would be so fun to watch!
i forgot you existed
So worth it!
RIP Willeh Chains 👇🏽
Lazer beam must never play gym league
You fell off…
Rip willah
Why haven't you posted any Fortnite videos for the star wars season? I thought you were a star wars fan
I'm so so so so sorry about willeh. Just know he's always there. ❤ sending love
Omggggg🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡
Rest in peace willeh 🙏🕊️😇
Is this a sign to gamble?
NO WAY I FOUND MY TWIN
🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡🚡
LAZAR DO A VIDEO GETTING EMPEROR RANK ON FORTNITE BY NOT MOVING
LazarBeam GTA six is coming out and if it has online, you can finally do the me Olympics again GTA six edition
yo lazar what happend to joogie
You are a bully
when u gunna upload again?????
Do you still stream
Thats how kj 4 move came from
Are you a bully because you’re a bully kid? I am a kid.😠😠
Sheesh
Bro wth you mean Batista stop trying to hide the fact you beat John cena at wrestlemania
You should play fragpunk
Did you know that right now you are no.1 in box fruits
majestic fr
Lazarbeam needs some original content, I'm not saying that the content he has rn is bad it's just been repetitive, maybe some vlogs or something, but keep doing what your doing if you want, no harm no foul still love you beam❤.
WTF is that username 1:42
Ahaha
You’re one of my favorite Australian Youtubers so can we try playing a game together?
lazar, i will not stop trying until i got one post at least every 2 weeks from you. your my favorite youtuber, and i know life is moving on for you, but it sucks, having to wait a month or longer to see a new video, and i have already seen every video ever uploaded by you. pls more vids
Lazarbeam is bassically the reincarnation of flamingo for those who know flamingo😂
Is he alive?
15:48 Massive?
I play strongest battlegrounds
Yo lazar try Dead Rails
Dude i still love ur content, but u kinda fell off
Oi lazarbeam, why are you privating old good videos whats up with that
Troll more kids please 🙏 🤣
He was admin and bullying kids
13:36 lazar Bean
Bro skipped dead rails
Hey, why don't you spend 10M of robux like before and I challenge you to play Battlegrounds or Fear?😂😂😂
Whever replys is gay
/Kala way better
That's how I feel when I first joined the strongest battlegrounds everyday I immediately get beat up because I look like a noob😢😢
I play that 10:33 😊
unc play grow a GARDEN
11:40 lazar is such a unc 😂 and you can’t punch the shit out of me because this is a comment MWAHAHAHAAHA🫵
I want admin 😢
It doesn’t matter when Lazarbeam uploads it always gonna be good
Lannan pls feture willeh
thanks for the monthly update lazar!
Lazarbeam please you make good videos just make some fortnite videos its been a month please lazarbeam i support you
1 Corinthians 4:20  For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
He really did the voldemort laugh
Please post again it been a moth your my favourite YouTuber
On fortnight
Lazarbeam ranked has changed 3 new rankings
Why you never uploaded
10:48 when he turned his head back it genuinely looked like AI😂😂😂
Can you give me rbx?? Pls?? Iam poor
To be fair its lazarbeam
12:18 was my favorite moment ngl, that "RIGHT THEOUGH THE FACE" got me
Yo
half of blox fruit players are bots
I wish you done dead rails
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
11:43 its not gojo but abilitys from multiple charecters i think
@LazarBeam when is the starwars meme Olympics coming out
when lazarbeam uploads you know its gonna be a good day!😂😂👍👍
You are inappropriate
Play Blox fruit
Lazarbeam I just bought your Fortnite bundle and I used your code lazar can we please Collab?
U noob can not also play dead rails test 😂😂😂😂🤭🤭🤭 buly is not good person because ur bold 😂😂😂😂
lazer should just make his own roblox game at this point
I’m sorry, but you need to be posting more
I used code laser beam
LAZAR PLEASE PLAY DRAGON BLOX PLEASEEEEE
U r my favourite YouTuber i aspire to be like you i even got a mullet and im 10
Did he die
Why is this man always shouting? Hes not talking, hes shouting...
6:17 yo that not TanqrR
He’s back Lazar with admin on Roblox is crazy
when is the reunion of father and son?(lazar and fresh 🥒🔨)
lazerbeam pls like my comment ive been a subscriber since 2020 im a big fan
Try trolling in blockspin ppl will be soo mad xd
Bring bodhi back
I got an ad of a fake pvz
I'm going to beat you if u don't do another photoshop battles vid, been too long
We’re so back
Lazarbeam play new Fortnite season
Um actually u have in I think... But still 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝
Bro I do not care if I have to wake up at 4 bro I will wouch this man😂😂😂
Why does this guy never upload anymore?
Bro got a custom moveset in tsbg
People who came because aid to see he’s picture on the wall👍
Me and My Friend Fought Jakevfla The Top 1 on the leaderboard bro we almost beaten him 💀
I’m surprised adopt me isn’t here😂
Tell rival devs to unban J0Baby l
You should do more I'm bored
Whas that uzoth account beacuse it have dragone talone
6:24 that is my friend in second
Bro like Brian griffin from family gay😢
U forgot blue lock my boi
Kid: Hey it’s LAZAR BEAN. LAZAR: did you just call me a bean. LAZAR continues to beat the poor dog😂😂😂😂
Bro look at 10:46
Bok
Checkout the new fortnite season @LazarBeam
The OG  dress to impress was fashion famous
Give me some robuc
Bros account is gonna be Banned for 5000 years after that
Star wars fortnite season came out, CHUG JUG is back
Bro remembered his youtube password 😭😭
so no ones talking about how he said Blox Fruits is not p2w
God bless you, John 3:16, John 14:6, Revelation 20:10, Galatians 5:1, 2 Corinthians 3:17, 2 Timothy 1:7, Philippians 4:13, Exodus 20:1-17 Jesus is King and He is LORD praise Him and Him alone, repent of swearing
So skibiti
Infinite yield solora
I shared it tickled my butt check giggled it felt really good so I did it again ❤
UZOTH!
Poor backon
legend!
Slide me those commands
Rivals the goat
only true Lazer beam fans can like this comment 😂🤜
Bro 💀 🙏 3:40
Please keep making fornite videos I always use star code lazar when I buy v buck
I just realized the terrible truth   Lazarbeam is turning into fearless 😢 Please don't leave us lannon
9:48 😭
what happened to fresh
Lazer is the 1st Jeff the evil.
Day one of asking LazarBeam for 1,000,000
You should play tsb for a full video
2:28 you have something most these kids will never have. An engagement and a fiance with admin controls on a roblox pvp game
Pls play blue lock rivals
Is that airrack
WELL I MENT PLAY IT AGIN PLEASE 😊
Can I have triple dark blade
I Love Rivalssss!!!!
Uose cod lazar in Fortnite
Lannan , do you reckon I have what it takes to be a good YouTuber?
Code Lazar to support when buying Robux
15:53 that's what she said
Hello mate nice day for fishing ain't it
Took 15mins to find a video for my food and finally got a good 1
We need a collab with flamingo where they both have admin
LAZARBEAM i hope you have your own battle pass in fortnite
12:16 jesse pinkman sound
Rivals is the goat 🐐
15:19 my favorite fish.. the second amendment
play battlefield 1
So I’ve been watching you since chapter 1 of Fortnite ,Somehow, you haven’t changed one bit, and I love it
From when you said that you dont know gojo i hate you
20:55 voldemort laugh
watching lazer playing tsb is peak ngl
I was laughing so hard when that guy called u lazer bean LOL btw big fan ❤
the nessie more like the lachlan monster
in bf do /opfun
good job for mentioning Game Of Thrones
Him setting himself at the top of the leaderboards i always knew they were fake to a degree but not like that smh
You have a moveset The owner of tsb made it
Stop the shit with the no uploads 💅😫💅
From the beer to keys to car to the tree where’s my license there’s no need always drama when I speed
I know u won’t see this. But, thx for being goofy and entertaining. Always find myself watching your videos when I want to ignore the harsh pains from life’s present futures. My cat died, lived 12 years and my family wants to love me but they get mad over things I don’t understand. Cause I’m socially discombobulated. So thx, ur videos r funny as hell and entertaining. More Roblox videos plz.
Use cold laser
Let fucking goooo he fucking back baby
15:52 that's cazy
12:01  NAHH
PP
lets get this comment pinned and faved to get my 5 year old bro his first robux!
3:40 hitting what
Lol
Bro really said I don’t know what Gojo is 😂😂😂
Gg
Once i saw dragon talon i knew instantly it was uzoth’s account
The music is not copyright, but welcome to the strongest battlegrounds
Lazar your the best
Like this commemt if ur a sigma
Bro you say you like Star Wars play Battlefront 2 it’s the best game ever
Haven't watched u in a min
spend money in bubble gum simulator infinity
10:48
Why haven’t you posted in 3 weeks
Why haven’t you posted in 3 weaks
Pov: the most over powered player in tsb quit after getting 187 kills
23:44
I am hate on lazarbeam
Do more Minecraft
Can you play Battlefield 1 again
Do you know, Neil the seal?
4:40 what did she say 💀
gojo is anime character from "Not" The strongest battlegrounds gojo is from a 2020 anime called Jujutsu Kaisen
3:41 …
You need to play schedule I
no no don't touch me dare
How the hell
12:01 it means stoic bomb
11:57 I’m suprise he knew it was Japanese. Huge respect to you lazarbeam 🥹👍👍
Only The Strongest Battleegrounds would make u play for Admin.
Use code lazar
I can't imagine playing roblox and running into or seeing Lannan... like i'd literally faint. Love from Africa Lazar ><
seeing lazarbeam swear is crazy
He has truly summoned all of the roblox youtubers
2:05 mission impossible
Guys use code lazar in fornite and roblox too
yes sir
I am offended that blue lock rivals wasn't in the video
Crip and a killer bee
Lazar I ❤ ur videos it’s so funny 😂. use code lazar everyone! and I’m subscribed !❤
Lazarbeam please reply
WHY DID YOU DROP KICK MEEEEEEE WADDIDIDO
10:38  I LOVE THIS GAME
2:00 POV:sumo restlers 😅
what a bloody legend
Hey lazar I know you won't see this but I've been a fan since the original video that you bullied kids and it be my dream to play roblox with you and even just seeing you in a game would be the thing to happen to me I hope you see this but just know I'm the biggest fan
that one kid thats 100% 8 years old saying you need hacks to win lol how does bro not know who lazarbeam is XD
Me fortnite name Mehmeteren7411
Lazarbeam play me fortnite me good
Lazarbeam a love you
😂😂😂😂
can i have lazerbeam pc pls pls pls pls pls it’s so expansive to buy a pc
WAIT YO MANDOTHEMEAACE US MY FRIEND
i played blox fruits when it averaged 5k players i watch the game go up
I have the rarest thing in fisch it’s a banana you can get In ancient I’ll in 1 sea
I need fisch admin thats just crazy.
Baseball, huh?
İshowspeed
İshowspeed
İshowspeed
İshowspeed
İshowspeed
Lazarbeam play ishowspeed fortnite
THE AUSSIE LEGEND HAS RETURNED TO MY FYP YEAHHHHHH
LAZAR PLEASE PLAY DRAGON BLOX ON ROBLOX AND DO A SPENDING VIDEO ON IT
😂
Admin in rivals before me
plssssssss hack in dead rails
pushing 30 btw 🥀🥀
18:11 NOT PAY TO WIN WELL U SEE: PERM FRUITS,MONEY FRAGS PAY FOR EVERYTHING U MADE ME ANGRU
What happened to Mr fresh Asian
10:20 "i am a 7 yr old but congratulations" 😂😂
yes
Bro sounds like Lachlan when he laughs 😂
he literally uppercutted everyone to the top of the leaderboard in fisch
5:11 bro has the pump and dump
5:45 your gonna what?
Bro you are so funny
fun fact his powerup took 30 seconds because of your infinity move slowing them down
W LazarBeam
here to promo my twitch channel also watch this BLOODY LEGEND
11:05 I love how he didn’t get admin commands the admins just scammed him for $1k and gave him the best character 😭
This was strange
You should try to get to unreal without moving in ranked reload
the way my jaw droped when he siad 2 years ago...
petition to make LazarBeam the most Aussie man on planet Earth. Reply with "Croiky!" to sign.
The infinite ability in strongest battlegrounds makes players slow-mo when your near.
I miss the Minecraft days
You know lazar beam, do you miss techno blade?😢😢
Hey lazar you’re my favourite YouTuber anytime I was sad. I always watch you. You bring joy to my day. Thank you for being an awesome YouTuber.
lazarbeam love your vids
I know you’re scared of heights
3:29 hitting its what??
I burnt my toast watching this video
Yes
3:41 that was a bit random but ok-
14:06 MY FAVORITE GAME>:)
We need more Roblox games
13:26 Dont worry the song Isn't copyrighted :)
the rivals bacon u decimatedmade me subscribe
He didnt do blue lock or Danny’s world
Lazer glazing ilsa is crazy
11:11 oh ye lazarbeam, why would anybody wanna spend millions of robux on a character on a game, pfft……
Im convinced lazarbeam just doesnt age
Where is i am bored again... why can we not have it again it was funny af
NAHHH BLOX FRUITS NAHHHH
Good video
3:50 crazy
Bring back  I am bored  Welcome back to I am bored with lazarbeam
EYs girl😢
Love these videos
return to minecraft with hardcore🙏🙏
Im a fan
Omg uzoth
3:40 what did ilsa sayyyy
11:05 strongest battle ground owner/admin is so greedy unlike every game they made him pay 100k robux for admin commands
10:47 10:48 w video
Please can you make some more Fortnite Content?
love the vids man keep goin and could you do another becoming Unreal without moving                                                              SIGMA BOY
Banger vid lazar
this stuff is so funny and so good
8:15 exactly what I do vote everyone a 1 star except for mu cousins when we play
Use code: Lazar
lazar small chance you see this but you gotta play schedule 1
Error 455649 i know your display name rip_68
What happened to world boss
Video idea: sped thousands of dollars on steam keys trust me it will be fun 🗣️🦅🦀
Hey lazarbeam, can you upload more please, no offense but before this video,your last video was 1 month🙏
I was once in your old video
Yesterday I was watching Lazard old videos doing this exact thing not knowing this vid dropped
Nessie can I have a normal nessie please
Lazar please give me robux.
Ww
oi lazarbeam can i have £10k. i want to get a stark varg. cheers man
Play the strongest battlegrounds again it,s fun to watch you play it
W VID
Invite me in Fortnite Hugoshuggy
Lazer you should play dead rails and try to win it
You should give me 1 robux
I need to get off the train
Bro really said blox fruits isn’t pay to win 💀 18:10
Lazar..... Mcreamy is retiring 😢
Petition to bring back Photoshop battles👇
W LasarBean vid🔥🔥🔥
I love you
18:06 cap😊
18:07 cap
Mutton
I’m sorry I put the the rolling iron emoji
DANDYS WORLD MENTIONED
Lazar, how is your Holden UTE?
Kr
I was at my sons wedding I quit because lazarbeam vids are better
yh
"i have a gun in a fishing game" - LazarBeam 2025
Dear lazar, i hope this message finds u wel, can u unban me in fisch pls hehe, thank you <3
7:00 not 7m 1.7m
Do you know the adam
This is hilarious 😂
Hey Lazarbeam, I love your content—your videos always make my day. I just wanted to suggest adding captions to your videos so Deaf and hard-of-hearing fans can enjoy them too. It would make a big difference and help more people be part of the fun. Keep up the awesome work!
Ladies are haven’t been on for 12 days but use code laser
bro is the new flamingo
Were is fresh
play schedule 1
play schedule 1
play schedule 1
10:45 welcome to the strongest battlegrounds lazarbeam and 13:28 at this time bro thinks roblox is not a kid game
W
Can I have some roubux im subbed with noti
Great !
Lazar got Beam!
Yo it would be really cool and funny if you challenged yourself to make ten million dollars in gta online (Without sharkcards)
unc came out of retirement
Bro finally posted
i took him 2 roblox years to record 23 min
Do Dead rails pls
Your like flamingo but Australian
Guys be honest we all want to see lazarbeam to do strongest battlegrounds PvP with those powers, make this top comment
No flex but i killed uzoth with out a admin killwr combo hehe
Wait why didnt you high light dead rails:(
No I meant I can teach you how to play
You how to play
Can you pleas play forsaken in roblox I will teach and btw don’t make fun of me because I use  iPad  and I’m good at the game
@lazerbeam what happened to fresh..
Hi..D 0:09 0:09
yo game really flopped lol
“I forgot I was famous” - Lazerbeam
100k robux is insane
To much adds
JOSH DUB🙂😊
Where did ftesh go
Where did ftesh go
Where did ftesh go
🙃🤣
55
Can I have your account?
0:04 someone will probably see this comment now cause of the timestamp
Where is gojo domain expansion in fighting battleground
lazar beammmmmm
I am bold
Blox fruits has the world record of most players on 1 game at a time with 2.6 million players
W lazar
Should watch one piece
Has anyone realized he looks exactly like his dad with the old filter
try out "Eternal Towers of Hell" pwease
Hi can I get game pass in arise crossover because I am student ❤ XxJITUTHEBIGGUYxX
TSB IS CRAZY
I mean my name Is ytharry00
Lazar can you add my please me name is ytharrry
lwk wanted to see lazar beam play blue lock rivals
Weird how he just asks to be a admin and actually be's one, maybe i can do that?
I am from aegentina i am support your videos and you
PLAY MINECRAFT AGAIN PLEASEEE
Use code Lazar❤❤❤
Can you please do another Photoshop battle?
Use code lazar in fornite item shop
YOU GOT SCAMED IN TSB
Watch u get on blox fruits and pl start fluding in giving u fruits
8:25 2nd place username
Rivals is my favorite game!!!!! Let’s go!!!!!!!!!!
HE FORGOT DOORS WITH 5B VISITS!!!!!!
5:02 I can’t be the only one that immediately saw sell out
They just charged lazarbeam 100,000 robux to have a renamed character 💀   Smart way to make easy money tho
yo lazer where is fresh 😢😢
Looooooooooool
Hey, hi, I want to ask why in the strongest battleground Is there a picture of you on your avatar? You'll make a collage wow, if so, thank you for understanding.
22:06 they need to make like a cutscene when an admin uses ban on someone ngl
13:24 the owner hired ppl for that music :)
Use code Lazar
no matter how long it takes for you to post every video you make is always a banger
Lazar, play schedule 1... you wont regret it
lazarbean
3:42 why did she casually says that😭
13:37 haha
HERE'S TO LAZARBEAM HE'S TRUE BLUE!!!
11:58😂😂😂
You should try get admin powers in bee swarm simulator
15:35 Aint that Pontyboyy
5:45 is what I’m gonna do later
💀wtf
btw blox fruit updated once in 2024, they be doing anything but updating at this point
bro i was the one who killed the second time
Anyone here in 2025
2:14 congrats guys wish all the best
9:04 geometry dash type music
Like this comment if Lazarbeam should buy and spend 1 million Vbucks
Bro, I always use admin and the strongest battlegrounds
Brother song is not not copyright
Bro has his own character in tsb
Is he gay?
unironically the person who made tsb went out of his way to get the composers of the ost for unlimited flexworks in the kj series to make a song for the move in game, so i dont think it is copyrighted
Bro got triple yoru before senpirates
I kind of missed the Roblox content
i don't know where I remember this from but I remember you playing a game that was about destroying stuff in roblox
1:02 😂😂😂
bro is a menace
play dead rails
Hey lazar beam can i have that nessie please my user is jacob140064 ((: love ur content keep it up :D
be happy someone paid 5m to get it
Bro fell off
Bro has invinity 💀💀💀 in TSB
I’d love to see you play r.e.p.o especially with the SDMN omgg
Please do a dead rails one next
amaizing video and nest video play dead rails plasa
MY NAMES KAHLEESI HELP AHH
Lazer still making videos You love to see it ❤
love it
18:31 u are dating
Lazerbeam is the best Who agree  👇
Why did laserbeam. Curse?
now i understand why lazarbeam was in awkaening avatars
Maybe upload more vids idk
9:59 pov voting in China and North Korea
tbh i thought he was gonna get admin in dandys world, but if he did i’m gonna love the shotgun kissing my head:).
tbh i thought he was gonna get admin in dandys world, but if he did i’m gonna love the shotgun kissing my head:).
Lazar beam I am from Australia 2
Laser you should do this again but play five nights Tower defense it’s very fun and has a lot of in game  purchase purchases with Robux your favorite
CONGRATS ON 23M🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉!!!!
Lazarbeam playing the strongest battlegrounds is smth i didnt know i needed lowkey make more content on it you'll love it so much🙌😐
Ilsa’s voice is so annoying 😅
Slide sum fr fr 🤑
bro paid 10k for a charectar alr in the game and tit does have 1 tap move and invincible
Jurassic Park
Oh lazer why don't you go back to fornite
13:36 lazar bean😂😂😂
I love rivals more than fortnite
BRO ACTUALLY SAID BLOX FRUITS ISNT P2W
22:00 HE'S GONE, JUST LIKE HIS DAD
lazarbeam is the next flamingo
Bro become the next roblox administator
LazarBeam, I’ve got your whole bundle on Fortnite and I stay up past my bedtime watching watching your videos please give me a shout out on your channel ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Lazarbean😂
Pls make more roblox vids
Pls play died rails
Swear everytime I click on your videos bro I gotta watch a few hours worth 😂 your awesome and hilarious!! I'm from Coffs Harbour land bro keep making madd content for everyone to enjoy 🤟🏾
he said one day he will rule roblox and now hes getting closer and closer
Dandy world is peak but the fandom should just disappear
hi
Please more Content
Lazar is a absolute legend he is the youtuber
Bro admin in roblox
10:21 If you are surpried how can a 7 year old chat is they faked their age
LAZAR ME (MIMI/MIMIOZILLA, MINI, BUCKAROO, AND WNNWNWNWNNWNWNNWNWNWN WERE IN THAT SERVER AND BUCKAROO PLAYED WITH YOU AND I KILLED YOU IN RIVALS D:
Lazarbeam uploading makes me want to fucking cry😢😢😢
More wanted content !!!
Back then: adult bullying roblox kids Now: roblox kids bullying adults  0:30
You genuinely made me laugh harder than I ever have
I’m a big big fan of
Btw lazar the strongest battleground owner gave you that moveset cause he’s your favourite YouTuber
Of course the game he gets distracted on is the one where you get to beat younglings in epic cinematic ways😂
MAKE FORTNITE VIDS AGAIN!!!!!!!
The unlimited flex was coll
not fair he got that tsb moveset😭
Hey lazar posted
i think its time for Lazarbeam to take back minecraft.... need a new series
Lazer you should add me or give me robux fr fr
Fella
The music wasn't copyright in the strongest battle ground
Did I see didlers word?
Fresh upload
Lazerbeam make another Minecraft series please
During the Strongest battle ground, my headphones were low and they said battery low at the perfect time i heard "All i am now is a BATTERY LOW"
Lazar with admin equal better than everyone and no one can beat him not even god man and bro was using kj but he is better
Pls make more strongest battlegrounds videos
1 minute is wild
PLAY DRILL DIGGING SIMULATOR THERES A LEADERBOARD WITH MOST ROBUX USED YOU WILL LOVE IT
i call you to 1v1 in rivals but fair not hacks and admin comands difficulty loadout standar wepon ar handgun fists and grenade name is 100LEVELINRIVALS if you dont want i win
Part timer
Lazer beam can I add you on fortnite
Rip_legend was me
13:37 (did u just call me a bean)
L the strongest battleground making him pay 100,000 robux.
and kj talks chinese
bro they renamed kj to lazarbeam
Lazer can hock me up with some Robux
Haha
kinda explains why the actual hell Lazarbeam is in tsb bro
So like, when is the wedding and please let me come.
Invise is goated
who is gonne tell him dat ge just got scammed but tbs?
Lazarbeam is still in his prime
Hi lazar
old man WHATSUP
could you please play dead rails??
8:26 I love how second places nickname is free P diddy
Lazarbeam IN TSB ROBLOX??!!
Lazer beam can you pls go back to the minecraft series there's a bunch of new stuff and new bosses
I love how many people begged uzoth for dragon
Gabagoo
21:15 brother i couldn't control laughing at this part, Well played Mr Beam.
Bro he doesn’t even know what the game about and just messed around while not knowing anything about any moves in the game
his girlfriend is very annoying
❤
Have you guys watch the Lazarbeam show?
I need job in sydney. i am international student
1:03 the worm like thing
use code lazar!
use code lazar!
18:06 wild
so THAT'S why tsb has a lazarbeam awakening outfit choice
Lazar pls give me perm dragon plsssss my user is john107120 plsss dragon
Can you upload more i love your videos but you barely post anymore
blow fruits overrated
Bro didn't censored the D word
My favourite game 14:12
RobIox
3:40  the sponge bob yeah i was him one time but the girl was a metal box 😂
Where's the blr 😭
i shat myself when i saw spongebob
Jesus loves yalll❤❤❤
Seeing him on any game means you are cooked
So that's why Lazarbeam has a awekning outfite
"The world is full of haters, it made me feel incredible"  What a quote from lazerbeam
crazy how bro said that blox fruits is p2w..
dude u got scammed
11:45 an anime character
LAZERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I am 8 and dreass to express sukss😂😂😂
Next time u should play dead rails pls 🙏🥺
20:56 nah what is that Voldemort ahh laugh
MAKE FORTNITE CONTENT BACK AGAIN
Wait dead rails lol
Pls put blue lock
You’re supposed to be brutally shitting on them cracked me up😂😂😂😂
12:00 he just roated him
My friend is in the video hes the patrick in baddies
His name or user name is selloutstreamerbtww
Please play blue lock rivals
Gv me know what to say
Do another I am bored
Play blue lock rivals on Roblox
GET ME OFF THIS TRAIN
13:38 did you just call me a bean?😂😂
𝕾𝖊𝖛𝖊𝖗𝖑𝖞 𝖇𝖚𝖑𝖑𝖎𝖊𝖉 𝖎𝖘 𝖎𝖓𝖘𝖆𝖓𝖊
I love you lazarbean you Australian legend 👑👑👑
𝕯𝖆𝖒𝖓 𝖙𝖍𝖊 𝖘𝖙𝖆𝖗𝖙 𝖔𝖋 𝖙𝖍𝖊 𝖌𝖆𝖒𝖊
12:37  I already knew about the lazarbeam move set bc of outfit awakening
Flamingo doesn’t even get those kind of commands
try block spin
Hey laserbeam do you want me to teach you how to play strongest battlegrounds and blocks fruits?
He needs to more admin commands he should get them for mm2
12:06  reminds me of that one scene form Deadpool 2
3:41  new ilsa faze
We love watching Lannan bully our local kids. 😂💀
Can you add me I’m Goku😊😢
Did you used to be in PWR
PLAY DEAD RAILS
⚸
Lazar
Funds low!?
The inner nerd or geek is just showing right now while in strongest dattlegrounds and mainly because gojo isn't a hero the sorcerer from jiu jitsu kaizen most characters are from One Punch Man he's just the admin character that everyone gets in their private servers when they buy the pass like KJ that was made free for an event
This is so funny😂😂😂😂😂😂
Bro sed igo i heard you need Jesus
13:25 KJ moveset
3:40 I’m hitting it’s Di-
3:40  got me dying
crazy how lazar a fortnite youtuber yet his most popular video is a roblox video 😭
The beams back!!!
seeing lazar gettin shit on by kids always brings back memories
never bring a fishing rod to a gun fight☠️☠️ 15:07
is it pay to win if you work for money so you technically worked for the commands
do i return to blox fruits`?
The creators of Blox Fruits are insanely bad scammers
Let’s goooo
Lazarbrams 30 yars old
W
how you get admin in rivals
cAn sOmEbOdY hElP mE
Impersonate command
Oh yeah the
Flamingo huuuuh
Based on one piece blox fruits so i played legit no robux
15:52 that’s what she said
I know fisch tsb blox fruits
Anime tsb
Im saying the swear words your saying
I use mochi mochi no mi its dough fruit i used to use hito nito no mi which is buddha fruit
YOU KNOW MR FLIMFLAM??!!!!!!????????!!!!!!!
Your famous 23mil subs
Tsb owner is making a fucking moveset for you
Tsbg update leak?
Wild
Help me please the guy crying
With v4 ghoul race
lazarbeam im a big fan  I use ur creator code im subbed liked and ur icon skin is my main skin everyone of my friends call me lazarbeam bc i always use ur skin pls reply its my only thing in my bucket list
I love blox fruits im max lvl
adopt me’s top player active was 1B before
omg 11:58 is actually so funny
I love these types of videos
wont see bro for another 6 months
15:18 AWWWW NO FAIR
My goaterbeam  with another banger vid😂😂😂😂
wtf is the crack on the wall?😭😭😭
bro stop cussing
They shouldve done admin killer combo on lazar
i really enjoyed your Minecraft playlist and would love if u could do another one as there has been a lot of new updates
Lazar playing blox frutis would massively help it reach a larger audience
Blox fruit not being p2w is just cal
6
I subed in 100 accounts for this
BRO ITS KING VON
You're fucking bald now got me😂😂😂
Flamingo walked so lazarbeam could run
Under one week gang 👇🏻
ngl i feel like lazar has had22.9m subs for pretty long
Play schedule 1!
ur awsome
lazar ur my fav youtuber you make me laugh and i always enjoy ur vids
3:41 insane work
11:28 was me
Bro really says bean
Use code pear
bros gonna be flamingo 2.0 if he keeps doing this
Coc? 7:24
If u touch my rivals and dead rails ima crash out
I love when lazar does these videos
Are you ok😂 15:14
My user is judenasser
Btw if u have a  ps5 add me
Im a huge fan
My user is DW3_56777
USE CODE LAZER
5:45 great idea 😂😂😂😂
17:55 how
Lazar beam to let you know how is a private server character and it used to be a admin character for the owner when he posted a video of him using it
More than a million in a month is crazy
USE GODE LAZAR
9:50  bro chill out
Yui
12:00 LOLL
Uzoth sounds like expert death
1:00 bro gave me nightmares
Don’t retire in the next five years I will get a tattoo of the creator code LazarBeam
14:09 i saw a whole commercial for this game at a gas pump today
😭😭😭 pls rolblox don't  ban me😭😭😭
Hi lazarbeam
crazy how roblox developers wont give roblox youtubers these but would give it to lazarbeam and he just puts himself on the leaderboard (doing what a child would do).
The creator of blox fruits should make it so when ever somebody gets banned a cut scene for every single person in the server please where the person who banned them who is without a admin hammer and ban them, and they vaporize
Lazar can you friend me I love your vids if you want to friend me comment on my comment
Hope you have a great year
Later I’m a huge fan code lazar twooo a people
Thanks for 503 subscribers! 🎉
Wow every one use code lazar in the item shops
Octo mode makes me think of bass from mega mans 8 direction multi rapid fire
Lazerbeam, you are my favourite youtuber
Please make more I am bord videos please 🙏
The day this was uploaded it was my birthday🎉
Bro, did somebody try to make Omni man and dressed to impress
3:41 just like lazer says
Please do not say di** again i am 9 years old
baddies devs super problematic
santino doing anything but updating tsb
All games: free admin  Strongest Battlegrounds: Pay us money for OP character
Stud the strongest battle grounds
Bro why was all of this vids adds McDonald's 😂
And he didn’t allow you
How did you get admin commands? Is my friend owns this on this game?
im gonna be honest, lazar's videos are actually so entertaining
10:45 his face
acaso tu eres un admin de roblox porque en varios juegos tienes cosas que solo tu tienes :o
YES MATE I LOVE SEEING U MAKE KIDS CRY😂😂
Laser beam.
W Lazar bean
3:42  wait what💀💀💀💀💀
6:29 hacker🤑🤑
This line made me roll in my bed 😂 13:23
guys the commets are fire
11:10 i think tsb devs are real greedy for ts bruh 100k robux for ts, only for lazarbeam character
15:04 dead rails people with revolver 1080p pov
Rare footage of lazar not playing fortnite😅
just know that if lazar even accidentally mistyped a number he would have banned some random
2:08 @pyrosinical
He's back.....
nice vid lazar. Also the players on leaderboard in fisch are lazy people just only hacks to be respected
I fucking love your videos ima old fan 4 years
Laser Beam touch you
Ive played these games before🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥 17:58
seeing Lannan shouting on kids and just trolling them gave me goosebumps
Im glad he did not play dandys world
My friend was Patrick lol
Nahh you playing dti ake dres to impress is crazy but you ate
@Lachaven23
No, he just ask the owner if he could have admin
I want the admin character kj and Infinity
THAT'S WHY YOUR FACE IS ON THE "AWAKENING OUTFITS" ON THE STRONGEST BATTLEGROUNDS
Lazarbeam got scammed in tsbg
Do a video with Rhonda back in dubbo
This one inspired me to share my story too 🙌
you should play heros battle ground
Bro I seen the laser beam moveset lol
*ive been playing fisch for 2 months and lazar is higher level then me in 20 minutes😭🙏*
I saw somebody that called you laser beam and you wanted your own skins gojo and goku and you wanted it but you need 1,000 robux
Hated how the strongest  battlegrounds made lazar beam pay for the admin commands so greedy.
I’m a single father of 3 who’s been battling chronic illness for years. I’m still very sick and don’t know how long I’ll be able to work, so I am going to pursue my music full time for real now so I can support my kids by doing something I love from home in the future. My favorite thing to do when life gets me down and I want to charge up some good vibes is actually to watch gaming videos. I play myself too when I can but I also love really watching it and it always gives me the inspiration I need to keep going another day when I'm in a dark place mentally. It means so much to me and a lot of other people and it does way more good than people who don’t play can understand. It has literally saved my life over and over again. I just wanted to share that, maybe someone else feels the same. ❤ Thanks for another awesome video bro. Much love from Sweden 🇸🇪
um the population of human 4b what??  in blox fruit 50b???
13:24 Unlimited flexworks is not copyrighted, as the song was made for tsb
Only 185 kills I have 1200+
Bro this is crazy he’s actually recording more
Who came from Lance engines video
Not wrong but I’m still mad about it
What happen to WILLEH
Lol seeing lazar using xeno *cheats* is soo funny
8:34 his user is freep diddy aswell 13:36 bro said bean and baked beans make you fart even though you made him shit his pants
U look 10 years older to me
Please make more
You should play military tycoon again it’s now completely p2w
Ur like unique to ave get admin on rivals
You should play blue lock rivals its pretty good
Bro became a admin☠️☠️
3:41  💀
"I'm not here to shoot these kids." I feel like it is concerning that this is something that had to be said.
Can I friend you in Fortnite?
This is just another walk in the park for lazar watching little kids cry😂
12:27 bro that’s KJ man that’s free for move set atleast
13:39 RIP Brian
It’s pearl
YOU DONT KNOW WHO GOJO IS???? 11:41
10:58 that’s my fathers hed
Hope you have a good day 😎 best YouTuber 😎
Hey, would love to see another Minecraft series. It has changed so much since you last played and I would love to see your content.
I LIKE MEN (IM DEFINETLY NOT GAY:)
Lazar fan: LAZARBEAN lazar: did you just call me a bean Lazar fan: NO NO NO “lazar proceeds to kill him”
Yo bro do dead rails
click on this comment and then do it
W VIDEO
You should play blue lock rivals or basketball zero
oh god no..
Blue waffles
Lazar can I have your fisch admin please?
Nice vid
DO DOORS!
Foresaken when? 😼😼
Уффф кукибой слишком далеко зашел😂
Bro saying blox fruit is not Pay to win 😂😂xd lol
Am I the only one asking myself where is the censoring ?
PLEASE PAY 2 WIN ON DEAD RAILS
what a g! nice going!
Bros playing like prime lazar
187
Yey bullying
Bro's best way he trolled Roblox kids is that he has a fiance😞😭
Need more Roblox content
18:15 it’s a one piece fan game do a vid when you react to one piece pls
Unc... Got the milk yet?
Lazar beam getting scammed by the owner of The Strongest Battlegrounds before GTA6...
The bloody legend has fiannaly arived to blox fruits
he is the Albert/Flamingo of Australia rn
Lazar, were you the person flying in my rivals game a couple of days ago? Bro was at the top of the map shooting me, probably a different "definitely not hacker".
Tsb owners lowkey money greedy
Pls bobux
Do dead rails plss also use code lazar
13:24 it's not copyright
NEW UPLAOD YOOO
saying bloxfruits isnt p2w💔💔
I love dandy’s world when I saw it It thought you were going to make a video about
LAZERCRAZY
really, really like your video 😊
really, really like your video 😊
The music for unlimited flex works wasn't copyright but meh
I love you lazar!!!!
I love u daddy lazar lol
yo slide max lv in block fruits? slide dragons? slide kitt???? slide yeti????????????????? slide????????????????????????????????????
Quien vino por lo que dijo blecus?
Rivals is goated
And I’m going to like the new strongest battlegrounds Update
Did you not know that we can go on a private servers and get your roof set by going in the build in settings?
its a sin to call lazer beam lazer bean
11:15
Lazarbean oviestly not that famuos
Off topic but Congratulations on your engagement Lazar Thanks for you countless hours of suffering for us to laugh. I appreciate all that you’ve done and you’re amazing videos. I wish you the best for you and your family’s future man.
2 years I swear I watched that a few months ago I’m getting old too
idk if yall relized but since the people in dti got -40k stars they have no hope in getting leaderboard 💀
Do slap battles
Phew my fav youtuber isn’t dead like fresh
He’s alive?
Bro got 3 billion views
lazar i will let you play on my account for a video and im only level 1375
Pat rlly said “oo sorry”
15:50 that is so crazy but it also MASSIVE
Dandys world mentioned????
santino be giving admin instead of updating his game
Seeing lazarbeam having more in the strongest battle grounds then in any games makes me smile
13:58 me after trying fent
pls do more i’ve been watching you since day one i love what u do pls do more roblox content
Yo laserbeam, why do you always keep cheating with your move set on strongest battlegrounds, it’s literally not fair
Yo laserbeam, why do you always keep cheating with your move set on strongest battlegrounds, it’s literally not fair
i came here to see this tsb video. lazar, ur wrong tsb is the number one popular game rn
did you just take me back to 2020
Bro uploaded
Maybe Lazar will have a baby by the time he releases a new video
Why did i think that lazerbeam was bald for a second💀
No one will see this comment but giving lazarbeam admin is basically giving a baby control over the nukes
Bro got his own moveset lol
15:01 *Lazar Plays a fishing game.* Also Lazar; "I HAVE A GUN!"
9:40 VERSACE SWAG FROM FLAMINGO
Lazar start a new Minecraft series, a lot of things have been added since the first time
これで終わりです! goes hard (it means: BECUASE WITH THIS. ITS OVER...! its from unlimited flex works)
So ur the reason we don’t have a tsb update.
So this is why i see ur face on the awaken outfit
I was in ur game in rivals
3:41 ..
Da hood is better🚽🙂
day 2 of asking for a pc
Hey lazer, I can confirm that it isn't copyright, the music was made for tsb and youtubers are allowed to do it.
Lazerbeam takes the dub
It's not copyrighted btw.
Yo i would love to play tsb with you!
learn how dash and combo and move
Bro lazarbeam got haki bro, you got haki
Roblox devs are the creepiest people on the planet. Check there hard drives
Lazar beam, let me play on ur Roblox account
The whole video is just Lanan simping for isla lmao 😂
3:40, you do the same to lahnan😏😏
Yooo laser where you been on roblox
Play schedule 1 I dare u
So excited for the newest upload
Another banger from the goat❤
Lazar because you have admin power in fisch can you unban me
gimme a moby or ur fake twin
No way blox gave hem admin
what about brookhaven
👍
Can u play heroes battlegrounds next time pls? Its like the strongest battlegrounds but better
Bro please make more videos like this everyone loves it
Bro please make more videos like this everyone loves it
Bro please make more videos like this everyone loves it
If u rewind to 12:01 hes curseing
Kan u help me in fish 😢
I wanted mic
NAH BRO u know what u said is cap cuz blox fruits is the first best so dont and baddies aint even popular fr fr others would rather blade  ball or fisch like bro L baddies and dress too impress  and basically no one plays brookhaven much anymore  except for kids
Lazar with admin on Roblox is like a fever dream
11:41 Bro's gojo in public "I dunno what Gojo is" - Lazarbeam Well, uh.... Satoru Gojo (五ご条じょう悟さとる Gojō Satoru?) is one of the main protagonists of the Jujutsu Kaisen series. He is a special grade jujutsu sorcerer and widely recognized as the strongest in the world. Satoru is the pride of the Gojo Clan, the first person to inherit both the Limitless and the Six Eyes in four hundred years. He works as a teacher at the Tokyo Jujutsu High and uses his influence to protect and train strong young allies.
hung tung tung tung tung tung tung sahor
I love how Roblox is now one of the most popular games now even my brother who is like 24 likes it now 😭😭
Why does isla sound like a AI voice over?
8:17 massive?
Unlimited flexworks in tsb isn't copyrighted bc they made their own song for it
18:05 saying blox friuts isnt a p2w game is crazy 18:05
Boi❤
Can u try get admin in mm2
Finnaly a blox fruit vid
PURPLE SKULL TROOPER 🗣🔥🔥
Pls let me on de acc from blox fruit
Bro you fell off 📉😔
6:27  shouldve said "Hacks, No no, its just money"
YEET
Always love seeing a lazer video show up again from time to time bloody legend
Yo lazar i broke my arm
top ten trending yeah
That was a goated Lazarbeam video
Play fortnite
I’m in Australia too, have u heard of finke desert race, it’s a dirt bike race In the N.T
Not using shiftlock and saying Blox fruit is sick hurts my soul (it’s widely agreed on that it isn’t a very good Roblox game it’s just flashy and five year olds like it or something)
Can u pls have fisch series
I also liked you icon shoes that Fortnite gave you. And how you made them in real life
no way bro stopped before using the ability titled "infinity"
She looks like that Filipino celebrity
rang til 112
der er ild i dit hus
"you get a one star because you're not ilsa" damnn goals😻
3:40 this ain’t for youngsters like 8 year olds
What about adopt me
15:55  ITS SO BIG! AUGHHHHH!
Wow this is cool
God lazar looks so old nowadays
18:31 having flamingo as a shirt is cool
Watch ssundee he has 24.69 million subs watch him
Lazar pls go bald
Hey lazarbeam for ur next roblox video u should play Vr Hands. Its really fun u can bully kids in vr.
Can you play schedule 1 please it’s a really fun game
Lazar is literally the best
He finally made another Roblox video
Santino doesn’t update the game but gives Lazar his own character
why do u upload once every 100000000 years
I missed you 😢
HE'S ALIVE HE'S BACK
12:50 "Is that the hotel chain" brooo 🥀🥀
I'm too old for these videos man
6:24 The amount of people that would of called him a hacker 😅
I thought i was gonna be excited.. Until i learned he played dress to to impress and baddies, im unsubbing
i love you lazarbeam
Babe wake up lazarbeam posted
10:45 - Yeah, I remember my first Zantetsuken. That's pretty much how I reacted, too.
I randomly get this recommended to me after 3 years bro
Gojo is anime character that is one shot
I can guarantee that most of the people came to see his movesey
11:55 i dont think so
Bro new person in batlegrounds
Laserbeam playing tsbg WITH ADMIN IM HERE FOR IT MAN
OMG ITS OUT
lazar beam might be too op in tsb
18:06 not pay to win, right
You should’ve play dead rails
Next flamingo
ITS SO BIGGG
Rivalssssss is the best!!!!!
They really made you pay 100,000 robux just to give you kj and one gojo move 😂
Ilsa slayed too hard on her first round of dress to impress
Lazer Posted A Random Video And Got So Many Views And Likes😂
W
i love when lannan traumatizes the ROBLOX community, as a ROBLOX YouTuber... i can allow this
🎉❤2dsc
Lazar :correction i saw blox fruits at  like 5-6m player so 2x 2.5m
Lazarbeam MY BIRTHDAY ON THE 26th OF APRIL
Good jub lazer bean
Lol
Love a Roblox video. Peak lazar
You should try dead rails u can prob aimbot
What would happen if someone you killed with commands had a mythical fruit, bro is cooked
Youshould admin troll with flamingo
Bro posts when he needs cash
13:24 is not copy right
Why did ilsa say the D word you can’t say that can you? 3:42
since when lazer beam is old??????
When is your next member only video? I also wanna be as famous as you one day !
So that’s why I saw it in the ultimate avatar configuration
10:53 he did infact die like that
The kj music is not copyright
Bro actually uploaded after a year
18:12 (Blox Fruits) this game is obviously not p2w, me: proceeds to look at the thousands of robux worth of items in-game.
this is the same vid as fortnite version but roblox
New flamingo
LazarBeam you should play AoTR (Attack On Titan Revolution) it’s a very fun game
Lazarbeam uploaded!😀
8:34 why is omni man and purple skull trooper in dress to impress
18:06  did you really just say blox fruits isnt pay to win..
lazer should play the boat grandma its 10/10 game trust
finally i been watching all ur old vids on repeat
MICHEAL IS MAGESTIC
you should totally give me money
11 months Thank you for uplodding
10:47 why lazar look like Trevor from GTA crashing out
3:40 YOUR HITTING ITS WHAT!?
BRO HOW
Jesus Loves
SPEND ROBUX EPISODE?
Lazarbeam is in the game.
U could NEVER get admin from dandys world bc qwel is litterly AAAA
You know it’s a good day when lazar uploads
Lazarbeam should defo play with deji ,that would be jokes
Bro tell when u will have ur own character in tsb
Takes a load of time to upload one single vid and the content being like this  old lazerbeam was peak
Yay!
I got banned from rivals for exploiting but I wasn’t even cheating do u think you could tell the devs
This guy can leave for 10 yearsand some how he still would get millions of views and likes bro😭😭😭🔥🔥
I didn’t even realise, this year on whatever date (too young to remember) I’ve been watching lazar for 9 years! Holy crap, I mean the journey is insane, I think you were the first YouTuber I ever watched. I just gotta say lannan, although we have never seen each other, it is really awesome that I’ve gotten to see you grow, saying that like you aren’t more than 10 years older than me, but anyways, I’ll never stop watching you bro, love ya mate!
Lazar got your own chacter in tsb
When he plays this it's so funny
Do more tsb or blox fruit or fisch broo with admin powers
18:05 "this game isnt really pay to win"  [INCORRECT BUZZER]
Did he use infinity move in battlegrounds?
Lazar playing tsb was not on my 2025 wishlist but yeah
20:56 him playing Blox Fruits and unintentionally laughing like Doffy is insane
Favorite video you made
1:42 Bros Name 😂😂
I thought the TSB devs were teasing an update BUT NOOOOO it was just laser beam as a custom character
Pleas next video do jjs with the owner TZE . Trust. Me Is fun and caotic
MORE CHEATS
More like this lenon 😂😂😂😂
Bro payed 1000$ dollar for the kj move set when you can just go in to the kj only servers and play the character there for free. W donation.
She kinda reminds me of Tannar
Can't believe they made him pay that much robux in sbg for moveset ☠☠💀💀⛓‍💥⛓‍💥💔💔
You should get hacks in dead rails
This video is NOT family friendly I can confirm that 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Trending 18#
Bro I thought he was going destroy all the dandys world fans
12:15 dude im ngl with this music and the way you said “right through the face” you kinda sounded like a legit artist voice actor voicing some brutal ass character 😭😭😭🙏🙏
1:01 lazarbeam discovered my skin lol
15:53 thats what she said
Lazar beam sucks now
finally you are back
7:54 is wild ngl
We need more off these videos
How do you can make your own movesets in tsb
Gingerbrave in his brave phase:
When he started caring about copyright you know he’s changed
ILSA acts like she is ai generated person
i used to play baddies that games corrupted asl now because of the clans
Bro got a secret move ‏‪11:16‬‏
No way bro tryed blox fruits
w
Bro sweard 69 times
0:39 DAMN.
JUSTICE FOR LAZAR GF ! 🤣🤣🤣
12:00 get absolutely f- up
13:38 holy shit lazarbeam used shrapnel sky in the year of our lord 2025 🙏 welcome back Fortnite build battle music
love roblox haha
11:10 money hungery as devs
It was funny how Lazarbeam pulled out a gun out of no where
PLAY BOXING BETA PLSSSSSSS
Shy not dead rails
Laserbeam, I am watching you in real life.         RUN laser beam 12:49
BRO WHAT I WAS THE YETI THAT TRIED TO KILL YOU THATS LITERAL ME WHAT
2mil views after a month… legend I miss you Mr Larzar
yay bliox fruit
Hey my names dinomonboy8 could you friend me
Legendary lazar vid
missed you man
ROBLOX MEME OLYMPICS
i lost sooo much bounty from hackers
Borris the turtle tortoise
U should play bluelock
lazar always be lookin high
well color me impressed, this man just said blox fruits isnt pay to win (I sold my soul and left nut for dragon)
always refreshing to see a lazarbeam upload
Peak.
another reason why lazars content is peak
LazarBum
should get admin for fight in a school
Hope you enjoy this spontaneous late-night drop 🌙📤
Lazer thanks so much for doing another Roblox vid I love when you do them pls make more
bro fell off
Lazar beam is back and better then ever
Gimme robux😂
holy shit that 20-20-20 dropkick ability was nuts
Gojo is a character from anime, the name of the anime is JJK
Do dead rails
Pleaseeee give me the new moveset in tsb brooo
If you ever get admin of pet sim 99 don't feel afraid to give "henryharvzy"  a lil something something
"the game's not p2w"  "i got this giant sword for 1200 robux"
was wondering why "why is lazars face in the strongest battlegrounds skin area
Hi lazar
You skipped murder mystery
You still consider yourself a fn YouTuber
We got so close to a lazar dandys world colab...
join tsb, its full of kids that will cry when losing
w
w
Where's dead rails?
Finally
he truly is the simpest of the simp glory to the simpest KING
LAZARBEAM YOUR BACK🎉🎉🎉
Purple skull trooper for the win hell yeah
I subbed
Do a roblox video with vindooly
Bro laserbeam it’s the holidays that’s why they’re not at school😊
Welcome back from the dead lazarbeam🙂👍
more roblox videos pls
13:36 lazar bean
13:38 with the poor guy saying "nonono" knowing the mistake he has made is hilariously funny
the fact that blox fruits alone had more players online than fortnite that time is crazy
17:28 I cracked up when he died 🤣
If it ain’t pay to win it ain’t fun
LAZER BEAM IM YOUR BIGGEST FAN #1
do sonic speed simulators
That was my sister 10:01
Why the hell he thinks lazar hacking
If you ever do a video like this again play spongebob tower defense it’s a really good game.
You should hack in brookheaven
good boy good boy
So uh lazerbeam in tsb you had 2 admin movesets in 1
More Fortnite
You crack me up
life always sm better when lazar drops a video every few months :)
Bro you actually posted i havent watched you since i was 12yo so nostalgic
Can u please post more lazerbeam
Watched this 3 times from start to finish
u didnttt play mm2
Try to get admin in dead rails
Wow this is so good but how much money you spent on this video
1:03 is literally the globglogabgalab
😂😂😂😂.            99:59:59
Laser beam plz film videos of playing the strongest battlegrounds
Ran out of ideas looks for old videos still gets 2 million views
"HESSSSSSSSSSSSSS BACKKKKKKKKK" i said cutely
Lazar why do you hardly post now ??????? Ive been trying to watch your content but ive alr watched it all
New sub haha;)
Gojo is a ps moveset
We need more content of Ilsa playing Roblox!!
You should do the worst rated games
Or fizz 7:32
tsbg and blox fruit is my fav
rents due
8:29 the second place😂
FISCH?
Bro not even rivals ytubers get dev thats how we know hes that famous
You forgot about dead rails/ it has 655k players
Lazar (code lazar btw)not even posting for a long time now, but you need to get back YouTube been very different without all your videos on my page😢
Btw dead rails is fun i have a limited class 😈 im in sea 2 btw in blox fruits
6th popular game was Dandy's World Congratulations From Goto Goat and Maple
I SAW YOU ON THE BLOX FRUITS LEADERBOARD BEFORE YOU RELEASED THIS VID!! LMAOOOOOOOOO!!
People Who Remember Versache From albert......
😂😂😂😂😂😂😢❤
11:38 the moves are from the anime jujutsu kaisen and some are from a video in YouTube called Kj's final ride tye first 4 moves are from the kj thing and last is from jujutsu kaisen also at 13:27 its not copywriting dont worry the game made its own music
Lasar is the goat
Bro is NOT making it to sea two in fisch
I SAW THE LAZER BEAM CHARACTER IN THE STRONGEST BATTLE GROUND LOL I KNEW SOMETHING WAS GOING TO HAPPEN
Seeing Lazar with Admin on Roblox is a sight to behold
FINALLY I WAITED TOO LONG FOR THIS
BRO DOESNT KNOW GOJO🙏😭
Get mi off the train 💔😭
this was a great video!
aw i love ilsa she's so cute
Hello there mate
w video
Bro has the power
you should play pls donate on roblox
Lazer do a vid when u use admin commands in fisch
I thought your username was bacongyat
Bro, how do you have that? It's not for sale. You're an administrator.
He’ll probably do a full video on tsb trying to get gojo. Maybe one day
What r u doing in tsb?
Santino does anything but update his game
He’s baaaaaack 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤
8:01 🎉 8:08 8:11
LAZAR YOU SHOULD DO BLUE LOCK RIVALS PLEASE
Finally another monthly lazarbeam upload
You should try Roblox dead rails
Hi
Hi
Play Minecraft again  Please 🥺🙏🏾
bring back the minecraft series🙏🙏🙏🙏
lazarbeaam i use your code
huh no wonder your face was in the ultimate outfits
Lazar still simping
atlest he didnt play dandys world
❤😂
Lazarbeam just comes back once in a blue moon, posts, and then leaves for a while again
LAzARbeam can you please pin me you are my favorite youtuber❤❤❤🎉 I been watching you since madden please just give me a pin and please make more Minecraft videos or Photo Shop Videos were the best 👇  👇
Lazar you should tell the devs in fisch if I could have admin fr fr
he finally posted but WHAT THE FUCK IS THISSS
Love the video ❤😊
Amazing video ❤😊
15:52 bro turned into gothamchess
DADDY LANNAN
So this is what the owner of tsb was talking about..
Colab with flamingo u an begging ya
Scroll down comments, theholygrail commented, also like the video just bc.
Pls more fortnite 😢❤
is admin o hacker?
AJ Marshall Brown's my favorite game.Know that ways of being as we're afraid and peace for my servant or your wait.Wait wait a minute I'll walk up so wait a minute please
13:22 not cpyright
I would love to see lazarbeam play blue lock rivals
11:06 so that explains the Lazarbeam icon when picking awakening outifts😭😭🙏
The thing you did for Lisa was kinda wholesome
Play blue lock
anyone remember elemental battelgrounds or was that just me?
You gotta play dead rails
day 3 of asking lazarbeam to add me on fortnite
I was thinking of the lazarveam face leak on tsb when i saw the thumbnail
Lazer you need to try Southwest Florida
Dress to impress and baddies lad😭😭
I WAS WONDERING WHY LAZARBEAM WAS IN TSB HATS WHY AWK FIT
Why bro swearing on yt isnt that not allowed
It’s a good day when lazar drops a vid
freakbob and freaktrick
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I thought you died
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Title doesn't make sense 👌
Bruh
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
13:36 lol
19:50  bro he ate yeti fruit
Great job, this video was very useful!
Bro was playing in rivals double trouble
He is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did daenerys really said "use code lazar"?
Get me off this train ahh 🥀
Games 0:20 : Baddies 4:05 Rival 6:54 DTI (Dress to impress) 10:26 TSB (best imo) 14:07 Fisch 17:49 Blox fruits
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
lazar needs to play schedule 1
Lazarbeam spending roblox to bully kids is so ironic
you know its gonna be a good day when lazer post
This was super helpful, thanks!
Pure comedy
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Just so you know in the future, I don’t think the KJ music for the ultimate flexor is copyright
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Thank you for the great content!
Yo you got a moveset only for you moveset in tsb
youve turned into an absolute sellout
HE IS BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
lazarbeam, make a video on schedule 1
Btw lazer the nessi he had was duped because there was a massive dupe exploit yeah..
Comon man dead rails would be epicc
18:00  this feels like “IVE PLAYED THEESE GAMES BEFOREEEE”
6:30 i mean hes right, these are admin commands that you need to use in order to win
Lazarbeam, pls i beg you with my life to do a playthrough series of scedule1
6:43 I just won in a little bit
Ayo 3:41
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Its honestly still quite impressive that you can still be energetic 41 xx
Bro casually said blox fruits isnt p2w 💀
Baddies hits hard
6:37 he eleminate someone named baki which is my last name
bro u should have tryed dead rails
LazerBeam you should make more videos playing fisch
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Lazarbeam core:bullies kids on Roblox usually with guns and makes it halarious
blox fruit isnt pay to win famous words
I hope you hit 30m sub
I just sub
Do it on an alt acc if u ginger
MAKE MOREE ROBLOX
Guys could y'all send me some robux pls😢
Bro I was playing Roblox with my cousins and in murder mystery they had the same name as me because they were at my house this person kept saying I was cheating teaming up with my cousins so everyone in the lobby teamed up on us I kept telling them I am playing with my cousins and they said we talk the same which I take that as dirispect because one is 11 and other is 9 I just told them I was special
I’m guessing this is what lazar was doing when he was dead during sidemen among us
Just subribed cuz of the one who said "lazar subsribe"
I have not watched q laser beam video in like 4 years
Lol
you didnt do the infinity ability on the strongest battlegrounds. I was looking forward to seeing what it was😭😭😭
BRO THIS IS A 5 ON TRENDING UR FAMOUS BRO
Very well done, appreciate this video!
8:35 We Got Lazarbeam Getting Backshots By Diddy Before GTA 6.
Ive been waiting for this video since i first saw ur pfp on tsb (bars)
Finaly
when we all thought the roblox kids were safe again.. he came back
17:59  I HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME BEFORE!!
lazar play wild west roblox im sub by the way love your vids👍👍
Yeeeeee Roblox!!!!!!!
The world is full of haters and it makes me feel incredible -LazarBeam 2025😂
Wow
XD lazar no longer cares about being demonetized XD this is peak
Stop saying fack
👀
Bro that moveset is overpowerd
did he say fiance? when on earth did that happen!?
8:35 bros name was free diddy 🤣🤣
3:39 what d what
12:15 dude im ngl with this music and the way you said “right through the face” you kinda sounded like a legit artist voice actor voicing some brutal ass character 😭😭😭🙏🙏
LAZAR PLEASE DO ANOTHER ROBLOX SPENDING VIDEO AND PLAY DRAGON BLOX
This is the first time I’ve even seen Roblox played
fun video again, crazy that they just give you the admin control like that haha.
Use code lazer in the Fortnite item shop
GREAT 👍
9:52 Valid crash out
WE BACK IN ROBLOX BOIS
meenyu uzoth
the strongest battel ground idk how to spell
Pls do dead rails next
that is my fav game on roblox
this is everyones dream istg having admin in games must be the best feeling
Bro just got admin kj and gojo move in public server and 135 kills in 10 minute 😭😭😭
The lazarbeam moveset on tsb is actually admin exclusive or costs 10m robux for normal people
lazer = biggest glazer to isla
In the comments there’s enyu, not realms and winter😂
bro u need to post more mate
Lazer trust me collab with FLAMINGO
USE CODE LAZAR
Its been a long ass two years. I may be a grown man too, but don't let me wait that long again 🤣   I still want to see the NHL series again...they have some new gerbil goalkeepers you need to rough up
the fact that only lazer beam can access the miveset
is the best content
no way roblox
I love your vids pls upload more
Hello..
hi lazar 😆iam not begging u guys can u js help me out iam js saving for my Christmas present      it will be helpful if u donate me (not begging)  it will be a pleasure    Username: FENIXS_PLAYSS (if u donated tysm for helping me out)   GOAL: 100K 🥳 i will split it  and  i will give it to my cousins  and my brother
i met this guy the other day
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
What’s better than watching lazar bully kids in Roblox!
Rent’s due
10:42 sadly it is 😔😔
"Blox fruits is a legit rpg with out p2w" As a 30 m myself and a skilled one i can tell you, It is p2w they care about money not the community they runied the pvp with "Spam" fruits or the beast types. Smh famous ytbers always paint it in a good light. Hope it changes
Bill were due
yes
Lazarbeam do more roblox vids, your one of the couple that has actual fun roblox vids (i am a rbx YouTuber but ma vids suck)
lazarbeam surely add me on fortnite
So many developer like lazer lol
Change your name to, “UseCodeLazar” so you get free adds when you reach the top of the leader board
Code Lazar
USE CODE LAZAR
Thank you for the great content!
Thank you for the great content!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Thank you for the great content!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I’m in that vid he freaking smacked me in fisch
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Amazing content as always!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
It feels really repititive bro...
I remember when lazar posted everyday
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Yes Roblox
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Ilsa with cheats-"Sorry, I feel bad" Lazarbeam with cheats-"You little ####, die, die, die"  Opposites attract 🤣🤣🤣
0:01 Top secret connection be like Lazar - Bro giv me Cheat code Admin - Oke bro
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Great job, this video was very useful!
He didn’t use infinity 😢
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
gojo is a super strong anime character btw
can you pls ask riavl owner to unban me
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Hello, Humans Those who attack you are usually weak. Strong minds don't need to go after others, just to prove their strength or make a point.  TERRANCE OUT
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I have been on the leader bord at the top
your post for this month
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
The goat is finally back ❤❤❤
You know the game called baddies its made by ice spice
prime lazarbeam is back
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Bro start watching anime man its in your blood
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
bro fell off
Great job, this video was very useful!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
THE LEGEND IS BACK
0:12 he looks like his dad. omg
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Amazing content as always!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
11:46 bro I thought it was the physical mob moveset and it was yours XD (You can't use it, it's exclusive for Lazarbeam)
22.9 million. So close
Great job, this video was very useful!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Amazing content as always!
please next one roblox jailbreak
And dead rails
“yo lazarbean!” “DID U JUST CALL ME A BEAN!!????”
fr
What are trash vid
13:22 the music isn’t copyrighted, it’s made for the game so your fine to play it jsyk ^^
Of course we enjoy your late night uploads Lannan (sorry I don’t know how to spell your name)
If you have the awakening avatar gamepass you could've seen your move set
And sub to lazarBeam
Perfect video at 2.06 am
The amount of trauma that wall has witnessed could be interesting
Lazar these videos are amazing post more
11:50, 13:35 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Use code lazar
FIANCE???
Bring the Roblox videos back
Love it when you post please come back to youtube
This is Timmy he is 1 every like makes him one year older 　　　　　／＞　　フ 　　　　　| 　_　 _ l 　 　　　／` ミ＿xノ 　　 　 /　　　 　 | 　　　 /　 ヽ　　 ﾉ 　 　 │　　| | |
You GOTTA do more 😭😭
my name is lazare
lazar beam is glazing blox fruits, its not that good lil bro
wane
"Elsa when lannan says yeet" 15:52
do pls donate
Guys hes actully hacking
I feel like he doesn't even like making videos anymore and I'm kinda sad about it I've been watching since the Madden days I've been here for every phase of Madden poly bridge to the vlogs to the construction videos at his parents to him and his brother buying a plot of land omg the ute videos theses were good times heck even the early fortnite videos it's i miss him man I really do and there's no way no absolute way he likes Fortnite anymore or Roblox there's not a chance idk who this man is but this isn't Lazarbeam
12:31 this is how players negotiate for peace. They see strong/skilled players and want to ally with them, think of it like bowing down with respect.  Edit: also the music in the "anime cutscene" otherwise known as unlimited flex works is not going to get you a copyright strike, seeing as the devs of the game knew you were going to make a video with the game, and they own the rights to the music.
Old man playing roblox is insane but i love him so who cares About that ❤
in rivals free for all
3:41 nah bro💀
1 shot is crazy
It's Soo big
The yearly event
11:43 bro doesn't know who gojo is in big 25 😭🙏 bro is ancient now.
Lazarbeam got a humor update
I'd love it if you would play fortnite with Josh or Mully (They need the wins)
Finally you did this again
When the Fortnite vid
It is about time you posted mate
18:15 "but this game isnt pay to win"  ok buddy
1:01 earthworm sally v2
Oh iv been wondering what the tsb ult awakening lazarbeam icon is
😐
🤮 blox fruits
I was in your vid and I’m mandothemenace
I’m subscribing
wasssa
You gotta go on @getdownwithseanandmarley
It’s school holidays
0:01 lazarbeam can just do wants he wants😂😂
It’ll never make a difference but bru make some videos
Under 2,466,996 years gang  👇
Pele was me
one upload every maybe ahh youtuber
Hi I’m Ben im the biggest fan of ur work been watching since the beginning
Next time do Dead Rails !❤❤
hm
can i get some robux? pretty pleaseee
Dress to impress admin is crazy!!
bro love your stuff, if u would just upload more u could become more popular than Mr. Beast!!!!
I was falling asleep with how boring this was until I saw ilsa save the entire video with her appearance and ground shattering aura
Bro doesn't know who Gojo is
Lazar Longed on uzoth alt account
i looked at the cookd store and i love lazar but 100 for a sweater is crazy
W Lazarbeam
Rent was due
the flamingo disrespect is crazy 😭
7:31 he said i look like a purple skull tropper but he is blue i think lazar is colorblind
Haven't seen a roblox vid in years.
“ARE YOU SURE”-OMNI MAN 8:27
I SAID SLAY LETS GO IM IN A LAZAR BEAM VIDEO NO WAY IM VERSACE AND HE NOTICED ME
Hell yeah
This is a brilliant video.
Reporting this for nudity so youtube has to watch the whole thing. Infinite view glitch
3:41  lol💀
HE FINNALY DROPPED THE VID I NEEDA SEE THE TSB
Lazar with Admin powers on Roblox? Now that's a legendary sight! Absolute chaos incoming.
18:06  go look at the permanent fruit shop and tell me if this game is not pay to win the amount of suffering free to play people having this game
0:07 Lazarbeam can I have 69 robux
MY FAV SERIES HE EVER DID WAS ROBLOX SPENDING
YEEESSSSSSSSS
Yo for old time  sake, kindergarten two gotta get a play through
if you were being a dragon rider should have dressed up as ilsa
Im the 72k like
;god here we go again
he coordinated the sidemen among us upload with this video in order to promote it, he has finally been paid for all videos lol
18:42 to 18:44 LAZAR BEAM REALLY DISRESPECTED MY KING ALBERT LIKE THAT 💔💔💔😭
Absolutely cinematic
so thats what that moveset was about
love it
I’m up and coming please support ur boy
We need more Roblox videos
I missee this i MISSED THISSS
how does one cheat in rivals asking for a friend
Epic video
Please do more of these, make occasional vids of this. I enjoyed watching thsi
THE ONE PIECE IS REAL!
Lazarbeam you didn't just say blox fruits isn't pay to win... 💀 🤣
Broooo I be playing baddies fr
1:44 is a crazy name
Never know you played football
im sorry ITS BEEN TWO YEARS?????????????????????????
Js give lazarbeam roblox admin atp
i remember times where u always got like 48k veiws on fortnite vids now youve got on trending almost every vid. YOU GOTTEN SO FAR!!! W lazar!
lannan is back to youtube to pay the bills 🤝
4:33 Lazarbeam? I've never heard of Lazarbeam, obviously not that famous.
Do moreeeeeeee and more
1:40 uh what was that name💔💔
0:00 ALL READY A BANGER
I love the strongest battlegrounds and you lazarbeam
Please do another vid on Roblox❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Play hood games
I don’t like how money hungry the devs of tsb is by only giving lazar kj ult moves with infinity and made him pay 100k robux instead if giving it for free but its lazar beam so he just rich like that 🤷
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Amazing content as always!
How does he keep doing this 😂
Is it me or is laser just trying to appeal to little kids now?
Play dead reels on roblox
LETS FUCKING GO ANOTHER VID
Idk what that means in Japanese btu it might mean get absolutely fucked had me dying😂😂
I remember over 10 years ago when you could find like less than 5 games with over 2k active players
Can you please upload more 😭😭😭
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Amazing content as always!
Your girlfriend’s onlyfans is amazing!
Tysm for uploading again. I remember the times when you uploaded once a month
1:03 Holy shit, Marcus, da fuq are you doing here?
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Lazarbeam still goign strong!
Wait why did what’s her face say use code lazar I forgot
HEEEESSSSS BAAAAAAACCCCCKKKKK !!!!
6:45 would have been funny if he said gg
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
poo
insane
poop
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
3:40 What a crazy turn of events
HESS BACKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the great content!
WAKE UP LAZAR UPLOADED 😮
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Bro got a LOT of pause moments on the video
3:41 😂😂😂
Under 24 hours Gang 👇🏻
3:41 that was enough help 💀
Amazing content as always!
15:59 dude that sounds exactly like the level up sound from FE16. These Roblox devs are awesome, just stealing stuff to put in their fishing sim. I salute them.
13:35. “LAZAR BEAN” lazar- “did you just call me a bean”  “NO NOO NOOOOO!!” - dead💀
Lazar please do a block spin video you will love it
Very well done, appreciate this video!
"The world is full of haters, it makes me feel incredible" 🤣🤣🤣🤣💀💀
Seeing Lazar with Admin on Roblox is a sight to behold
He’s back
Since you clearly dont watch any anime FOR SOME REASON, gojo is that one old dude in every heros journey story who is really powerfull hes from Jiujitsu Kaizen and bloxfruits is made like One Peice
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I was actually gonna freak out if you got admin in Brookhaven
After 2 years he plays roblox
LazarBeam where you going to do a video on tsb / the strongest battlegrounds?
11:56 got me dying
LETS GOOOO!!! MY BOI MADE ANOTHER DOBLOX VIDEO!!!
3:41 that’s messed up he’s never gonna have any spongy children now
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Now rivals is at 5b visits
What about dead rails
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Can’t believe we back
how mean
I finally came back after two years laser   beam
6:45 says selloutstreamerbtw as user with a verified badge and they stil think ur hacking
Bullying little kids never gets old.
What happened why no post anymore
im so scared bru
Ive been waiting years for a video like this
Bet he could record this even when he was doing sidemen among us
Bro kinda sounds like knifey from HOL
I dont even know a roblox game
montly rent payment video 🎉🎉
I miss the minecraft video's
My favourite sidemen member
ROBLOX CONTENT ON TOP
As a person in Australia I need the concrete shoes
Day 251 of telling lazerbeam to play his own game
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE LASERBEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
12:46 Because of your infinity (an ability that gojo has which slows everything around him infinitely(gojo is an anime character)
Baseball, huh?
Who won
Nice
LOOOW TAPPPER FADDE MENTION
16:19 I can catch a moby like moby d
Seen you play one of these games from sidemen among us video lmbo
YESS LETS GOO ANOTHER VID
the best youtuber EVER
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Finally blox fruit
I like turtles 🐢
Bills are due
never thought id see lazarbeam play tsb with his own character
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Make a roblox game…
bro these roblox videos are bangers
Hope to see a Vindooly collab 🤔
Very well done, appreciate this video!
bro did an injustice to dead rails :(
This guy is the goat
1:35 the name goes crazy
This was very informative, appreciate it.
we need this on moresidemen mate
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
And lezer said he'd play Roblox after the sidemen Brainrot among us 😂😂😂
ROBLOX VIDS ARE BACK!!!!!!
4:40 lazer: let’s just select a couple of weapons  Lazer screen: let’s just select an entire world war on 1 side vs 1 person
Man.... Only 15h ago? What a Conicedence
Let's gooo..Lazar be banning hackers .lets go 22:39
0:00 already a banger 😊😊
Lazar got the triple darkblade before me 🥹
What in heavens name...Man was able to talk to Indra!!!!????? Mate how in God's green earth did you do that????
You ain’t played the Bronx 2 you ain’t played nun
Thanks for 92 subscribers 🎉  4:27 that guy who said lazar touch me .
FINALLY A ROBLOX VID!!!
PLAY MORE THE STRONGEST BATTLEGROUNDS
Wouldve been funny to see something dandys world. Sadly qwelver is a knucklehead mcspazzatron.
Me who’s been playing Blox fruits for two years laughing at lazarbeam thinking he’s a god
lazar u have to play dead rails now
You still hit million 🎉
God loves you guys!
11:10 you got scammed by the devs 💀paid 1k$ for a free to play character :|
GOT REFERENCE RAHHH
15:53 thats what your mum was screaming last night lazar
3:40 excuse me
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
I know if you were in Fisch on like one more min a kid is asking you for fish lol
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
now tell me why the fuck is he spongebob
4:33 famous? I’ve never even heard of u😂 obviously not that famous
Act like Ana angel dress like crazy
This was super helpful, thanks!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Under one day👇🏻
He’s BAAAAACK!!!
Flamingo shirt lol 18:36
getting mounted by free p diddy on roblox is crazy
17:59 he’s played these games before
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
lazarbeam makes swearing super funny
Hi from perth
To the individual who is reading this please quit overthinking everything every day and night . Stop obsessing over your failures. Stop doubting yourself and seeing the greatness in everyone else but you. You are better than that. You deserve more. Start showing up differently to yourself. Believe in yourself. God wont ever hand you something you cant handle. You are a star in this world . may God Bless whoever sees this
Wiw
yo can you dono me a dough fruit lazarbeam pls??? also I love your Minecraft series do it again cause there is a new species in the game
Keep up the content, champ
1 Million views in 12 hours...
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
go purple dude
How did lazar bag a baddie
pls give fruit
W STRONGEST BATTLEGROUNDS I laughed during u playing the strongest battlegrounds
Hi
Typical lazar
happy to see u and ilsa still strong she bad asf
Bro lazar must’ve gotten paid a lot much so say blox fruit isn’t p2w or put under a lot of pressure
Uzoth taking so many side quests now adays
10:48 *realizes that the game is gruesome asf*
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Bro stop playing Roblox. Please
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You should play blue lock rivals
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
We left you in 2019😭💔
FLAMINGO COMMENT HERE>
"Did you just call me a bean.."
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
THANK YOU
Hi
Post more pls
play dead rails
11:57 best line ever
YES LAZAR CAN FINALLY BULLY KIDS :D
pushing 60 btw
ilsa I'm not sure if you know this but your boyfriend's name is laser beam
yeeee i dis
Lalala lava ch ch ch chicken Steve's lava chicken yah it's tasty as hell
Loved the content, keep it coming!
love it
can you make next video gta or Fortnite????
iLsa spelled her own name wrong it's pronounced Lisa.
he is finally posting roblox stuff!!
Laser beam Why Are you in awaken Outfit
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
imagine you added me on roblox lol
I know the chance of you seeing this is 0.0000001 but please if you see this can you send me a couple 100 thousand and guys don't forget code :lazar and my name is vampire0770123;aka roblok
1 mil views in 13 hours wow good job 👏
*kid: lazer Bean!* *Lazer Beam: Did you just call me a Bean?* *Kid: Noooo...*
We got Lazerbeam playing fisch beforew GTA5
It’s always a good day when lazar uploads 😂😂😂 this shits so funny
Hi i eat cheese
When doing commands Please do "/e commandhere" to make it invisible
1M VIEWS IN 13 HOURS crazy
Lannan you do not age :)
rivals..?
watching with parents 15:50 🙂🙂🙂
17:36 Is that the Skylanders music?
FU-N LEGEND
PLAY SCHEDULE 1 LAZERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
SO GOOD
Gojo I didn't hear him, obviously not that famous
it a good day when lazarbeam uploads
USE CODE LAZAR USE CODE LAZAR USE CODE LAZAR USE CODE LAZAR
Play doors till ya beat it Lannan
cool
Bro remembered his password finnaly,i turned 13 got a girlfriend hit a growth spurt read the whole Harry Potter series completed my bucket list went skydiving got baptized and got a job and got all As since @LazarBeam uploaded.
hes gettin married we lost him fellas
Don’t play baddies😊
the 'lazarbean' in the strongest battgrounds got me laughing way to hard
1# on trending btw
19:02 bro accidentally admin deleted his teeth and became teethless
0:09 I dead thought that filter was him I got scared
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
EVERYONE WAKE UP LAZARBEAM HAS CAME BACK TO ROBLOX🔥🔥
Thank you for the great content!
😂 Lazar
12 Hour club
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Make a meme Olympics chapter 6 szn 2
This was super helpful, thanks!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
You should do another Minecraft series the game has changed quite a lot
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Do Doors it’ll be funny 😅
HERE IT IS LETS GO
Now it’s 22:30 in serbia and I am watching lazarbeam doing some bullshit
Very well done, appreciate this video!
So thats the reason why i see this man in my the strongest battlegrounds menu
Hey lazar beam fun fact my name is moby wondering if you could give me something in fisch
FINNYALY SOME ROBLOX SPEND SOME MONEY ON IT TOO
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Love the video ❤
it is so funny that there r so many lazarbeam haters and supporters but he treats them the same🤣🤣🤣
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
999k views in an hour lazar fell off                                                  ———— it’s a joke btw
Uzoth been helping people get admin c'mon bro
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
They took you off the fisch leaderboard
finally
Very well done, appreciate this video!
i knew this video was  coming after seeing u play roblox in sidemen among us
Bros back 😭😭😭 Been a fan since the construction machine shenanigans
2:14 this did NOT happen
Lazer got scammed in tsb those abilities are already in the game
Under three Years
SpongeBob and Patrick were such a great duo… sad to see the pink baddie (both very cute though) finally die 😢
In-{title card}
Lazarbeam uploaded a 20 minute video for the first time in years
THE GOAT HAS POSTED
W vid.. u know y BECAUSE IS LAZAR!!!
Lazar never dies
DAYUM great video Im subscribing 🗣️🔥🔥✔️✔️
The 20:56 laugh
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Can someone tell me the music he played at 10:50
Lazarbeam posting about Roblox you know he was bored
another high quality video from lazarbeam bullying kids
first
@Lazarbeam make a video about the Minecraft movie
Finally bro uploaded 0:46
13:35 "lazerbean"
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Wish you uploaded more
Lazar says he is an old man then immediately starts swearing 😂 0:29
I FUCKING LOVE YOU
3:40 that spongebob never getting kids anymore 😭😭😭
Does lazarbeam pin his comments lazarbeam test me ❤
11:42 bro doesn't know gojo
Yes know problem lazar this is so funny
he may not uploa that much anymore but he never fails to make me laugh
Great Video. See you all next month or something 🥲
11:59 lol
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
13:23 I pretty sure it isn’t copyright because the owners of the old song and the tsb owners collabed to make a whole new song specifically for kj
Thank you for the great content!
He uploaded
HE ACTUALLY UPLOADED LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
10:49 should be your new pfp
Can we 1v1
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
What's wrong with flamingo's face 😭😭😭🙏
LETS GOOI ANOTHER ROBLOX VIDEO !!!!!!!!!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
“For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son so that anyone who believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life” John 3:16. Jesus died and resurrected so YOUR sins could be forgiven. He loves you so much He suffered and gave His life for you so you may believe in Him and have eternal life. Change your heart and turn to Jesus. “Jesus said to him, ‘I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me.’” John 14:6. Jesus is the answer to all things and the only way to have true peace and eternal life after this world.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Finally an upload
I'm wachting on my guest account on my TV now I came to say thank you for this vid these my favourite vids I wacht like all of then 10 times
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Dive is not copyrighted (the song) and is free to use in gameplay.
W
PLEASE play dead rails its so fun with friends
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Imagine if he did blue lock rivels
Why have you not Ben uploading
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This drop just made my day thanks lazar
Yearly banger as usual
Hope you have a happy wedding
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Lazar and flamingo should Collab
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
YEESSS
deepwoken
so how tf did you manage to get the rivals admin commands that the owners rarely even show on other peoples videos, nevermind give them to someone, theyve only showed admin on videos a few times and here you are 😭
You explained this so well, thank you!
You slay lazar
12:03 oldest tsb player
UR GETTING ADDED TO TSB BRO
MOREEEE
Hello
Right at 13:39 my YouTube paused
HESSSSS BACKKKKK
Am I seeing Lazar PLAY BLOXFRUITS?? WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE😂
Prime lazar is back fuckkkk yeahhhhh
Yippee
11:02 OH NAH HELL????
so this is why there was a lazerbeam custom awakening outfit in tsb
bro ran out of money so he hda to post no hate i love your vids
So that’s what the unkillable moveset was
he rembered his Roblox password
0:11 nah keep it up I like these vids
Play dead rails
I KNEW LAZERBEAM WAS PLAYING TSB
I’ve missed these videos
Play schedule 1 on steam
Since when does Lazar get worried about being copyrighted?
try dead rails
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
THE KING HAS RISEN
Get me off the train!!
This will last me the next few months
Can u pls upload more
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
If you do this again, you should see if the deepwoken devs will let you do some trolling....it would be devious
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Use code lazer i was in video inblox fruits and bro finished me 😢😢
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
My monthly does of lazerbeam videos
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
5:45
Posted on my birthday w
Lazer beam!
The legend of YouTube is back
Thank you for the great content!
A pear approves of this Video
not showing the infinity move is wild
ilsa looks so happy it reminds me of my gf and me yall perfect together
this made me happy
Very well done, appreciate this video!
lazar would get demolished in blox fruits pvp even if he can 1 tap
The lazarbeam charater is just KJ's (custom lobby for him exclusively because so powerful) ultimate abilities with gojo's (private server charater) infinity (makes people slow when near)
You re the best ❤❤❤❤❤
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Very good video 😁
I've watched every video on the channel, and this is almost the longest one I've watched in a while LMAO. Love seeing this guy bullying kids ( dont take out of context)
GOD CREATED US TO LOVE US AND EVEN THOUGH WE SINNED AGAINST HIM HE DID NOT ABANDON US,BUT MADE A WAY FOR US TO BE RESTORED TO HIM THROUGH HIS SON JESUS;WHO DIED IN OUR PLACE AND IS RISEN...TRUTH.PRAYING IS TRUSTING THAT GOD HEARS YOU WHEN YOU SPEAK TO HIM AND MEANING WHAT YOU SAY...LETS PRAY,LORD JESUS I BELIEVE AND WELCOME YOU INTO MY LIFE,AMEN.*READ AND SPEND SPEND TIME WITH GOD DAILY,PUT YOUR TRUST IN HIM*ASK GOD TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HIS WORD*ALLOW THE HOLY GHOST TO LEAD YOU...I LOVE YOU BUT GOD THE TRINITY LOVES YOU UNCONDITIONALLY.
dive isnt copyright
Heees baaaack
What abt dead rails?
Lazar play downdead I will give u admin commands 😃
You explained this so well, thank you!
Lazarbeam  posted 🥲
vengo de parte de blecus xd
17:21  what song please someone tell me
the control command xD like 2007/2008 someone at Jagex took control of my friend in RuneScape, it was wild, we were in the wild and he was the last party member left. He looted and ran and got highjacked. Made it out, they didn't grief, but it was a first for us (we were LAN party in the library so like 5 of us witnessed this)
He's going to marry his friends sister. I love it 😂
At least you're accepting your fate that you're old
Bros Unc status😂
You gotta do blue lock rivals next time…
Please more Roblox videos
play strongest battlegrounds again
bro's finally back
10:45 CRAZY
lazardub
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Its been a long ass two years. I may be a grown man too, but don't let me wait that long again 🤣   I still want to see the NHL series again...they have some new gerbil goalkeepers you need to rough up
3:39 she said it so innocent😂
MY GRANDMA CAME BACK TO LIFE TO SEE THIS
Very well done, appreciate this video!
18:07  I’m level 2650
What song bean
W lazarbeam but keep bullying kids on Fortnite also use code lazar
lazarbeam so cool
Hi Lazarbeam, I'm a big fan of Spy from Mexico. I love you so much. :D
2 lazar uploads in 4 months we are cooking
U need to upload more u making me sad lazarbeam 😢❤
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Why did lazar skip blr💔
The sidemen among us teabag plays was the funniest moment love lazar
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
blox fruit is second popular? then what's number #1?
17:32 bros literally conquest 😭😭🙏
21:15 brother i couldn't control laughing at this part, Well played Mr Beam.
Great job, this video was very useful!
I think 5 season attack is referring to Fortnite meteorite
He’s back at it 🎉🎉
700,000 views in 10 hours? Bro fell off☠
Hes back with random ahhh roblox 🗣️🔥 Lazar being a massive troll is the best thing ever 🔥
lazarbeam playing fisch makes my day😊
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
pls do not ur clips
14:27 i accidentally took that out of context 💀💀💀
13:35 so funny
Fortnite
That's why
Lazarbeam you look so dry, drink more water dude 😭
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
finally he posted him using the moveset i been waiting ty good sir
He is back❤❤
THE LEGEND OF ROBLOX IS BACK
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Lettssss goooooo
Pls do Dead Rails
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
You should do a meme Olympics but in Roblox
Was the other guy who won omniman?
UR BACKKKK
11:56 Japanese flashbacks
USE CODE LAZER IN THE ITEM SHOP WHEN BUYING A BUNDLE
w
The audacity to skip dead rails💀
Finally Roblox
i saw you in sidemen playing some of these lmao
You haven’t posted madden in forever
fruit pls
I got a divorce add while watching this😂
5:15 that laugh
i remember years ago when you said you could of became a roblox youtuber making 3x the money instead of getting demonetized every video and its kinda funny
You are a w man
WHEN WILL YOU UPLOAD A FULL LENGTH VIDEO ON SEASON 2 MEMES THE SEASON IS CLOSE TO ENDING
bro pls go back to fortnite
Laser beam is always bullying kids🤨
AS OF THIS COMMENT, HE HAS #1 TRENDING!!!!!
9hrs
11:09 THATS THE UNKILLABLE MOVESET THAT NO ONE CAN USE EXCEPT FOR ADMINS
u should make ur channel specifically to make these roblox vids
Let’s go
15:14 Lol vindooly moment
you should play adopt me i want to make a video with you im 13
Rent was due😭
Mom come quick. Laser beam posted again
saw the teaser through the sidemen
#1 TRENDING 🗣🗣🗣🗣
WELCOME BACK YALL❤
Lazarbeam is baaaaaack
Yooooooooo he’s baaaaaaaaaack
ah so thats what that lazar moveset was for
Bro got spanket by his mom. 30sec
Finally after 1 billion years he posted
new challenge, learn how to skate and do a laser flip
“did you just call me a bean” was so funny😂😂
1:42 What her name 🤨🤨😳
Finally
The old man comes out of hibernation….
Hey Lazar.. my mom said to contact you .. I'm your son😢
pls livestream lawn mower simulator
THE BLOODY LEGEND IS BACK!!!!
Lazarbeam playing The Strongest Battlegrounds was NOT on my 2025 bingo card 😭
0:13 9 hours in tryna prove im still faithful to lazar❤️🎉
plz do some more fortnight vids with your son fresh
First upload in month 😢 are we gonna have another fearless
dame you lazar you killed me in the strongest battlegrounds
nahhhhh
20:47 "he's Roblox" "Yes i am roblox" *People disappears*  Made me laugh for some reason💀
Avid
ADD ME ON FORTNILE MU USERNAME IS BAGGY-CHUMP33
This vid so good that even sypherpk streamed it as he ate
Www
PLAY SCHEDULE 1
yessirrrrr
Ahh so the unkillable gamepass in tsb is for lazerbeam and it cost 100K? Dang that is greedy
Blocks fruits is paid to win
5:45
I don’t believe it’s been 2 years since ur last Roblox video
Lazarbeam with 6 weapons vs tanqr we NEED that video
i was aboutta crashout when DW was on the screen, but thankfully it didnt get chosen
WE NEED MORE SERIES OF THIS
SpongeBob 1:17 having a big head is terrifying
lazar try deepwoken
We missed ya bro XD
12:08  - 20-20-20 dropkick is too good to be true 😂😂😂
Rents due ahh video
Yipeeeeeee tsbg
YO THIS IS FIREE!!!!
Bro, I was literally watching all of the Roblox series as well as some random happy wheels videos and then this popped up that shit is hilarious. I predicted the future.😂
If the anime game doesnt wanna make you watch at least ONE anime, you might be too kool for school 😰
the lazarbeam tsb character finally revealed
lazar is back
Did you say daddyyy 😂 that is in a whole New World
18:06 “this game isn’t really pay to win” 💔💔💔
Get them roblox players! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!
U make me happy
You forgot to show infinity in the strongest battle ground
Loved it mannnn pls upload faster I love all of your videos ❤️
Whenever Lannan starts yelling at his computer, it reminds me of my experiences playing as Trevor in GTA 😅
Yesssssss hes back with roblox:)
Pog
YOOO
Lazar please make more robkox content
11:00
lazar beam to tsb reaction was priceless
can you bring random crap Friday back
ABOUT TIME YOU LEGEND!!!! We miss your stuff!
Lazar took the fishing game having more than br and zero build fn out of context 😭 Thats not what it has more
lisa was ai watch her
Bro, finally posted
Fortnite admin commands>
Dude i havent seen a new lazerbeam vid in a long time good to knoe your still funny asf bro
1:42 there name is crazy
Lazar lazar
more
Baddies!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA THIS WAS SO FUNNY LAZAR I LOVE YOU MAN!
Every couple years, Lazar returns to traumatize ROBLOX kids.. and I'm here for it.
glad to see old lazar is backk 1:00
oh thats cool man w lazar beam hes getting married
14:14 just proves that fortnight has lost people’s interest
blue lock
Under 1 day gang👇
Finally I’ve been waiting months for a new vid
Baddies is such a bad game. And the style is also whack as fuck.
finally these videos are back
I wish youtubers would use shift lock
Please play fortnite again
Hey lannan i turned 19 today lol
This guy is better then rip Indra imagine being better then a creater
FINALLYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh dragon talon acc thats from uzoth then
Bro finally made a popular game nice lol
@LazarBeam the strongest battle grounds scammed u its all KJ moves wich is was  a free character and was removed
I wish Flamingo made trolling videos this long :(
why does lannan not hire editors to edit his videos?  just seems tiring for him without one
I'm watching this in my hotel room
We got a sneak peak in the sidemen among us lol
Lazar you should play schedule 1
Have yet to see you try tpt2 it has 1.8 billion plays fun asf too
Lazar @itsUzoth commented
❤❤❤😂😂😂
*Wake up, LazarBeam posted ROBLOX!🎉🎉*
I remember watching that one when it first came out
Omg its the guy from among us
8:35 what is that name 😭😭
ofc TSB just gives him an already made character, names it LazarBeam, and makes him pay for it just to make some money
Crazy
Hi
😮
HE FINALLY DROPPED! btw I live in California so…..
HE LIVES👀
LazarBeam is back on roblox and its peak as always keep it up.
I saw you playing Strongest Battle Grounds on the moresidmen amoung us video.
My favorite Aussie posted 🫦
If i did this my main and alt accounts would be terminated in a heartbeat
Play tax fraud tycoon
is 15:27 just pwr alex?
12:29 thats aint clapping💀💀
LANAN PLEASE BRING BACK THE "I AM BORED SERIES"
What a beta doesn't know who Gojo.
More Roblox !!!!
15:03 😂😂😂😂
Hi
Wake up Lazar posted
Pov Lazar: another day another hudred to bully little kids
Try playing fisch with no “cheats” or blox fruits
more roblox videos like this❤
Lazar is the best YouTuber in the whole gosh damn planet
I want those shoes
I want gingy to become a staple of roblox
bro needed some money again
Where is Aries crossover
😍
close enough, welcome back flamingo.
Best series ever
THE CHAMPION  OF BULLYING IS BACK BABY WOO
Imamanwholovespeopkewholikelasarbeam
By the way blox fruits dress to impress and TSB both updated at the same time destroying Roblox private server
Instead of updateing Santino is making a lazarbeam move set 😔😔😔😔
HOLY SHIT UNC POSTED 🎉🎉🎉
What is your favourite hobby  Lazar beam cheating and winning against kids on Roblox
1:47 SWAMP IZZO
Here’s to Lazarbeam he’s true blue he’s a piss pot through and though he’s a Basterd so they say I bet you want to get though the day (idk) DOWN DOWN DOWN DOWN SIP SIP what do we say to Lazarbeam? HES ALL RIGHT!!
Play bluelock rivals
Why is Omni man playing dress to impress
I love your videos
Play more ficsh
People are just hating like you just good you don’t got hacks 🙄
I watched this drunk
Wow! my son will love this
use code LAZAR
Same time as amomg us?
18:00 IVE PLAYED THESE GAMES BEFORE
Bro didn't play the Brookhaven
Lazar will always be the BLOODY LEGEND!!!!!  Edit: I forgot to make an announcement by Lazar “USE CODE LAZAR”
Hi
Hello
Next flamingo
NOW I KNOW WHY I COULD SEE LAZARBEAM CHARACTHER BUT I COULDNT USE ITTTT
More! More bans!
BRO THOSE SHOES ARE FROM FORTNITE
knew this was coming since the Roblox cameo in the newest among us vid 😭
he's back
Well at least now we know why the strongest battlegrounds hasen't updated in like 5 months
These videos are surpassing Mr.beast quality. Keep up the great videos 👍
What about basketball zero it should be in top 5
Play OG Fortnite please I miss you
where you recording this while playing sideman among us?😂
play phantom force
Ummm how can it be visited 50bil times there’s only 8bil people
next time play blue lock rivals
Lazywazy wut u mean   this random late night upload it was just Noon lol
dude youve done this same video idea like 4 times in fortnite and 5 times in roblox, you seriously cant be this washed on content. almost like your only uploading like once a month now just for the money
This game isn't pay to win got me dying
MY FAVORITE SERIES IS BACK
YES THE TRUE BLUE HAS UPLOADED AGAIN!!!
Lazarbeam… that’s a name I haven’t heard in a while
11:45 it would have if you’re from jujutsu Kaisen
Finally a Roblox game again
You never done once you bully your always
You’re back
THIS IS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR IN AWAKENING OUTFITS IN ROBLOX
GET OFF
16:24 ONE PIECE REFERENCE(whiteboards ship)
HES BACK
u shouldve done blue lock rivals lol i couldve gotten you admin easily
why is ilsa lowkey hot
I love you, LazarBeam
Seriously😡😤🤬 I went to sleep like FIVE MINUTES before this video came out!😭😢
@LazerBeam 1v1 me on blox fruits you won't you chiken
Finally lazar updated
WE NEED MORE ROBLOX
13:37 oh god
I have been waiting for this video for 2 years🎉🎉
LETS GOOO
Kinda wish bro did bluelock
BazerLeam
I got this notification at 12 am
Plz make more vids i love watching them ❤❤❤❤ use code LAZAR❤❤❤
Are we not gonna talk about it? 3:42
love u beam beam
You're never too old to bully children -someone respectable, maybe
Ok
I'm sorry, but you look like you're in 50 years old.Or something.Shouldn't you not be playing games that are made for young people.
bro is the next flamingo
We already knew that LazarBeam would play the stronget battlegrounds...
I Iove your videos pls upload more
bro these admin videos PEAK
More Roblox vids plz I beg
No way HE"S BACK!!
We’re is arise crossover
The kings uploaded finally 😊
22:17 there we go 2⃣
finally..
Play blue lock rivals
I thought i would never see the day that lazarbeam upgrades again... 😂
Give robux plss
Please don’t get mad at me, but Jesus died for you and me and the infinite love and grace he has for you is just for the worst of you or the best of yourself so don’t take him for granted
Gojo  is my profile picture
🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
these gettin boring bro come up wit sum new
HES BACK
8:34 there’s no way 😭
Make more roblox content 🙏
Back again  🗿
18:33 WAIT HE LOWK TAPPED IN
Lazar getting to powerful w this Roblox stuff man 💔🥀😭✌️
Hold up lazar plays Roblox?
0:28 yes
Yes he uploaded
BACK TO ROBLOX VIDS!??!?!?!?!??!
the Australian is back,
Only Lazarbeam can get me watching a roblox video
Its great to have you back us fans missed you
hes alive!
The fact that he was playing Roblox after he died in sidemen among us cheating 😂
8:35 "Free_Diddy17" is a WILD name
I miss these roblox vids.....
Miss when he made good videos 😭
I wonder how many of these kids you have wrecked and confused destroyed their devices
Please play schedule 1🙏🙏🙏
SWAMP IZZO 1:48
They really made lazarbeam pay 100k robux for a character lmao
One video a month isn't enough
I luv u for playing some of my fav games (baddie not included)
the bodies he was grossed out by I own, and i don’t know how to feel about it
I luv u for playing some of my fav games (baddie not included)
yay
Am I the only one who thinks Laser beam sounds like knife from high on life?
He remembers his password
darkblade is so cool
8:36 of course bros gonna do that. Look at his name lol
ITS A GOOD DAY LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Finally, another Roblox video by the way can you add me?
he posted...
W
This was 100% recorded whilst dead in among us 😂
i saw your youtube pfp in awakening outfit selection like a month ago and i KNEW this was gonna happen
Ofc the strongest battleground owner makes you pay 1000$
I thought it was one of his old videos but it’s not soo LETSS GOO
14:28 had me dying
:0
PLEASE MORE LAZAR
the worm is creepy
Can I have the nessi plz my name is drippyarthur
Finally!
HELLO
Old man returns missed you mr beam ❤
No chapter 6 season 2 meme Olympics
USE CODE LAZAR
Early gang
Yayyyy after 2 years i been waiting
Bean boy
Yessssssssss final i can see kids rage
I knew blox fruits was coming i saw uzoth on his friends list a week ago
Unkillable moveset leaked
187 Straßenbande 🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊
YES IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR YEARS!!!
''Even with admin commands im getting flexed'' got me laughing so hard
i think i'll enjoy this
TSB!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can u do more Roblox videos? (They are the Best XD)
18:05 “now this game isn’t really pay to win” the $50 dragon fruit that pretty much one shots anything even in pvp:🫥
I missed this series
bro is an absolute menace💀
IT HAPPENED THE TSB ONE OMG
He should collab with flamingo and do this again
its officially canon that Lazarbeam is Gojo
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
I hope this video is in Spanish. 😮
The music was created for strongest battle grounds so i dont think you would have gotten copy righted
THE BLOODY LENGEND IS BAAAAAAACK🎉🎉🎉
LAZERBEAM FINALLY DROPPED!!!! 🔥🔥🔥
hi
THE GUY FROM FORTNITE!!!!!
I missed you play Roblox at that time like you had 200,000 to 500,000 then you started fortnite...
Nice
Love you lazar pls post more
17:51 i spent $2000 on that game js to quit right before they revamped it with the kitsube fruit
Sub to lazarbeam! Almost at 23 million!
It’s been so long since a Roblox video
you should totally come back to minecraft content, with the movie coming out and all
He finally posted 😅😅😂😂😊😊
Eh. Not as fun to watch when ya just use the commands
Fortnite lawless meme Olympics plz USE CODE LAZAR
W lannan
Ok.. that moveset in tsb is actually broken.
this is diabolical 2 years since he did this video bro it seems liek yesterday
9:51 got me dying
hey lazar can we play together?
FINALLY an upload I don’t care if it’s Roblox you finally posted
why was this uploaded at 3am
Upload schedule needs fixin
5:00 IS THAT AN ULTRAKILL REFERENCE?
You should play grounded
i luv laser beam :)
bro good job
13:08 no way bro spent 100000 robucks for kj
New Lazar video = a good day
not knowing gojo in 2025 is WILD.
This video was a little weird ngl
saw a couple tweets about this a while back, nice to see it actually happened
Please come back to YT full time
YES LAZARBULLY RETURNS
Hello lazarbeam Edit 1 Omg 6 likes that’s the most I’ve ever gotten!
Finally Lazarbeam goddamn uploaded
5:09 bro might be punisher "Judge,Jury Executioner!"
We're is the lazerbeam fein
RIVALS!
LAZERBEAM HES TRUE BLUE HES THE PISS POT THROUGH AND THROUGH!
It's a great day when lazarbeam uploads
When we needed him the most he posted a Roblox video
sometimes i envey this guy like hes so lucky
Good shi
Who’s watching right now 😂
Not even a minute in and he swears
I WANT 5 OF ‘EM
W lazarbeam
BLYATT
I didn’t know admins in rivals could turn the game into ultra kill
Blox fruits YESSSSSSS PLS JURASSIC WORLD EVOLUTION 2 PLSSSSSS❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
No way he played fisch
Please do Jujutsu shenanigans next it's funny
Thanks for this vid I’ve been waiting so long
Imagine seeing lazarbeam in your server destroying the world
USE CODE LAZAR
W vid LazarBeam
gojo is a demon human looking guy from anime jujustu kaisen
Anybody else knew this was comming from the sidemen among us video😂😂😂
Didn’t roblox get banned in Australia
Lazarbean fucking legend haven’t had an episode of r9blox two yrs
11:06 so that explains the Lazarbeam icon when picking awakening outifts😭😭🙏
Welcome back Lazer beam
I love the Roblox videos Please do more
How to make chocolate chip cookies: 2 3/4 cups (345 g) all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon cornstarch 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup (226 g) unsalted butter, cold and cubed 3/4 cup (150 g) light brown sugar, packed 2/3 cup (130 g) granulated sugar 1 egg, plus 1 egg yolk, room temperature 1 tablespoon vanilla 2 1/4 cups (405 g) chocolate chips (I use a mix of semi-sweet, bittersweet and dark chocolate chips) flakey sea salt, for sprinkling (optional) Cook Mode Prevent your screen from going dark INSTRUCTIONS Preheat the oven to 375°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the cold butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar on low speed. Gradually increase the speed and cream the butter and sugars together for 4 to 5 minutes, until pale and fluffy. There should be no visible chunks of butter in the mixture. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.  Add the egg and egg yolk, one at time, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl between each addition.  Mix in the vanilla. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, cornstarch and salt.  Add the dry ingredients to the butter and egg mixture in two additions. Mix on low speed until just combined. Do not over mix. Add the chocolate chips all at once and mix for just 10 seconds to combine. Do not over mix the dough.  Remove the bowl from the mixer and use a large cookie scoop to divide the dough into 2 ounce cookie dough balls. Place on a parchment lined baking sheet.  Roll the cookie dough balls between the palms of your hands until smooth. Work quickly so that the dough does not get too warm. Place the balls of cookie dough 2 to 3 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Top each ball with a few extra chocolate chips if desired. Bake in the center rack of the oven for 9 to 10 minutes. Check the cookies around 7 minutes into baking. If the cookies are still mounded on top, lift the cookie sheet about 3 to 4 inches above the baking rack and drop it firmly. Repeat if needed. This will flatten out the cookies and help create delicious pools of melted chocolate.
Crazy
the fact he got admin on blox fruits is mad
Before this vid was made I was looking at awakening outfits In the strongest battle grounds and I saw lazerbeam and I guess this vid explains it
Lazarus beam is a baddie
peak lazarbeam content
100 000 robux... Least greedy roblox dev
BEST VIDEO FOR A WHILE TBH
Yo wake up, Lazarbeam is back.  1:03 That is my friend's skin.
3am is crazy tho
oh this is the video he was recording in the among us video
Yes 👏
its been a while you need to sort out your video schedule
The fact that they would rather reuse move for a character instead of working on the update is crazy.
I missed this series
Why does that 20-20-20 dropkick angle go so hard. Like, damn, I want to see them make a fighting game outside of Roblox after that
11 ads in one video is crazy work bro
The summer is saved with this
Nothing like waking up to a lazarbeam video and realizing it was at 3am
Finally the old lad finally does Roblox
LazarBeam can I get a heart?
YAY LAZARBEAM
Welcome back old man
Play dead rails
Guess who’s back. back again lazars back tell a friend
Lazarbeam legit got scammed by strongest battlegrounds devs cuz 100k robux just for KJ is overkill
Bro is playing with shoes full of cement 💀
Thank you for the Roblox upload I’ve been dieting for these
Lazarbeam playing a battlegrounds game is something i thought I'd never see
Unc is getting old
Lazarbeam is more important than getting ready for my holiday
When are you going to do season 2 meme olympics
Bro doesn’t know Gojo how
Alternative title - "I asked my Dev friends to help my Girlfriend in Roblox XD"
YESSSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THUS AGAIN🎉🎉🎉🎉
The bruh moment for me is that k went to sleep one hr before you uploaded 😆
this stuff is hilarious
the legend is back…
Good day when Lazar posted
Gosh you are old
THE ROBLOX LEGEND IS BACKKKK
Bro sayd you lilte shit how dare you😂😂😂
Yesssssss
Bro randomly drops bangers 😢
😅
2:04 was that caseoh?
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
Should of done dead rails
I LOVE THIS ROBLOX IS BACK
8:35 what the fuck is that second dudes name😭
How did bro get the admin charecter in tsb
You could have played my game.
Always a good decade when Lazarbeam uploads ❤
LazarBeam I’m so happy you uploaded
Yo you forgot dead rails
Under a day  👇
I love you lazarbeam
FINALLY
Back to roblox content I see (:
17:52 Technically 3 million
I guess his bills were do
Omg he posted another yearly video😂😂
Legit didn’t know you hadn’t unalived
more NOW!!
bringing back one of my favorite vids 2 years later 🥹
I guess every so called hacker I meet I'll just call Lazar or a random youtuber using admin
Finally He uploaded
the fall off needs to be studied
LAZARBEAM DROPPED LETS CELEBRATE🥳🥳🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🥳🥳🥳
THATS WHY YOUR FACE WAS IN THE STRONGEDT BATTLEGROUNDS
That first map is geniunely horrifying
Always a good day when Lazarbeam uploads
Do dandy’s wold
Even Lannan doesn’t want to play fortnite
It's so wierd to not have him say my girlfriend ilsa after all these years
Your words remind me of my old days when i used to work nine to five, now $93k fortnightly, retired my parents and i are in good health!!!❤️
Favorite YouTuber w video
Never thought that lazar would waste his time on the bandit beater (Blox fruits)
Your back on Roblox let’s gooooooo
No, it’s not two years since your last Roblox video it’s been two years since your last video! Where is the uploads!
I know its gonna be a great day when he uploads
Never thought I'd see Lazarbeam play blox fruits
I live in America so it was 3:54 in the morning also keep making these videos
7:15 bruh
Imagine if rivals game me that 😂
Loving the upload schedule
yippe
of couse the TSB devs charge 100k robux.
We missed this
Just in time for my food
What happened to DANI ????
we want MORE!!!
Nah block fruits is crazy
LazarBeam, I miss you so much. You’re the best YouTuber in the world.
Always a good month when lazarbeams once per 2 months vid comes out
someone spent 6m for a moveset and have to get ult w/ it this guy spending 100k for the same one but w/ infinity💔💔
My brother who plays Roblox has recently been going through cancer treatment. He's only young, and I decided to play with him so I'm a few hours late to the video
More lazer trolling lil timmys is funny
No joke that’s the first time I heard lazar casually say Lisa my fiancée it just warms my heart
Why do I like his roblox content more then his fortnite content...
7:56 that was with jacseptikye
Lazar should have asked the devs to add guns for him in every roblox game lol
5:46 "come from behind and dominate" wym by that LAZAR?
THE OG IS BACK
LOVE YOU LAZER
We are blessed today huh
So you and ilsa are sort of close now
The fact that the strongest battlegrounds devs didn't even give him admin for free shows a lot
Nah, cus that's crazy
Finally he uploads 🥳
Bro completely shat on 8 years old
4 hrs 215k
Bro remembered his YouTube password
LETS GOOOO!!! YOU KNOW ITS A GOOD DAY WHEN LAZARDBEAM UPDATES
It's not copyrighted music
Please do more of these Roblox videos 😊
13:50 metal bat does this its a normal sight to behold
This is scaring that he's gonna get admin in fortnite 😭😭😭😭
uhh this is so insane no one ever gets admin in these games not even flamingo, the biggest roblox youtuber. thats insane that he even gets this opportunity!!!
We are so back with Roblox
april fools was 5 days ago man, how have we gotten ANOTHER lazar upload  🔥
I love Lazarbeams humor so much 😂
14:08 I really love that you pointed that out. Do more Roblox content.
Its abput time you post
WHY DID YOU SKIP DEAD RAILS😭😭
no way he didnt play blue lock rivals
its your best videos when u do dumb crap in roblox
Pretty lazer lazar😅
13:23 the music is actually commissioned by the developer himself and its called "Dive!!" by A-One, for those wondering.
Yippee new lazar vid 🎉
18:41 is that uzoth alt admin account??
18:06 biggest lie in the entire video
It’s been 2 years bro/W Vid though
9:50 "YOU LITTLE SHIT, HOW DARE YOU!!" Spoken like true husband
bros playing some fucking baddies instead of blr with 3 times the player count
That is so original
should’ve done dead rails and bllk rivals 💔
he remembered his password
the guy yelling swam izzo is a g
BEST YOUTUBER EVER🗣️🔥🔥🔥
YEAAAAAAA NEW VID
Is this why Lazar had a ultimate outfit option in Strongest Battlegrounds..?
hi
Lannan amazing vid
Your my favourite streamer ever
Seeing lazer back to bullying kids on roblox is peek life
You need to do Brookaven it has 80 billion visits
Late night upload
You where the guy who exposed me to adult stuff
15:48 no Lannan noooo
Rents due❤
LOVE YOU LAZERRRR TAKE CARE AND BE SAFE
Bro is a Fortnite kid but doesn’t know who Gojo is😭😭
THIS SERIES IS BACK AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!
Bruh u upload when y run out of money
The Strongest Battlegrounds thing is fake, like bro i know every move from that move set…
He came back when the world needed him most
LOVE THE RETURN TO ROBLOX, EVERYONE USE CODE LAZARRRRRRR!
3 HOURS AGO YAY
finally lol
I miss u lazar
Bro this guy is a legend he is funny has hell😂
Where have you been you old doggy!!
lazarbeam, you don’t know who gojo is? i’m disappointed, watch jujuitsu kaisen bro. best anime
Yay love this series we needed more of him bullying chidlren
Lazarbeam!!!!!!!!! YES!
Always a good millennia when Lazarbeam posts
Play lethal company I think you will be hilarious 😂
Bro took way too long to upload😭😭
saintino is so lazy he js  used old moves for lazer and made him pay he js aint a good dev
HI LAZAR
oi u should defenetly try playin Block tycoon its good as, make a video about it people will love it<3 ❤
There is something about a grown man yelling at children that is so funny to me.
BLOX FRUIT PAY 2 WIN
Glad he's back but them shoes are fire.  Where we getting em.
The Roblox series is back, I’m now satiated
12:06 wtf
Keep posting Roblox content it’s so good
Good to see Lazarbeam bullying people again
YESSSS FINALLY LAZAR PLAYING ROBLOX ONCE AGAIN
1:01 👁️
YOUR BACK DOING IT YESAAAA
Code Lazar guys 🐀
lazar is back from the dead code lazar in the shop
I saw u doing this in sidemen among us 😂😂
roblax
Lazar gave us a sneak peak in the sidemen among us video
I do believe i missed the proposal arc?
The Kids went quiet since LazarBeam started bullying kids again lol
hes back
Return to the battlegrounds genre as there are many other different types out there including heroes battlegrounds and legends battlegrounds, and oh trust me, they do have admin characters 0_0  Noice return for a nice return missed you man you bloody legend🔥🔥🔥
It’s a good year when lazarbeam posts
We all love the bloody random posts of Lazar! 7pm, hell yeah!
*skims video* *sees no games i play* alr i don't have a reason to watch this now
Lazar on BloxFruits- This is not a P2W game  Blox fruits - Wdym I’m the most p2w game ever
UNC IS FINALLY HERE!!
Yo
Some things mever change and lazar bringing banger content is one of them ❤
Bro I was just playing
I think you should do this on a different account so then people don’t know it’s you then that will be hilarious
LAZARBEAM IS GOATED GANG
13:37 funniest part
i fought alongside you in a rivals 5v5 not displayed in the video. gg fr, your godmode was op 😭
Lazar do roblox olympics
this is a true LazarBeam Video
i love that moment where he called lazarbeam a bean 13.35
Finally uploaded
ahem satrou gojo is called the strongest sorcerer
Rent's due
This is such a funny video
Fuckin around with cmds is one of my fav thing to do lmao
On his flamingo ark
Bro recorded this during sidemen among us recording
Lazar is just like me. Brutal to kids… and I’m 13
He lives in Australia, dude😊
NAZUNATUBA 😂
Finally, another Roblox video after two years
1 pm for me
Chapie
21:12. 500,000 $   on.   A.    Vedo
hop on deepwoken
5:45 pause
lazarbeam is like my dad, he only comes around when he wants money
just got home from prom, and seeing a lazar post makes me happy.
You need commands on dead rails next!!!
15:19 yeah leave that to the American schools😳
do more roblox videos, they are so entertaining
W
lazar what afl team do u support?
MOM DAD LAZARBEAM POSTED
Lazar shall become albertsstuff
17:31 dude sounded like ethangamertv
USE CODE LAZAR
I remember this guy. He used to be a famous youtuber
HES BACK !
0:15 MURDEM ALLL BUDDY
He’s FINNALY back 😭
YESSSSS ROBLOX👍👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏🙏😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀
Been watching you since 2K and GTA, I’m a roblox content creator now, I study you bro. You’re One of the people I envy!
Lazarbeam ive watched you on my dads phone when I was 6 and I enjoyed your Fortnite content I finally found u and im happy you uploaded:D❤
lazar makes better admin vids than Flamingo
Under a day gang
6:43 "i won by just a little bit" meanwhile bro has 190 kills and the other highest person has 51
sigma
that’s me lmao 16:47  sold my soul to play this game 💔
I had join the giveaway   Please lemme win and I get to use "Code: Lazar" forever
Watching you play roblox is so hilarious 13:36 reasonable crashout 🤣
11:42 bro pissed of the whole anime fandom with single line
Video title should be "the best way to release anger" 😂
The first game was leaked in sidemen among us
How did bro get admin in blox fruits😭
Love this
HES BACK FINALLYY
i cheated on my wife, it was so EPIC
5:46 ???
He’s back!!!
what sidemen among us does to a man
Hey Lazarbeam now that your back on Roblox you should come back to Minecraft
You know I guarantee you. You made this video because you realized too late that there was a million dollar event, and then you realized that roblox, sabotaged it or if not, you should've known that
Plau evade with friends (yeahhdososisoso poopy)
Lazer saying Gojo is something i did NOT expect to ever happen.
Bro got to cheat in rivals and blox fruits 😂😂
i been missing these
Yo
UNDER AN HOUR
Please mor Fortnite
Please mor Fortnite
OMG BLOX FRUITS, STRONGEST BATTLGROUNDS
Bullying Roblox kids in the big 2025? Still satisfying
love LAZAR use code lazar
Lazar Beam I have never had so much fun eatching Roblox, awesome content!! Keep Rocking Lannan!!
3:40 bro WHY DID YOU SAY tHAT
Love the videos, man. Keep uploading.
Omg he's uploaded
Roblox is back
Bro Laserbeam I’ve waited 1 months bro
3:41 you hitting what 😅
day 2 asking for you to by me a cheap pc❤
WE MISSED THIS SO MUCH THANK YOU LAZER
yes bullying at its finest
I feel like after the latest Sidemen Among Us Lazar recorded this while he was dead
10:39 it's the game from the sidemen among us episode
Hi
Lazar daddy
Thank God
Let’s go we finally got lasers once a chapter video
It’s 3 in the morning….
13:03 average tsb player
YESSSSS LAZER POSTED
Never stop bullying Roblox kids 😂
Let’s go new laser beam video
BRO DONT KNOW WHO GO/JO IS ?
23:35 eye strain solution. Projector displays. An hdmi mini 1080p projector is only $50. Perfect for work. Reflected light is always better than direct light. Remember, doctors profit from us being sick, simple solutions usually work best.
Oh my gosh! A laser beam video you've just made my day
Hell yeah alwayse a good decade when lazar beam uploads
sigma
Climate action policies are shaping the sustainability of the New World.
HELL YEH NEW VID
Where's the fortnite videos???
Omg finally he posted it’s like once a year 😂, jk I still enjoy every minute of this 💯
13:24 This isn't copyrighted.
can you give me infinite server luck in fisch pls
This may be the most troll video of all time
FIRE VIDEO LAZER ❤
Uuuhggg finally a video❤
Oh noice
the water bill came so he had to upload
Fortnite meme olimpics? 🤨
Let’s go LAZAR
Time to wait another month😔
Still the best at what he does, which is disappear for two months and upload a single video before disappearing again😅
He remembers he has a channel
Holy, only last night I watched a Roblox video of yours, And this… Absolute cinema. Thanks for curing depression across the word lannan!
Lazarbeam: "Through secret methods I have gained admin in the top Roblox games" 999+ missed calls from Flamingo
pushing 40 btw
Lazar is getting a guideline again
Didn’t expect to see you on bloxfruits 😱
Yeet
Bro is back to roblox
Play pet simoleter 1 next time
Give me robux
1:40 LOL thats so funny thanks for playing our game @LazarBeam
well done for recording sidemen among us and a roblox video at the same time
I legit would watch this man doing his diches and i would think that is entertaining
Hii😊😊
ok
Who is sigma
Yeesh, Didn't expect to be somewhat early. It's 2am for me and this video was uploaded an hour ago lmao. Anyway, Love you Lazarbeam! Been watching ya since the happy wheel days and fortnite memes. This is probably one of my favorite series (at least the pay to win roblox ones)   Hope you're doing well, goodnight/morning :)
This was amazing
Hello
yess yessssss we need that energiee
Can u play rivals pls
LMAO
WE'RE BACK IT AGAIN BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
It’s an amazing day when lazarbeam uploads
WHY DONT YOU POST
I like watching you're videos lazerbeam
GUESS WHOS BACK🔥🔥🗣️
E.
7:24 theme is to dress like a dragon rider  Lazarbeam: ok now i have made myself the purple stormtrooper 😂😂😂
3am my time lets go
you know it's a good day when LazarBeam uploads
Yoo lazar make your own game and make little kids join then troll them
DIH?
1219
anyone else watching this back on Monday, 20th of May 1940?
1 hour gang
Hi lazar
Yes
certified what am i doing up at 4 am EST moment
Thank you
Balls
rip those poor kids
Finally
Best video ever thank you so much laser I am subbed and a massive fan watched all ur videos more then twice
love u lazar❤️
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
The full video of the sidemen among us teaser trailer
I love you lazar
Me and LazarBeam have something in common WE'RE AUSSIES
Loll
lazar discovering anime battlegrounds is like cavemen discovering fire
Keep posting Lazarbeam
GUYS BIG BOI RETURNS
MORE OF THESE VIDEOS!!!!!!!!!!
Under 1 hour gang 👇
Bro don’t know who gojo is 11:43
Wassssssssssaaaaaaaap
21:12 time to state my political beliefs as uzoth 😭
YEEEEEEETTT
Harry potter is dead 20:55
3:41 thats painful
Bro got the best and untainable moveset for free lol
0:00 banger starts
You should join my crew for 72 hours on bloxfruits fr ( i want pirate king title)
Bro uploaded a video at 10am and said it was midnight😂
WHY are you posting 4 in the morning
Its 4 am bro
no ONE can beat SLINGSHOT
Yay pls play Fortnite with me please please please please
Yes
no.
After like 20 years he’s returned, bros next upload is gonna be in 2030
Finally bloxfruits
how does no one know Rivals bro it is so popular
Bro recorded this 11:52 during sidemen among us
I like you have ilsa for vengeance!
WHATTT
Seeing Lazar with Admin on Roblox is a sight to behold
This made me sad that i never will get gas fruit😢😢😢😭😭😭😭
My best series 😭
I had a feeling this was coming when you played this on the most recent sidemen Among us when you died
20:53 What was that Dr Eggman ahhhh laugh
You’re alive
Thank you laser for uploading
No one looks at my shorts😢
oh lawd
He finallyupload again
respect our elders
Bro finally remembered the login
I KNEW IT
Under 1 hour gang
that is my friend bbbuddy, at 1:50. Me and my friends were fighting you on the baddies game XD
*Old times...*
welp, dads back again
I MISS U LAZARBEAM , CAPITALISM!!!!!
lazar love me
You should do a video were you try to beat deadraill with no hacks or robux!
how can i get the shoes? hahaha
Always a good day when LazarBeam uploads
8:28 free diddy !?!?
What’s up lazerbean ❤😊
I love you !!! I’m in Australia to come to meeeeeee make more Roblox vids
Swamp izzo
lazerbeam your the best youtuber i enjoy your  videos  please post more
the return of roblox 🔥
now we know why there was a lazerbeam icon in awakening outfits in the strongest battleground
uzoth gave him his account lol
been watching bro for 7 years and then he hops of some of my favourite games and using admin :D Thank you for playing them (Need help in tsb my user is killery702).
Brian did not deserve ths😭
lazar love you mate
YESYESYYESYESYES A ROBLOX POSTTTT
Yes
Im white and racist, give me likes now😊
Lazar beam tryna understand who gojo is and prounoucing anime will never not be funny to me
You know its a good day when lazarbeam uploads.
I imagine a 6 year old raging because they die all the time😂
always a good day when lazarbeam uploads
It’s 450 in the morning in Rochester
You know it’s a good day when lazar beam uploads 😂🎉❤
7:50 wait what? what did i miss
I stayed up to watch this video and I'm starting to think I'm turning into lannan with eyes but I'm not from Australia or a big YouTuber like him
NO WAY THATS ME AT THE START 1:50
ofc the money hungry battlesgrounds puts a 100k robux item for laser
Wouldve been cool to see some dead rails cheats
Forgot unc was still on here
Oh and I’m hitting it’s d got me rolling 😂3:42 it was so unexpected 😂
Like this comment if u ❤ Fortnite 🎉🎉
pls dont go bald'
ROBLOS IS BACK
I challenge you and Ilsa to a DTI battle 😎
Tsb devs doing anything but updating their game😭
finally bro
Finallyyyyyyyy a videoooooooooo keep up uplauds (lazar your the goat)❤
7:52 it’s Daenerys Targaryen
Anyone here in 2099???
Can you dead rails
ROBLOX VIDEOS ARE BACK🎉🎉🎉
Ima have nightmares of going into a Roblox server and see you in there😂
YEHHHHHH
Still a w video
Where’s the og Fortnite content
It is a good day boys  NEW LAZARBEAM UPLOAD
That filter at the start changed basically nothing witn your looks
Anyone here 2125
finally back
In 1 hour🎉😂
mrbeast upload schedule ahh youtuber
All of that wait for a lazarbeam video, than it happens to be a Roblox video 💔
Its a good day when lazar uploads...
😂
under 1 hour gang👇
Rents due
18:05 you crazy or smth this game is p2w af
Under 1 hour gang 👇
YES A NEW VID FINALLY
Crazy how 1 week after i rewatched the lazar's roblox videos lazar dropped
Bro has no video ideas
"I'm not here to shoot these kids." Quote of the year 👏👏👏
robox vids are so good
Bro getting beat by a bacon 0:30  😭
can you maybe try get me in a call with uzoth it my dream
Lazarbeam you are the best ❤
9:47 CrashoutStreamerBtww
Bro if you're trying other games, why not do an soul's game challenge. Would love to see you beat sekiro😂
LazarBeam playing strongest battle grounds made my day😂😂
people who are here less then an hour ago
Yes the yearly Lazarbeam upload😂
Lazar are we gonna get constant uploads i really missed your videos?
2:01 Lannan making people fat before GTA 6....
bro fr got admin powers on 6 of the worst games on roblox rn
3:42 oh and I’m hitting it’s d has got me rolling😂she sounded so innocent while saying it
Here before it gets 200k views   I I V
Bros name at 8:34 is wild 💀
61k views in 1 hr bro fell off
the best series finally came back!! lazarbeam bullying in roblox !!!!!!!!!
Finally uploaded again 😂😂
Under 1 hour gang👇
holy finally
W vid
Bro uses devs powers to let his rage out on 7 yr old kids 🤣
Damn latest ive seen a lazar vid drop
HE FINALLY POSTEDDDDDDDDDDDDD YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS. I BRUISED MY ANKLE REALLY BAD AND NOW THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVEEEEEERRRRRRRR.
W upload, love the Roblox vids
Classic tsb owner not even free 😂😂😂😂
Omg lazar upload
Just finish watchung lazar in sidemen amongus and now this 🎉🎉
The 1hr gang  👇🏼
Good one mate
0:15 i feel like i have reached unc status
This series is goated 😭
What in the krabby patty
Once a decade ahh YouTuber
1:30 No one hears a Word They say Has the memory gone  Are you feeling numb Not a Word they say I can play this game so I aks again
lets go
Honestly one of the best lazarBeam video ever
Pls more Fortnite videos
why am i awake at 4:31 am
yes lannan DESTROY THERE HOPES AND DREAM
How HOw
Anyone who is her in 2027 0:38
Bros in his roblox era
albert mentioned?????
I KNEW IT WAS GONNA BE THE STRONGEST BATTLEGROUNDS BECAUSE THERE WAS A BUG WHICH SAW YOUR PICTURE IN THE AWAKEN OUTFIT THING
under 1 hour gang
Under one second gang—>
Hello Lazarbeam 🎉 glad to see you
Minecraft video soon pleaseee
theres no way bros uploading this after giving us a sneak peak from the more sidemen among us video 😭😭💀💀
Lazarbeam uploaded ❤️🥰
55 minutes
The start is crazy
I'm in  America it's 3:00
How dare this be hidden form me for 58 minutes
Knowing that he prolly recorded this while recording the sidemen among us vid 😂
Bro was Born To Dominate These Games 😭
Play rainbow six siege
less than an hour gang
i LOVE THESE VIDEOS GOATED
Haha he is back
13:28 bro was stunned by the impact
UNDER AN HOUR YEAHHHHHH
THIS IS WHY YOUR IN THE STRONGEST BATTLE GROUND!
Under 1 hour 👇
Always nice to start the day with a lazarbeam video!
W upload lil bro upload more mate
Under an hour gang--->
Under 1 hour gang 👇
Lazarbeam's monthly post
UNC IS BACK!!!!!!
Life’s is really hard rn I needed this couldn’t be any better timing
Under a hour😊p
Roblox series back ?
hi lazarbeam💩
I WAS WATCHING AT THREE AND I SAW A NEW VID I WAS SOOOO HAPPPYYY
It’s been too long
Featured in the rivals part :D @RNG_bigboss
Anyone here in 2017
FREAKING BLR WAS RIGHT THERE NOOOO
Under 1 hour gang 👇 Edit: lazarbeam plz respond i used your code when I got your skin love you lazarbeam
Lazarbeam fans anywhere 😂
It's a good day when Lazarbeam uploads
Finally ur BACK on roblox, keep on uploading lazarbeam.
LAZAR
Never been this early
Oil laser also auzzie
bro instantly became the Blox Fruits God
i have been waiting for this....
Hi LazarBeam. Please can you read the new educational book called 'The Replacement People of the Bible', and see what the rabbis and priests have been hiding for thousands of years about Prophet Muhammad being prophesied in the Old Testament. Also, how the Muslims got the West out of the Dark Ages, which the Western educational institutions are hiding from people.
Australians 👇👇
Hazard bean becomes,  a blox fruit player,  but first watch one piece
15:53 sounds horrible when out of context
Who else loves these series?
You know it’s a good day when Lannan films
Lazarbeam coping with his baldness by balding other people in a roblox game
50mins
Lazarusbarem
Your my special GOAT😊
49 mins lol w
It’s 4:19 bro go to sleep 😭🙏
The Roblox kids thought they were safe for 2 years
letsgoo the goat uploaded
lazarbeam ur so tuff also bring back tiktok bored videos 😜😜😜😘😘😘👅👅👅🫦😜😜🤭🤭🤭
Woahhhh
❤
Bloody legend🫡
A
Under an hour👇
He finally uploaded
Finally 🙏
Holy 4LC_Asd in rivals appearance
Under one hour
knew he was gonna do a roblox video after playing roblox in sidemen among us video
Under 1 hour
Under 1hrs lets go
YEAHHH BULLYING ROBLOX PLAYERS AGAIN! AS A ROBLOX PLAYER I APPROVE!! 🔥🔥🔥
my guy finally posted after a month
0:13 already a fire video
Why’d bro post at 7:30 am
Clicked instantly
W
BRO FINALLY POSTED LETS GOOO
Welcome back lazerbeam 😂
Love it
Nah,hes a menace
If you pin this i might donate next vid
Lannan and Ilsa are soo wholesome when they play together, i want to see more of this! 🧡
Late night uploads are the. Best
Under 50 for a beam vid is a dream 🎉 love the late night uploads man 😂
It’s gonna be a good night since lazarbeam uploaded
yess
Bro is turning into one of those YouTubers that give out everything 😡
Yar
I've always loved this series. Glad you brought it back even if this is the last time♥️
Yooo nah new Roblox update from lazer
This guy just single handedly became conquest
Bricks on the feet because he was a bricky
Where’s LazarBeam X Flamingo?
Wassup
anyone here in 2099 💕??
*When the world needed him the most he returns*
He’s back from retirement!
LAZAR UPLOADED
Lazerbeam finally remembered his password🙏
Lazarbeam posting at 12 am let’s gooo
Woke up at 3:12 AM to see this video, worth it
You know it’s a good day when Lannan uploads 😂
785th!
FINALLY I HAVE BEEN WAITTING FOR THISSS
LAZERBEAM + Ilsa = Mr. and Mrs. Beam
4 am in the U.S. I knew it was worth staying up tonight!
First time this early
I can’t believe I catch this video very early in 40 min
MOREEE WE NEED MOREEE
The strongest batllegrounds dev is smart and greedy. He knew Lazarbeam would pay whatever money which is why he set it as 100k robux. Well put effort to the animations but 100k is crazy. Should have been 10k max.
Use Code Lazar and not Lazer
👀 A legend has posted
lannan its 3:10 am for me
yeees my king has uploaded
CHEATER!!!
LAZARBEAM UPLOADED YAY YAAS QUEEN
Finally he uploaded 😭
Luv u lazerbeam
LAZARBEAM THANK YOU FOR CREATING A NEW VIDEO
Honey,Wake up Lazarbeam dropped.
I’m so early
YALL STILL AINT MARRIED?
Early gang!!!!!!!!
Lazarbeam's annual YouTube vid
always a good day wen lazarbeam uploads
Come back to fortnite
LAZAR
Omg just keep it up this vid is so funny
YouTube is a side quest ahh channel 😂
Random ahh upload
The worm is giving me ptsd🥀
the Pyrofy command
Hi
If this gets one million likes , he will watch every skibidi video
W vid
For me you upload on 10pm
You know it’s gonna be a good day when you see lazar uploads
Under and hour
794th comment
As if bro wins with purple skull trooper😭😭🙏
Ok
when fotnight
Laserbeam pls upload more, I love the content
Yes new video❤
He’s back bullying kids on Roblox again yay!! 🎉
i need more lazarbeam content to watch I'm running out
HAHA EVERY KID IN THIS LOBBY IS GETTING DOMED GO BACK TO SCHOOL!!!!
the man the myth the legend finnaly uploaded
The strongest battlegrounds admin character leaked.
3:42 what did alysa just say!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“I’m not here to shoot these kids” famous last words 😂🤣🤣
He's back and he's a bloody legend!!!
Mate we got another roblox vid
Under an hour gang   👇
OMG HE FINALLY POSTED
fuck yeah
My opponents when i have bad lv 1 randoms with 200 ping: 4:47
finally a new video
NO HACKING!!!!
Congratulations on your engagement Lannan!!!
Finally another lazarbeam upload let's GOOOOO
Nice video
RAWR
Good one
I just entered to win those concrete shoes
Lazarbeam is just a superior YouTuber
BACK TO THE ROBLOX CHAPTER
Under 10 minute gang👇
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR ANOTHER ONE OF THESE
i love this video
ITS BEEN A MONTH SINCE YOU MADE A VIDEO
Nearly 23 million
@LazarBeam can u sign a pokemon card for me lol
LAZARBEAM JUST UPLOADED A BANGER!!!
Under 40mins
And I live in Queensland
First 30 mins yell yeah
FINALLY A ROBLOX VID
Sus spoofbob 3:41
1:00 worm jumpscare! and at 5:45 your going to what exactly?
Lazar bean
Pls can I visit you
please do it more
Hello
Thx for the upload!
Bro was keeping us waiting for a  peak video, worth it
His eyes pop out like a toy XD 11:55
The 2 year with was worth  it
Under an hour 👇
lazarbeam finally back at roblox
Your the best Lazar beam keep going❤
3am let’s go
would be crazy if he liked this comment
We need more of this content
LAZAR
W vid bro😎😎😎😎
Bro you gotta play dead rails plz
NEW ROBLOX VID FINALLY
Cement on your feet is crazy 😭🙏
Bro's just spawns once a century like an ancient ritual.
Its always a good day when lazarbeam post
Old man lazar.
YOOO
Kids, this is why you dont spend money in Roblox. It's futile. Resistance is futile
Under a hour gang👇
blast from the past loved this video please do one with blue lock rivals you should make a few more of these very entertaining love ya lazar
i gotta be honest, respect to lazarbeam and everything he does, but that old man transition at the start was so smooth, I barely even noticed a difference.
Yo you should become an admin in blox fruits and give everyone free stuff. Would be such a funny troll
Released as I was making cereal this is a good day
I sensed that you would upload. I put it in existence. YOU ALL ARE PEASANTS (except King Lannan)
Best way to end the night off😎😎😎
Yes a Roblox video
5:44 "come from behind and dominate" 🤔🧐🧐
Waddup guys
cool
Good video btw and finally lazarbeam is finally bullying little children
Can you make chapter in the video so it is easier to skip a boring part like dress to impress
these are becoming unwatchable, stop appealing to children, just be you dog
What afl team do you go for lazar? If u don’t go for any consider the Adelaide crows
clicked on it right away ong
24min under gang
Finally after two years💀
Love your vids❤
Let’s go he’s baa k
yayy new lazer vid
FINALLY ANOTHER LAZUH UPLOAD
You should pay to win in brawl stars
0:33 just prentend i never saw that
PLS upload more ❤
5:29 His beard magically grew back
Cold 😊
THE LAZARBEAM LEGENDS  👇
why not dead rails
Ok Lazer beam your being a bad boy now
early
First hour?❤
Lazar lazar
E
Got love the time difference and screaming at 6 am 😢
I wanna see you do this in Pls Donate.... gonna be some real fun ngl try it out once lazar
Glad I dind't sleep tonight.
These poor kids bro 😂😭
It’s midnight for me but I do not care, lazarbeam is genuinely a goat for doing these types of videos. I love them so much
but lazarbeam ive been watching you for 7 years and im moving to sydney in a few months im hoping to meet you one day :)
2 YEARS I SWEAR IT WAS NOT THAT LONG AGO
we waited….
21 minutes ago
hi love u man your the best
HES BACK ON ROBLOX
Under 20.min
him getting his own moveset in tsb is diabolical
It's 4 am for me bruh but I gotta watch the vid before I go to sleep ofc
He actually posted 🎉
rah
Hope you enjoy the random late night upload
This deserves more than 17k views.
OMG LAZERBEAM VID
In Blox fruits that is my friend
Bro posting is more rare than Feb  29
A PC is doeh
Yearly video complete for 2025 😂😂
Needle in a haystack ahh youtuber
if you dont like my comment ur gay
Finally another video
helllllll yea
BABE WAKE UP LAZAR UPLOADED
Yooooo fire vid
Hey I played rivals
Can we have a petition for lazerbeam to be a full time YouTuber 🥲😂
WOO ANOTHER LAZARBEAM VID  dam Ilsa is R rated
Lazar when you gonna release another Fortnite video
never been this early tbh
Finally lazarbeam has uploaded 😂
I locked on to the low taper fade!!!
meow
Use code LAZAR 🗣️🗣️👍👍
yo lazar you gotta play siege for a video
so late kansas btw
roblox?! damn bro full off 😔 (jk)
W
7 min lets gooo nice video bro
I FAINLY GOT A TO WATCH A VID WITH BEFORE ONE HOUR
Here before 1 hour gang 👇
Lazar loves to bully
Lets fricking goooooo a new lazar video😎😎😎😎
like as always
W Lazarbeam
love you lazarbeam you have made my childhood complete
so funny if lazerbeam make  vidoe of shopping
spam like
cream team or squirt squad?
Please do more of these 👍
WE GOT LAZARBEAM PLAYING ROBLOX AGAIN ❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉
finally lazarbeam has uploaded now i need a 5star meal to enjoy
too bad you forgot how to play fortnite...prove me wrong
13:38 never call lazar a bean
I see you remembered the YouTube password
better late then never ahh
I think rip_legend was my friend at 12:18 cause I have friend name rip_legend
js got off roblox to see he posted 15min 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Eclipse ahhh youtuber
lazer beam play schedule 1
thanks for uplaoding at 2am!
finally he uploaded
W vid
Use Code: Lazar
Well I'm early 🙆🏽
Lazer you should do a video on dead rails
If laserbeam Posts the World is happy❤
Why bro uploading every generation?
12:31 bros jorking it
15 min
I really appreciate Lazarbeam keeping me from sleeping by misting at 3:00 am
Love you man you to g of Australia 👍🏽
The GOAT
Woke up just to watch this and it was worth it
Use Code Lazar in the Roblox and Fortnite item shop
the king is back
Lazar beam you have made my childhood, you have Been the best YouTuber, ever since you stopped posting I have been watching some of your old videos. THANK YOU lazarbeam
11:57 got myself a new wallpaper
15 mins ago less gooooo
early 14 mins ago
I’m obsessed with this series
Im surprised he made a Roblox game after years
another W lazarbeam vid
hiiiiii
Lazar play Car dealership Tycoon and beat it, you are built for it, ur a Chad💯👌🏼💯🙏🏼
He’s back🎉
baddies
Man I don’t wanna say it but it is actually a good day when lazarbeam uploads
Sigma
its a good day when LAZARBEAM uploads
Lazarbeam vs. children  "I USE THE POWER OF MONEY"
🛌🌙▶️
OMG, HE'S ALIVE!!!
Here at 2.3k likes  How much now?
It's 2 am lazar
Its 1:42 am rn WHAT A GREAT WAY TO END THE NIGHT AND START THE NEW DAY
S
lazar its currently 3:42 am for me and here i am commenting on your video.
under 1 hour gang
Under 10 minutes
w
he has returned from an average break
Lazarbeam On Blox Fruits??😟
Still waiting for lazar to go back to being a Madden channel
Finally a growing man cheating in kids games
Hi lazar
I’m in the us and still here before most of the Australians
They only made you as a character because you’re their favourite YouTuber
Love a day where lazar uploads
Earliest i’ve ever been lol 🎉
use 10k on gta
lazar becomes a baddie before gta 6 THATS CRAZY🤯💀
Under 12 minutes gang
bros bills are due
hello
Om
Yo I’m early and I love your videos Lazarbeam❤
Lazarbeam's inevitable return to power
Hi
naaa he on bollox fruit before gta6
Damn with cement bricks on your feet as well
Good a mate
early gang
2025
gimme some robux pls
Imagine lazarbeam going bald
Better late than never ahh
WHERE IS OMNI MAN WHERE IS HE
Hi lazar
Bro posted on midnight 😭😭
Lazarbeam?! Roblox?! 2025?! Never thought i would hear those words
Once in a fortnight ahhh youtuber
first
imma have nightmares from that SpongeBob skin...
Lazar happy 90th birthday 🎉😂
he is still at it
He’s back to torment children
Sigma
Yeeeees
Yooo
Took you a while to upload I missed u porkies Anyone else? 👇
Love your vids larzarbeam
we hittin 23 million with this one bro is almost soloing australian's population
having a gun in Fisch is so cursed lol
Under 7 mins gang 👇
welcome back you goat
You didint spend 100 million robux .BRUh  JK
Under 1 hour gang 👇
Use code lazer
I’ve never been this early
RIVALS
im shocked im so early
0:39
7mins
Hi Lazar
Your back nice mate
👍
Haro
Early
At this point he owns roblox 😂
bruh lazar is the real got he posted this 6 minutes ago and he has 435 comments
Lazar beammm
Middle of an among us video is wild
Yoo
Best vids
HEEEE'SSS BACKKKKKKKK
You know its a good day when LazarBeam posts :)
the roblox kids thought they were safe
Be a good little boy and like❤
lannan
w
The day Lazar bullies me my life will be complete
It’s 240 am why am I watching lazarbeam YouTube videos😊
5k views 5 minutes lazar fell off
as a college student why am I up at 4 am watching a roblox video, ah who cares it’s my life
Under 10 minutes 👇
plz can I get a hi
Now that is not sigma lannan
Bro i love the 15th minute fr fr
lazarbeam you the g man
these roblox videos are so nostaglic coming from you
POST MORE
Ayyy
USE CODE PEAR
Moo
Old man's outta retirement
once in a blue moon ahhhh youtuber 😂
Mpoooz
2:14 "My Fiancee Ilsa"  They are so wholesome ❤
Love from India
Under 5 minutes gang !!
FINALLY BLOX FRUITS IVE BEEN WAITING!!!
Man is letting go of his anger of sidemen among us to roblox children 😂😂😂😂
Ohh ahhhh ohhh hàaaaaaa
its been a long time
First five minutes
I legit play so many of the games at the start of the video's "hot right now" list
ligma
W
UNDER 1 HOUR GANG 👇
Love your vids
We Got Lazar On Bloxfruits Before GTA 6 💀
aaaahhh yes another lazerbeam banger
4 min
Mmmmmmm
Wowzes bowzes I lost my trousers when I got the notification for this video
WSG LANNON G’DAY FROM MELBOURNE
Good video keep up the quality work
Lets go lazarcream
Wow ur popular 4 min and 300 comments
Moooooo
I actually thought that old man edit in the beginning was lazarbeam😂😂😂😂
hi
3 minutes ago damm
Hi
THE LEGEND RELEASED ANOTHER VIDEO  😭🙏
Finally bro postet roblox again
Damn he finally uploaded
why again bro 😭😭😭😭
3 minute gang
1700th here
W videos
Always will be one of the best 🎉
2 min gang
Uploads about as consistently as St Helens erupts.
love the videos
2,000 views in 3 minutes. Your washed🙏🙏
Lazer ur unc and still playing roblox💔
Yo lazarbeam I dare you to play world war z
How dare youtube hide this video 2 sec away from me
Daddy Lazar I love you
Always a good day when the True-Blue Aussie uploads.
holy early x.x
Once upon a time there was a LazarBeam vid uploaded to a site called YouTube...
Hi beam
hi
wow
HOW DARE YOUTUBE HIDE THIS FROM ME FOR 15 SECONDS AAHHHHH
You decided to post at 2:30 AM for what reason??
it’s 2 am but im still watching peak
Finally at 12 is crazy tho
Why upload at such an unusual time.
do a video with fresh
W Lazerbeam
W vid lazar
never been more chronically online than to see a lazarbeam video with the figures " 1 minute ago, 11 views"
MAKE THIS THE MOST LIKED COMMENT PLS 👇
once in a blue moon ahh youtubed
👇Under 3 minute gang
Lazerbeam finally dropped
I love how he always resorts to bulkying children so wholesome
you should bring back all your random game you use to play
Before 1000
Love your video Lazar
Yes a new lazarbeam video
LeBron
Nah
Hi lazar
He is mentally and physically crazy
Does he respond?
Let’s go lannan!
mf really took a month to upload another video
I fucking knew it you had a move set in TSB
“it’s been 3 months time to upload i guess” ahh youtuber
I love you Lazar beam ❤❤❤❤❤
Hey lazar
It's been 1 month
Ahhh lazar
If you love lazarbeamJay is gay
Use code lazar
Video is awesome
FINNALY U POSTED LETS GOOOOO
Dude it is THREE AM
CHEERS TO LAZARBEAM HE’S TRUE BLUE……
❤
Oil up oil bro
Finally another messing with kids video
lazarus ahh
This can’t be real, a lazarbeam upload omd
WHERE IS THE SEASON 2 REVEIW?????
I'm so early
My boiiiiii
God loves all, turn to Him and repent ❤❤
Lesgooo our yearly video is out!
It’s two in the morning why do you post right now? 0:09
😂😂😂
OMGG FINALLY YOU POSTED
roblox is one of the top 3 games of all time
Glad your back LazarBeam
I see, so thats why lazers face is in the character select for tsb
Play Arm wrestling simulator it's p2w trust me;))))))
Lazar respond like a good boy
Love u
nice
Under 500 likes gang
UNDER 1 HOUR GANG 👇
Too
Watching this at 1 am😅
Lazar uploaded🎉
Finally we see Lannon bullying 7 year olds in Roblox
I was just about to go to sleep then I saw this
Ur the best lazar
Its always a good century when Lazar uploads
LETS GOO CAUGHT THIS 2MINS AFTER IT WAS UPLOADED
Honey come quick lazarbeam is bulling kids on Roblox.
W gayzer beam
nice video you scared kids
“Wake up my grand children, lazarbeam uploaded”
You are the goat been waiting
Finally u have posted for awhile
robloc
400 views and 200 comments in 1 min💀
i like BANANA BANANANNANANNANANNANNANANNANAAAAAN
11 views 1 min ago. Earliest I ever been
I want old lazarbeam back
How does bro keep on doing this?
That’s why u were in the strongest battlegrounds awakening outfits
YAY LAZAR UPLOADED!
Another roblox banger
THE GOAT HAS UPLOADED
I was literally just talking about one of the old roblox videos with my friend last night, and now this crazy
Fr
Peak
The king is back
My parents having a break up and ts drops at the same time ty lazar
Hello big beamy
Finally a video from lazar beam!!! 😢❤😂
Omg hi 👋
LAZAR LAZAR THE TRUE BLOODY LEGEND
1 minute agooooo
oh yeah
Idrk why people STILL hate on Roblox on 2025, so many golden gems there
It is 2 in the morning
It’s been a minute and there’s already 142 people commenting that’s crazy
yooo
lazarbeams the goat for recording this whole video with cement bricks on his feet 🥀
Under 1 hour gang
Beam
ROBLOX IS BACK
W🔥🔥🔥
👇 Bot Blocker
USE CODE LAZAR
Fell off
I’m upset he didn’t play gorrila simulator 5
I'm so early
It’s a good day when lazar posts
Can you use color lazar
Code Lazer in the Fortnite item shop!!!!
Lol lazar is uploading every year
Finally
YEEEESSS
Yessssss
My king posted 🤗🤗
W video
159th
'He's Back'🗣🗣
I’m so early
First
Yes
My man
1 min HERES TO LAZARBEAM HES A TRUE BLUE HES A BASTARD THROUGH AND THEOUGH😂
Beam
0:00 some Australian guy starts yapping
So early
Finally a video, it’s been too long
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💪💪💪💪💪💪BULLYING!!!!!!!!!
Yurrrr
UNC
Yessssss, been waiting for this!! Pleasee do more Roblox Videos, really miss the series🥲
Love you in SIdemen Among us you really make the vids 10x better
Under 1 minute gang
unc level
194th
EZ w
Why cheat just get better
PLEASE ADOPT ME
Holy I’m early
Here before the bots.
I played TSB and I seen lazerbeams PFP in the awakening outfit section😭 he better include it in here  Edit: I KNEW IIIIITTTT, I honestly didn’t know why there was a lazarbeam pfp in there but I knew there was an unkillsble moveset in the leaks, BUT OMG I CALLED IIIT😭 and hopefully lazar plays more of tsb, PLEASE PLAY MORE
18:56 lol
Wazzzzza
ayyy lazar
🎉🎉
I love your videos
11 views in 1 minute? bro fell off
Yoooooo
Hi
Very nice, I like 😂
11 views in 1 minutes I’m disappointed
Wsg beamy boy
MEOW
Let’s go lazar posted
🎉1 minute gang
30 year old man playing Roblox 😂
old man returns..
He’s back let’s gooooooo
heacka early
My favorite YouTuber
YAY
LAZARBEAM, MY POOKIE day 416 of waiting for lazarbeam to notice me
Finally legend back to Roblox !
Lazar my boi
HES BACK
😂😂😂😂😂❤woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow
No you didnt
I saw this preview on sidemen among us
YEE
11 views bros falling off 🥀
Legend
It's time to make children cry, P.S.: USE CODE LAZAR
Bro could just do this every time he runs out of ideas, and I'm here for it.
Lazarbeam my king 👑 you posted
Hey can u try my game
Wtf
WAKE UP LAZAR BEAM POSTED
Stop torturing these poor Roblox kids
Lazar you naughty boy. 😂
first
lol let go
Lesssss goo
Finally he uploads
it has been 84 years
video at 12 at night is wild
Keep it up Lazarbeam love the vids
YEET TO ALL BLOODY LEGENDS
You are alive? Hip hip hooray!!
Ur posting again!!!!
Bot blocker👇
its always a good millennium when lazarbeam uploads!
He’s back playing Roblox!!
Yoooo mr lazar loove your content
lazarbeam upload omg
How tf do u cheat on a game called fuckin Baddies lmao
holy early
Cheese
Best, YouTuber
Lazarbeam uploads I instantly click
i love you lazer
yo
Early gng
❤
The goat
Your alive
beam man himself
TOTALLY FIRST TO COMMENT!
A video finally bro it took u forever lol
hi
LOWK too early…
noway does the goat respond
Hello
Yo I’m a big fan lazar I’ve been watching you you since 2018 and want to add you on fn. I’m only 13 and it would mean the world to me if you added me
once a big bang ahh creator
1m ahh
yess another Roblox vid
VEIW NUMBER 11 LETS GO
Dont use code Lazar
Hi how is everything
I Feel Bad For The Kids That Have To Deal With This lol
625th
0:15 I feel old now (Edit: why yall fighting in the replies 😂 I was just saying cuz I swore he just came out with that video n time flies. It ain’t that deep 😂)
Lil lazarbeam
Play theftblox
Like this comment if lazarbeam is the goat
Lazar!!!
Wasup
Honestly roblox suits better for lazar
Daddy Beam
first
Wassup lil tiga                   N
I’m gooning to this lazar
Sup beam boy
Lazar upload wheyyyy
Those who roblox
It’s 3:31 am in America rn
Top comment is Gay
Use code : LAZAR ❤️
He bullies children and they continue to pay him
Like if lazarbeams the goat
HELLO LAZARBESM
your droped a pin can i have it
Lazerbeam is back🔥🔥
Lazar pls give me robuk
LAZERBEAM IF YOU READ THIS I LOVE YOU DAWG
1 minute gang 👇
Hi
Hi
You cheated qgain
Love this
Under 1 minute gang
Sup my boy
45 seconds lets go
u should give me the shoes.
fresh me boy
Ah yes, I have been waiting for this
It’s been years😭
We need more Roblox videos
Hey bb lazar
Yay lazarbeam uploaded nowy say got better
E
Early
Finally😊😊😊😊😊😂😂😂😂
Top comment gay
Use code Lazar in the Fortnite item shop
OMG LASar
Bro these videos are so good each one is a banger❤😊
FIRST 1 MIN
That's why he was playing roblox in Sidemen among us😂
Early
hello
Anyone is 2025?
A
does the king respond?
Early
EARLY
heh! FIRST (Like my comment and i will sub you) BOIII
Now we’re talkin
Hehe
Yoooo
ive missed these
New video let's go
kinda crazy to be this early
2 years later...
HE POSTED
hi
Hi
first
last
sigma boyyyyyy
4th
29 seconds ago is insane
FIRST
Shrek.
damn, first minute
First comment
Under A minute EAZZ
Hella early
I love you lazar
Great vid😂
YES BOIS
First
🦐🤙
Damn you fell off only 7 views
ROBLOX!
Yooooo lazarbeam
Hi
LAZARBEAM IVE MISSED YOU
once in a blue moon ahhh youtuber
What is lazar up to these days
Wow
Sup beam boy
1st
First?
First
