It's Great. Not Big.
Indiana Jones and the big, giant, ginormous, gigantic, HUGE, collasal, circle.
Don’t worry kid I’m silver on Overwatch is generational
0:37 FFFFFFFF U SPIDERMAN
This reminds me of the time I stole the constitution and brought it to the president so that he could wipe his ass with it
Install this game = waste money
5:43 HOLY SHIT
You can tell Dunkey likes a game when he fucks around with bullshit weapons.
Cmon dunkey. “Big round” was right there and you chose big circle?
5:18 Braegle
Quad A! 😭
0:36
3:04 Can't believe dunkey got Forest Whittaker to cameo for a line in character as Saw Gerrera
2:59 I always was doing this when characters were nonstop chatting 😂😂😂
0:40 ironically enough Satipo in the movie was played by Alfred Molina, who was also Doc Ock in Spider-Man 2
xDDD
Crashed 4 times on me so far (PS5)
The way dunkey plays the game is actually the only way you can. And it's just 50 hours of shovel hitting for 80€
3:03 I legitimately thought it was a voice line in the game until he continued
7:55 same shit kept happening to me lmao
Wisconsin Jones
Dunkey just dunkin on the fascists 😂
yo bro the fact that the italian army becomes a fucking medieval mob and just throws whatever they can pick up at you LMFAOOO
Dunkey is the king at making games look silly as fuck lol
Jack Black brought me to this channel, not even kidding.
It doesn’t look fun, but it sure does look good!
Just like classic Indiana Jones, Indy spends most of this game getting the ever-lovin' tar kicked out of him. 😂
You sold me. This game is amazing. Unironically.
Before you fight a hunk, don't forget to eat a bragel. For your health!
Circle gets the square
no wonder the Italians lost ww2, they only had breadsticks and broom-handles as weapons
My favorite part of this game so far was when I found I note next to a 5-combo lock chest. It read “make the combo something random this time, a child could’ve figured out the last one”. I thought the child part might be the clue so I tried 1-2-3-4-5, 5-4-3-2-1, etc.. Then with no extra tips or comments from Indy, I see 5 tiny playing cards sitting on a desk in the room. Peak gameplay
I wasnt really interrested in in this game but throw only run seems like hilarious idea :D
Not the Italian baby paintings names that keep getting progressively more racist 😂😂😂
The first “Supreme” type game
The mechanic of the enemy throwing their weapons at you when they can't reach you is HILARIOUS.
Im laughing my a$$ off listening to you giggling while you're throwing random stuff at people 🤣
this is how i play smash bros.
It’s called the great circle
Thanks Dunkey. I’m removing this game from my wishlist now
After careful consideration, I have chosen to watch this video at 480p to truly marvel at the supreme graphics
"You can't do that on medium graphics, on that setting the butterflies are replaced by the image of a small dog."
that "fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff ahkyuuuuuuuu spaaaaadermaaaa-" got me in the good spots
So its like the movie Roadhouse but its throwhouse
I feel like I played this game all wrong
Supreme graphics with animation like that?
An Indy game without guns lmao
the world's most famous art historian dunkey jones saves europe again
Nah this is a new dunkey classic
Omg he’s got like a Joker laugh when he’s throwing things 😂
Damn what kind of pc do you have dunkeyyyyy
this game is so damn boring and slow. who gives af about it looking pretty, how about make a fun game
only cats have access to supreme volumetrics lmao
More like Bindiana Bones and the Big Jerkle
0:37 lmaoo
game physics engine using the updated theory of general relativity as the basis for ur language ?!????
3:16 missed opportunity to play the clip of Indiana punching the guy again
(waving arms, shaking hips, wiggling around and around) "COME ON!   BIG CIRCLE!" (big circle is summoned)
2:21 actually made me laugh really hard
3:17 we all know Indys hat is the source of all his power that's why those punches did nothing.
Can you play Indiana jones the force awakens
Dunkey has to be one of the funniest content creator's there's ever been. His set up for bits like making up Italian names for paintings with a exaggerated voice and using names like "an evil guy" demonstrate his patent on his type of jokes
Thanks Shai
JAK OUTRO
dunkey has a unique ability to actually PLAY a game. i envy him. i'm only able to complete a game.
I ain't buying ANYTHING. until I see that it has *light through the bottle technology*
BEST VIDEO EVER!!!!!
How not to appreciate a video game and play like an idiot to made bad jokes:
3:00 Nanomachine, son!
This game looks so cool!!  and I love Indiana Jones!
8:33.  For a second I thought that said “more Jonesy.”
jason laughing at games is what keeps me coming back
please review infinity nikki
I'm at a complete loss. They turned an adventure story into a linear first person shooter (bread thrower) with no exploration or non-story items or places to collect and explore? They don't even have the shame to do an open-world Ubisoft style cash grab...
Oh so the game is a throwing simulator. Someday notify Hideo Kojima, he'll be interested in this new strand type game.
Indiana Jones and the Call of Cthulu
Dunkey sounds almost as tired of playing indy Jones as Harrison Ford
Thumbnail clickbait x( He just played hitman x((
PS2 era graphics of the enemies and the physics are PS2 era too.
Naughty dogs' women design flopped after crash bandicoot
Indiana's jonesin for a murdering.
the pure joy dunkey gets from just throwing stuff lol
4:54
Great vid I’m rubbing one out rn
"The Uppsala scroll" lmao, that's just where this game was developed. It's a Stockholm suburb, but don't call it that to their face.
I really want to see him do a full playthrough of this now
Who is miss Lawrence
Ladies and gentlemen we are witnessing the very first Indy game
Why did they just remake the beginning of Raiders? Isn't this supposed to be a different story?
It’s Jason borne simulator
Indiana Jones is the real shovel knight
I'm kinda glad this game isn't out on PS5 yet. Gives me time to get caught up on my backlog of games from the holidays.
@7:55 Bethesda game
This game was entirely inspired by Shovel Girl.
0:37 I didn't realise he was the Otto Octavius actor.
I haven’t cried laughing in a long time. Thank you
Glad it wasn't just me who spent 20+ minutes just throwing shit at guys.
7:48 "c'mon that should've worked" please patch this in
:D
This video was playing in the background while I was playing PoE2, just listening to it made me stop playing and watch the whole thing from the start a couple of times
That dude catching the wine had me laughing so hard lol
Thought this game would be third person like uncharted
The only game you can kill with a fly catcher
"Fuckin thing! Stupid place!" Me everyday at work
This might be the funniest thing I have ever seen
It's amazing how the fuckups just make it feel more authentic to Indiana Jones
Ubisoft made a first person Uncharted game? That’s crazy
If you have three graphics modes above Ultra is the top one really ultra anymore? Seems like this game actually had Very Low, Low, Medium, High and Ultra Disguised as a bunch of premium graphics
Literally waited for weeks just to get Dunkey's opinion on this game first
Well its funny like how a 2015 game like fallout4 is better than this
That looks fun as hell
This is the first Jones type game.
4:53 Come back in ten years.....
This is the first Indy type game
6:55 "look at this dude muh *hueuhmmm* i got the collector's edition" i'm fucjing crying
It coming to PS5 definitely was the funniest of the jokes 🫢🙃
7:54 T-1000 prototype
0:31 my pc when i try to play this game
Troy Baker's voice in this is so good but it also feels exactly the same as when he voiced Booker DeWitt.....this is Bioshock Infinite 2, instead of plasmids you get shovels!
2:58 I can't believe they recreated that iconic airplane fight scene between Indy and Big German Soldier
When Dunkey said “eat that bragel” I said dang that is a big circle
Dunkey are you dead from tga?
Can you play the aquateenhungerforce game
man where da fug is the new black ops video
Looks lame
when you pick Mike, Roz actually jumps out of a tree and slaps the gun out of that guys hand and scares him.  Then they go through the door and fill up a bunch of energy.
Play some video games boy
900th video!
Anyone else got the ad for the game during the video?
6:48 was that dunkey or indy?
Hey Dunkey, hope you are having a Merry Christmas. fingers crossed for at least one Donkey Kong December.
Where is the game awards video Dunkey ☹️
I'm a fan of Indiana Jones and the game loks kind of fun. I'll watch Radbrad play a bit of it before buying just to see if I like the story.
3:00 Why does it look like Kevin Spacey? 😂😂😂
This game makes you FEEL like Indiana Jones...    5/10
I like the Jak and Daxter music at the end.
2:59 standing here I realise
Leah is lez
I’m so glad they were inspired by the Lego game logic for the combat
thank you, indiana jones and the little boy that could talk to trees
where my donkey kong :(
Merry chrimbus dunk
These 9 min are all the fun you can have in this game. The rest is all garbage
Do you know the super popular theme song of Don Quijote, a famous discount store in Japan? There are parts where Westerners hear "dunkey." Search for "Song Extended: Theme of Don Quixote".
i love indiana jones and the talking stick
Still waiting for the 10th annual Muffin Tier list
Dunkey your video where some guy called you erudite may have given my the knowledge to score high enough on the asvab that i got alpha qualified for the nuclear field. thank u donkey
Clearly couldn’t even progress to the blackshirts disguise, weak.
This is where the Jones goes, Richard
In Skyrim I can grab and eat butterflies 🦋 This gen of gaming has really taken a step back
This is the most I've laughed at a youtube video for a long time
BO6 broke his PC
6:15 he parried a shovel with a rock into right hook what a combo
Another Far Cry type game where you throw stuff
Dunkey where is your Pokemon Black review ?
Im back babyyy. Algorithm brought your video into my doom scrolling. Loved every video even after LoL  glad you still making videos. Notifications 🔛
omg jak and daxter outro
Silver in overwatch? 1 or 2?
Put up a dunkview already!!! Oh my god!!! This channel is so mid now.
wait what. this guys using a controller. thats a babies toy.i thought this was vr ? no
"You fight like a coward" he says, as he clips through a door 😂🤣😂
Dunkey cam you play jellycar please
oh you wanna BEE the best?
I love this new indiana type game
I am used to third-person camera type adventure games like TR. Why did this game have to be made by the first? I was sick and could not enjoy it while playing just like Syberpunk2077.
This is the most joy I've seen Dunky have In so long. If only the modern Indiana Jones movies were as good as this 😢
Hi @videogamedunkey long time watcher first time talker. I particularly enjoyed your review of Knack 2 Revenge of the Gungans. Anyhoo, you should check out this new game called Supervive. It's like if league of dota and marvelwatch had a three way with pubnite and somebody got pregnant but nobody knows who the father is. Quite a salacious scandal to be honest, ripe for a dunkey feature.
that sledgehammer double hit was kidna crazy ngl
pls give a serious review on deadlock? game has some unique mechanics more than other new ones
Stop....right....there......................*whips
I put about 30 hours into the game and thought it was pretty fun. Definitely try it out if you have Gamepass.
This game was relaxing as hell and fun. Nothing game changing but the combat was fun and easy to master, exploring was fun and had just the right amount of side quest. Would be cool to see more movies turned into great chill games like this one
Im sad its not 3rd person. It looks promising and Indiana Jones is also a cool franchise. It couldve been sth like Uncharted. But those hyperrealistic 1st person games with way too much animation for a 1st person game just always feel weird to play. Same problem with for example the avatar game
Indiana Jonesing and the big circlejerk
I love that the subtitles call the “facists”
Dunkey when do we get more information on Star of Providence!?!
Its the first throwing type game.
Throwing is one of the main human techs that makes us better than animals
Gotta' say I was looking forward to Monkey Kong December, hope it comes back in the future.
Animal Well made the NPR best games of the year list.  Congratulations!
By simply playing AAA games in a silly way Dunkey quickly exposes how boring lots of them are mechanically - the combat in this game is so repetitive and easy
Another banger from flamingo dingo
This game really makes you feel like Indiana Jones
5:03 "Ah, the Baby Labavicci 🤌" 😭🙏
Ill run from a thousand boulders befroe i let this company die!
The Lego games are better
"dont worry kid I was silver in overwatch"  ma man
Nice!
Hello Peter
Yo Dunk my guy where’s my E3 2024 (the video game awards) video at?! Reggie from Fortnite was there
This has been a very disappointing donkey kong December
indiana jones and the round thing
I am wheeze-laughing watching you throw clubs and stuff at bad guys.  This video makes this game look like a GOTY.
Dunkey, please play kingdom come deliverance 2 when it comes out.
Dear Shadow Jesus aka Dunky - can I design and make Shadow Jesus stickers for our community of dunkyites?  I am serious I'll design, have them made and ship them to you
I KNOW THAT JAK AND DAXTER MUSIC ANYWHERE
This is dunkeys 900 video
7:53 "It just works"
loving this throw random shit mechanic we’re getting in games, i loved when they did it in farcry 5
I hope next Friday Dunkey plays Indiana Jones and the Medium Volumetics.
Thank you videogamedaniel
I would love to see a whole playthrough of this from u dunkey
I didn’t realize this game was available on gamepass but it is.
The fact we haven't had a dunkview in so long is crazy. Dunkey hasn't been impressed by anything lately?
When is Dunkey December coming?
dunkey can you buy me this gane?
Yeah I’m done with this stale reaction content dunkey. It’s been low effort for awhile now, just gameplay with the same humor as 10 years ago. Peace
i remember dunkeys golden era where he made indiana jones content. wish he'd go back to these kinds of videos
I used to think dunkey was black back in like 2010
I want to see crowbcat do an unfair soul vs souless indiana jones comparison
i miss monsters Inc. sunday
Wheres donkey kong december
3:43 the seamlessness of this bit makes it so much funnier.
i like how he used the fish catching music from Jak & Daxter for his outro music. Killer reference
This may be an Indy game but Dunkey is playing it like a hitman game and I love it
We need Donkey Kong December
0:50 it's funny because there actually is a novel called Indiana Jones and the Philospher's Stone. Came out in the 90s and actually came before Harry Potter
Been real quiet since the game awards 😂
That umbrella is like Rollout from Pokemon: gets stronger every time you use it!
looks fun, and you made a funny. more than once.
More like Indiana Throwns
Bethesda + IP = 🤷🏼‍♂
Broom needs a buff
Should've just made Indiana Jones and the Fucking Wizard
Where is GOTY 2024 video? Maybe you are crying on the floor cause you lose 😂
why is an Indy game in first person?
Why am I laughing so hard at Dunkey’s chucking shovels at everybody? 😂😂😂
Kind of a small thing to point out, but I love that he knows that was Alfred Molina in the movie. lol
That's the actual name? I thought it was a joke
Who got an Xbox just to play this?
1st throw type combat system
Can't wait for the sequel Indiana Jones and the BEEEG YOSHI
I hope they adapt the scrapped script from the 90s, "Indiana Jones and DK's Golden Bananas" it was also originally a late 80s adventure novel
My edible is making bro's helmet at 8:07 WAYYY too funny
Spaghetti, the assassin
please review this steam game called BRAIN/OUT its kinda like a 2d csgo and ive just been having so much fun on it and i think it deserves more attention
please review this steam game called BRAIN/OUT its kinda like a 2d csgo and ive just been having so much fun on it and i think it deserves more attention
This isn't black ops 6.
You think that was fun, wait till you try the Mike Wazowski playthrough
light through the bottle technology 😂
I remember thinking this was going to be an awful game when it was announced. Looks like I was wrong
Best throwing game ever
ok that was funny!  The guy at the end was Chef's kiss 🤣
But... did Black Ops 6 finish installing yet?
The moment he said "small dog" my corgi started barking
By Americans for Americans-dumpster fire of a game
little did he know the dog was not the true foe!
3:00 I remember this same thing happening in the classics, before Brody wiped everyone's mind and edited the scene out.
I broke the god damn wheel
🍿🍿🍿🍿
Indian Jones
Honestly what an incredible looking game
Indiana Jones and the Sinister Shovel
The graphics on that original Baby Laggabicci were supreme
im not original
this game runs great on rtx 4050,setting on me
I miss Dunkey reviews.
All those settings and still doesn't know how to turn of fing motion blur.
I love how nobody has a gun but everyone has bread to throw at you
Fun Fact:  This is Dunkey's 900th, video. Being an Indiana Jones game, this would imply that this is Dunkey's Indy 900, a reference to the popular Tony Hawk's Pro Skater trick.
I cant tell if this is a good, fun game. Or if Dunkey just makes it look fun
dunkey you gotta do a the game awards 2024 video c'mon! AND NAUGHTY DOG NEW INTERGALACTIC GAME C'MON !!!!
Oh man I thought Plinkett wasn’t doing reviews anymore
Dunkey gameplay formula:  50% throwing items at enemies 50% painting review 0% Big Circle
This isn’t Mike's Monstrous Adventure 😭
It's like a more realistic version of Hitman.
I like how this game shows that the boulder was Indiana Jones most fierce of opponent that keeps him up at night
surprised you haven't played Indika yet, considering how slick it was
Dunkey Make A Video Of Antonblast Please 🙏
Indiana Boy And The Tree Who Talked To Jones
Can you do a video on the GOTY awards
The Jak and Daxter fisherman music at the end hit me right in the feels. R.I.P. Kevin Conroy.
This does not seem like Donkey Kong December to me.
I actually want this game lol
Sorry you didn’t win dunkey, you’ll get ‘em next time.
Saved my game and came back to it the next day just to have it bug out and now the npc lady won’t open the door
This game really makes you feel like Indiana Jones.
All I really care about is that ANIMAL WELL IS NOW ON SALE ON STEAM
Very fun vid, Dunk! Loved the part where you threw something at the enemies
Best outro song ever, did you catch the 200 kg?
He just walks up and punches a dude, takes his rifle and proceeds to end all his squad makes in one swift motion
I keep accidentally referring to this game as the Big Circle
wait it's a first person game wtf, bro they couldn't even make a proper third person like the ps2 titles, this is just another dung in the over saturated pile that is the first person market
Indiana Jones and the Concussion Diagnosis
0:38, Alfred Molina jokes, classic
Indiana Jones and the Big C
What about Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Noah's Hairbrush?
We need a game awards video stat! Here’s to hoping you’re working on it.
up all night hoping and praying to God that indy finds that big ass circle
Please make a video about Balatro.😂
You lost into Balatro 😂😂😂
where's Donkey Kong December
First person thrower
Dunkey, i think you are lying, I think you fell in love with Black ops 6 and now you are gate keeping it from the world
JAK AND DAXTER SOUNDTRACK MENTIONED?!?!
Mannnnn the way Dunkey trivializes games   XD
2:06 No way the flag is already changed?
7:41 me when ceo
do not understand people who in 20 god damn 25 play these games that feel like playing a cutscene with the occasional qte like
5:18 "Eat that BRAGEL"
Do guns not exist in this game? In Indiana Jones movies the villains always have guns, and Indy does too.   7:40 Oh, there they are. Why was everybody just using blunt objects up until then, does the game not introduce guns until like 5 levels in or something?
Dunkey manifesto
This is truly one of the first light in bottle-type games.
I just got jumpscared by you at the game awards, animal well deserved
I voted for animal well. Sorry it didn’t win
BALLATRO SWEEP
You Were Robbed !
Indiana Jones and the Blunt Force Trauma
Dunkey, you looked quite dapper at the game awards !! Keep up the good work !
We need a vid where dinky voice over on these game characters 😂 thts gonna be hilarious asf🎉
The first Quad-A Jones-type game 🤩
Dunky you should make a video about the best games of 2016!!!
All we need now is dunkey to make a video on osmosis jones and the prostate exam
Alfred molina lol
It’s the little things in life…
can you do video on deadlock? should be good content
Game of the Year 2025!
Really loving Uncharted 5, featuring Han Solo. Very impressive. Now let’s see Paul Allen’s.
im already hyped for the sequel "indiana jones and the fucking treasure"
PLEASE TELL ME THE END MEANS YOURE GONNA PLAY JAK AND DAXTER NEXT PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
getting worse and worse
The "F*** you Spiderman" for Alfred Molina's character killed me.
Me and luigi love u
2:04  Thats the Syria's opposition flag!?!?
4:43 Omg the combat is hilarious  5:44 What kind of programming is that? Did his model register it as a weapon the moment it was within reach?
8:20 “Donkey Kong”?
God that's what modern gaming has been missing, the ability to annoy Italians.
Luigi was a dunkey fan. "I'll handle them mr. Dunkey"
Love the character Indiana Jones. Recently I found out the Creative Director for Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, is a woke satanist. I will be returning my game and not playing this game. I will not be supporting Bethesda or Machine Games going forward. Why a million dollar company is ok hiring a person whose morals align with evil is beyond me. What's more interesting as well is that how do you have a satanist creatively direct a hero who is masculine, non- woke,  clearly Catholic see Indys Dad, and straight.
Indiana Jones and the Jones for Jones soda
I want you to play this beautiful game called machinarium
Dear Dunsley I'm worried we are at 12 of December and there isn't  DONKEY KONG DECEMBER CONTENT what's happening?
1:53 - Is that... is that Palestinian flag??? Is Indiana Jones based?
Indiana Jones Echoes of Wisdom
Shovel ware at its finest!
What an amazing game👍
Why does it look like he's playing with controller? Just whipping the camera around
Uncharted 5
Dunkey did you hear luigi from mario shot a guy then quoted you!
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time.
"Indiana jones and the sorcerer's stone" you won't believe what book Max McCoy wrote in 1995
Jak and Daxter at the end? lol
I’m starting to miss dunkview videos.
Just went to install geforce driver and saw "indiana jones great circle" there is no way hahahaahhahaha
This game was paramount
So good that they got the original actor Jeff Golblum to voice indie.
“Anoda day, anoda play” - Luigi Mario
When you said they're sending in the dog, was it really that surprising that it turned out to be a fascist?
Hate woke
Light through the bottle technology? Now that’s slick
0:16 jokes aside, the fog on the left looks very, very good
this feels like a mix between a ytp and a fever dream
thank you, indiana jones & the goddamn wheel
Fun fact there is a novel called Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone
The combat is like a parody of Condemned.
Jak and Daxter theme at the end makes me want to buy this game.
1:14 "Don't worry kid, I was silver in Overwatch" Implies this exists in a utopian universe where overwatch no longer exists
Man I need a new pc I can only run it on medium with everthing else on max and it still looks amazing but man the max settings are mind blowing
Thanks for the laughs dunkey
8:33 - Do I... Do I hear Jak and Daxter at the end???
Will you be playing Anton Blast?
I can't believe it's actually called the Big Circle. I thought Dunkey was joking.
someone played a lot of telekinesis in skyrim
this is the dark souls of circle games
this is a certified Dunkey classic
Indy is just so campy. Not my type of game.
This game being in first person is criminal 😭
hey is this uncharted before uncharted was uncharted ? Like the og uncharted ?
I love monster ink
this desperately needs an animation with dunkey being the ratatouille inside of indy's hat
Did you name Big Mode based off Big the Cat?
Once again it's just dunkey playing a game w/ some commentary. What happened to the dunkey reviews?
The fish mission song>>>>
Only big circle I see is on my bank balance after buying a GPU powerful enough to even run this game
hey. that wasn't a garlic bread. that was a biscotti.  0/10 dunkey lied to me
Breaking News: A Dunkey Quote in Mangione's Yearbook means that Dunkey truly is the Assassin's Creed.
Luigi's Mansion is a very fun game. Everyone should play it, especially Americans.
Is it me or except for Indy the graphics don't look that great?  Also I heard the enigmas are not that good either? And I love the enigma parts in video games.  I just wonder if I should buy the game for Christmas or not since I used to play the hell out of the Uncharted games and I'm a huge Indiana Jones movie fan (from 1 to 3, the others don't exist!)
This game really makes you *feel* like Hitman
How to skip a cutscene on xbox? Is it possible? Thank you for help 😂
Indianapolis Jones and the rather large eclipse
Brudda, Make new content plez
Who’s here after learning that the guy who assassinated the United Healthcare CEO quoted Dunkey in his high school yearbook?
"Anodda day, anodda play." -Luigi
Game pass killed this games sales. I bet they will shut down Machine Games like they did with Tango
I could easily have watched another 30min of dunkey taunting guards and throwing junk at them. 😂
This game looks good, but you can’t even kill anyone with a can of soup
I still remember Donkey Kong December like it was yesterday
Seems like they are trying too hard with the graphics. Games like rdr2, uncharted, last of us were peak graphics in video games. The ultra realism just doesn’t even look good
3:01
1:42 not very accurate to monsters inc
1:09 dw kid, I was silver in overwatch
0:36
I hope this performs good. Because if it fails, then MachineGames is going to have the same fate as Arkane Austin and Tango in May this year. (I know that Tango has been revived by Krafton, along with Hi-Fi Rush)
I'm going to assume guns don't exist in this universe
The true power of an immersive sim, violently hurling physics objects at your enemies
So we learned that the CEO killer named Luigi used to watch Dunkey, and a day later Dunkey uploads a video of him beating up Italians?
I laughed so hard at the fffffffak u spiderman!
Did he ever do that cod6 vid?
Try to explore all of genshin impacts map
I think I’ve seen a movie like this before
Please play Cubix Robots for Everyone Race'n Robots on PS1
Everyone vote for Animal Well at The Game Awards. This is your last chance to vote for it for Indie game of the year. Voting ends tonight at 6:30 pm est. Do it to support good games
Is it just me or did i just have a schizophrenic episode thinking dunky made a video of marvels rivals??😂
Black ops 6 installing...
he doesn't even sound like harrison ford. what a ripoff.
Hey dunkey did u see Luigi quoted u in his highschool year book. The FBI will outside shortly
My favorite game series. Kentucky Wallace.
2:23 that dragon age joke was great
If you can throw things in a game at enemies, you have a good game. Simple as that.
Anodda day, Anodda Play
I cleared the first enemy encounter area by raising the alarm in a room filled with empty bottles and then throwing them at each enemy as they wandered in one at a time
Anoda day, anoda play
So nice of that last guy to walk into it
Anybody else can’t stand that Gina bit?
This game really makes you feel like you’re from Indiana
I think Indy’s voice is AI
This game is such a genuine great surprise. I had lowered my expectations because of xbox but seems like the devs behind it did amazing work
Big far cry 5 energy in this one
Who else is here after finding out the Dunkey being quoted by the killer? 😂
somtimes the graphics are ultra and sometimes they're 5:53
Wait this looks like a good game
YASSSS JAK AND DAXTER
I haven't watched the video yet or played the game, I'm just so nervous. what if it doesn't have light through the bottle technology? pls tell me it does 😭
anodda day, anodda play
anooda
You know when Dunkey is having this much fun the game must be terrible.
The guy's helmet popping off at 8:07 was too good xD
what about black ops 6?
Congrats on your ties to the assassin, Dunkey
Dunkey discovering the funniest thing in the game halfway through the video is always priceless
anodda day anodda play
indiana jones and O()
Jak & Daxter music for the outro?? ❤ My heart
Brody: "You can't just run away from your problems."  Dunkey: "No, but I can throw stuff at 'em."
love that they’re just called “fascists”, spot on
This is the first game with bottle-type animations
She talksh in her shleep, juniah
Haven’t laughed that hard in awhile.  Good post dunk.
Ok, the Spiderman reference did me in
It’s kind of crazy that the CEO a$$a$$in quoted you in his yearbook
anudda day anudda play
Dunkey's chuckle after throwing a hammer at some goon has healing properties
There is a "indiana jones and the philosophers stone" book 💀
Another day, another play
I guessed the title of this video before it came out  Give me the ten thousand dollars, Donkus  You owe me
Fascist: Not good...   Now thats facts right there game, thanks!
Dunkey what is your opinion on united healthcare? just wondering. for no reason in particular.
7:06  "Nah..." "YEA."
one of few vids where dunk isnt funny, game must be horrible
I can't believe they made an indy game focused on melee when the main character trait of the guy is that he'd rather skip that and just shoot people
dunkey, have you seen that Luigi Mangione quoted you in his yearbook but not in his manifesto? how does this make you feel
1:00 "Not so fast!". Takes his time to whip crack. xD
BONK!
Is every bad guy in this game completely anti-gun or something???? Bunch of soldiers armed with bottles and spoons
So we’re finally getting a Wimbledon jumbo jak and daxter full series’s review with heavy focus on Dax’s psp game?
For those who have played it is it woke or nah
I love that the vocal coach for the guards was the entirety of the Minions, they did a good job
Best dunkey video of the year! I laughed so hard everyone started throwing shovels and brooms at me!
As soon as he died @ 1:26 I got a Taco Bell ad that started with the big bell ding😂
Jeff goldblum ahh Indiana jones voice actor
This game is like a 4/10, but at least it doesn't seem to hate gamers which is a step up from most modern titles out of the big studios.
am i missing something… what happened to donkey kong december?
Luigi is gonna love this
This game is honestly way better than it has any right to be
I’m so sick of Bethesda games. They all feel like they’re stuck last gen.
Why would they make it first person. Goddammit
Dunkey's gotta play the Pixar Cars games
The CEO killer used a dunkey quote for his yearbook, coincidence?
me, an italian, half paying attention to the video: *hears someone talk in italian* Huh? did I hear that right? who said that?  "Fascist"  oh... yeah makes sense
7:16 only if spaghetti and meatballs
I see 70 dollar game AAAA.
Dunkey is the king of npc trolling.
Make a Marvel Rival video dunkey
Luigi would’ve loved this one
This game really makes you FEEL like you know that’s Doctor Octopus.
Cant believe they finally perfected light through the bottle technology. The ps5 pro really is amazing
Indiana Jones and the Bottler
the ai is so bad it makes the game good, the ending is pure comedy
give me more Lil Kojima content please
Is this the first mob-of-italians-throwing-things-at-you-type game?
Truly the first CEO-type assassin
If asked to point out the least funny comments, for my money, I’d draw a big circle around 9 of the top 10
Fighting fascists? Is this where president elect Harris's campaign money went?
Can’t wait for Indiana Jones and the Little Boy Who Could Talk to Trees in 2027
Eat that bragel - Indiana Jones
Please more shovel games
It’s the first circle type game
you know what... I did not expect anything from this game. Not alone to be this good!
Indiana Jones and the Circle of the Great Big Dunk N Da Jungle.  Rated M for "MASTAPIEEEECE"
Indiana Jones has come a long way since the Fate of Atlantis
I totally missed this Monster Inc game as a kid.
annoda day, annoda play
6:48 - listen to the duplicate audio used in a row too quickly. sounds like a MIDI pad
reminds me of far cry 5 with baseball bat
6:56 - got me so good
I started playing this today, I got to the big giant dude and turned it off... granted I was going to dinner in about 4 hours so I had to stop anyway, So I decided to stop 3 and a half hours early to make sure I was hungry. Why do games put prompts like 'hit X' ..... now 'hit left stick' to move something.... why not just let x do it? also, dont try to run and jump before it tells you to, you die, even though I knew what to do BEFORE being told but having a brain is not required for this game.
You know a game is good when Dunkey spends most of the video dicking around with one mechanic diabolically giggling to himself
That Indiana Jones face looks terrible - a plastic caricature with no mimicry.
I don't remember bagels in Monsters Inc
The shooter quoted dunkey in his yearbook
Anoda day, anoda playy
if you look at it in a certain way, dunkey indirectly obliterated brian thompson
I see Dunky found the slow mo feature while editing
Baby Bababallicci, such a historical figure
I stopped listening to dunkey after he said barbuta was bad
not even close, baby!
giving random italian soldiers the moniker “fascist” is so cringe. like, there’s no way they’d caption npc american soldiers as “capitalist:”. it’s just so obvious that it was some trans developer getting off on the fantasy of fighting modern right-wingers
Annoda Day Annoda Play
Anodda day, Anodda play..
Never watched indiana jones, but this looks really fun. Read some reviews, definitely gonna try it. The graphics and minimal ui are sick
0:38 come on 🤣🤣😭 he just did Spider-Man 2 one time🤣
I like the part where the Indiana says "It is tomb raiding time"
Shadow quality look low quality even on Subprime settings, you need to enable Path Tracing to get best shadows and reflection.
Dunkey finds a way to make every game hilarious
HE WAS A DUNKEY FAN W
7:40 had me CACKLING
Man this uncharted mod is insane
mf he was a dunkey fan
The Baby Tomagachi sold for over 17 bajillion dollars at an art auction
Dat’s PENTAGONAL A!!!
When they went stealth over action, I noped out. Looks so boring. It should be outdoing Tomb Raider and Uncharted at their own game.
This is just The Last of Uscharted
Indiana Jones and the Greatest Fucking Throwing Arm of All Time
This looks good, but I don’t think it can beat _Indiana Jones and The Fucking Wizard_ for PS1
7:49 being able to play Evil Indy would’ve elevated this game to extraordinary levels
We need a full walkthrough or live streams from Dunkeyy! 😭😭😭😭
this game looks kinda blurry, just youtube?
i lost it at “the fly swatter” 😭😭
Patiently waiting for the highly anticipated 10th annual muffin tier list.
another garbage SBI infested game.  Hard pass.  won't even try it. not giving my money to woke
"Oh look a broom" SO IF YOU CARE TO FIND ME 😂
surprisingly, this is the second "throw random shit at people" type game...  the first one was Far Cry 5, but this one kinda does it better tbh
So they basically made skyrim with one big ahh dungeon?
This game really makes u feel like a complete sellout
dunkey any comment on the uhc shooter quoting you in his yearbook page
8:30 Out of pity, he decides to just walk into it. This game is at least *Quintuple A.* 😂
bro a million views in one day holy shit you done made it dunkey
Throwing simulator 1939
anodda day, anodda play
That was great
he sounds like Joker when he throws things directly at NPC’s skull and keeps laughing
I hate bad stuff like bad video games bad youtubers and boogie2988
I'm surprised that this didn't come out as a non functional mess like the last project the IP was tied to, and most licensed games for that matter
"He took the cat mummy, Marcus" "NOOOO"
It looks like a Ps4 game and pretends that it needs raytracing? Why is Bathesda choosing to make it so that most gaming PCs can't run it? Now I have to either wait until a mod comes out, or another 5 years. Or so until I actually have a legit reason to upgrade my GPU. My 1070 would run this at 60fps on low very easily if there was no raytracing. It's actually offensive how there's nothing whatsoever in the trailers that couldn't have been done in lower fidelity on an Xbox 360. An Xbox 360!
Indiana Jones: Tactical Espionage Operations
I just love how this game is just Indian Jones and the locals throwing garbage at each other.🤣
Okay, it has been a long time since I laughed out loud in a room by myself. But that " fuck you Spiderman " reference to your old video killed me. I woke up my kids from laughing. Thank you, 🫏  Please make another video about YouTube comments
low key one of your best in a while I was wheezing
Dunkey please play the Madagascar computer game for the next Monster's Inc. Sunday
I liked when this became throwing shovels Far Cry 5 halfway through 😂
ANODDA DAY, ANODDA PLAY
The game already uses the new Syria flag.
my favorite monsters inc saturday so far
Anodda day, anodda play.
Hey Dunkey, Luigi is a big fan!
you should play de indianjones on ps2
anodda day, anodda play - the luigis mansion
Dunkey, I loved your Luigi's Mansion video, can you review Luigi's 3D Printed Gun next?
Day two of waiting for Monsters Inc for PS3
Hot take: this game is a rubbish Monsters Inc. game
The power of good sFx can make an experience so much better.  The thuds and bangs of the improvised weapons hitting the enemies?  Excellent
Throwing Simulator
I couldn't stop laughing watching this
Car Fry 2
Play Nikki Infinity it’s peak
I can't believe Dunkey didn't mention the taking pictures of cats meta.
One of the funniest vids in a while Dunkey
My favorite Monsters Inc movie, Indiana Jones
this might be the best game ever made
Still waiting for that Black ops 6 video
the CEO assassin Luigi Mangione is a CONFIRMED dunky fan! Senior Quote: "Anodda day, Anodda Play" -Dunky. Kid is based as shit
“Gotta get your hat, it’s like Red Dead” I love how being up to date on Dunkey videos pays off 💀
Review the CEO killer. He was a fan of you.
Ah yes, indiana's classic foe: fascists.
Looks like Steven Spielberg finally realized how revolutionary Far Cry 5's melee physics were
This was the most amazingly enjoyable funky video. I cannot understand how this man creates such humor in a game so simple with its pve artefact collecting mechanisms. Dumky is the representation of modern humor that’s sourced from the previous YouTube era of letsplays with a modern twist of quick editing and live commentary. He portrays the “best bits” into an 8 minute 47 second video. This is encapsulated by a comedic enjoyment which of the new Indiana jones game. I completely agree with the Quadruple A rating as he mentions in the video. It’s so obvious now that this game isn’t just a re-make of a famous movie franchise, but an enjoyable, object throwing, reductive of gun pve single player game that lacks in gruesome combat creating a comedic, enjoyable experience for all players who desire to experience this interactive experience.
why the Jak and Daxter music at the end? haha
The head dip into the water putting out the torch got the same reaction from me
This game would have been octuple a if the volumetrics weren’t so medium
Monster's Inc Sunday AND Donkey Kong December? Maybe there is a god
Armenia Joe meets Big Wheel
7:37 theme starts playing, i was blown away like the guards
6:12 Do you have ibuprofen, i have a headache :P
Dude... the motion blur honestly made this hard to watch.
Are the enemies really just called "Fascist"? Lol. Your side bad my side good
I feel like they could’ve come up with a more interesting name than just Indiana Jones and the Circle
This game looks horrible lol
So much SMEAR
Dunkey really loves throwing random inanimate object at npcs lol
Indiana Jones & the Copious Projectile Throwing
dunkey the ceo killer used to watch your videos 😭😭
ANUDDA DAY
i swear youtube doesnt recommend me your videos
Fish mini game song goes hard
It’s all fun and games but this is such a great video game…
It's basically just James Bond with more throwing and the enemy speak Italian instead of Russian
The jak fish music at the end was a nice touch Dunkey
Honestly, this game does look really fun, but one thing it is lacking is some Spaghetti Punch (or Spaghetti Throw) action. This game would be amazing if it had that kind of technology.
You would think by now they would have facial animations and animations overall that were much better. Seems to me they are not advancing animation but are going backwards, lol. :)
jak and daxter
Developers should hire Dunkey to stress test their games.
I'd kidnap a thousand great circles before I'd let this Indiana Jones die
If only Luigi could watched this :(
Indiana Jones and the little engine that could
This game REALLY makes you FEEL like you're outside Hilton Hotel with a silenced handgun!
Anodda day, Anodda Play - Dunkey and Luigi
here before UHC assassincomments
Another day, another play
The first circle-type game 😅
Dunkey throwing stuff reminds me of the good ol' Hitman days 😂
Indiana Jones and the Great flop
This game really makes you feel like you're Indiana Jones .Phenomenal.
This game really makes you FEEL like Lara Croft.
This is a good video
cant wait to choose between mike and sully in epic steal car 6 it would 100% win goty if super mario 2 wasnt in the running
Indiana Throws
5:19
I just watched this movie for the first time last year lol. Glad to see the game holds up
Monsters inc and the great circle
Dunkey playing Hitman while playing Indiana Jones
This is a true Indy type game
- Get the IP of the most famous adventure movies franchise - Make it into a first person game - Profit
Is this a VR game?
AAAA video😂
More Ernie
Indiana Jones and the barrage of projectiles
1:00 "whip crack" instead of "crack whip"... slick lmao
fun fact: Indiana Jones was sold into slavery as a child while wearing Arab-face. He also killed Dracula at the end of WW1.
Wait this is a fun type game?
Jak and Daxter music at the end made me BIG smile mode! Show the people...
You know...i really miss the dedicated "throw a pebble" button from Far Cry 3. The noise it made from hitting somebody was perfect 😂
Dunkey's review: will the physics works...😂
That Knack 2 cameo at the beginning was awesome.
This video brought back the same energy from the classic old Dunkey videos. Love it
I was hoping for donkey kong december and again im disappointed
:'D
Dunkey forgot to bring the crank.
2:04 Is this a subtle yet powerful commentary on the fall of Bashar al-Assad government?
Now I wanna buy this game
Looks like a fun game
imagine getting beat up by a fly swatter...
Indiana Jones and the little boy who can talk to trees would be better than the crystal skull.
Couldnt get into po1 really but i have been loving poe 2 so far. Reminds me of diablo 2 but better. Monk has been tough, but I got the bell just before i got off last night, and that feels pretty strong. Great vid as always! Looking forward to seeing more poe content!
7:15 remembers the whip button
I haven't laughed this hard at a Dunkey video in a really long time 😂
Finally a shovel throwing type game.
This is one of the greatest crosssovers of ALL TIME! Finally, the Indy-verse and the Spider-verse collide as Indiana Jones does battle with Spiderman's greatest foe, BIG WHEEL!
I was interested in this game before, but now I'm sold. Indiana Jones and the Dunking Shovel.
Anyone know what the outro music is here? It might be Jak and Daxter but I can't tell
him eating the garlic bread shouldn't be this hilarious lol
2:05 Love seeing the syrian flag being the new one especially now after it got liberated.. Much love dunkey from syria💚💚💚
looks like a vr game
Hey Dunkey, great re-enactment of Johnny Somali visiting South Korea!
0:53 That's not special dog, everyone can talk to trees.
366
I can't believe they don't have Baby Galivicci in this game...
Indiana Throws, more like it.
"Indiane Jones and the Big Circle" made me laugh so fucking hard. It sounds so pathetic. It's beautiful..
still waiting for dunkey to release good content
Dunkey you were better than silver in Overwatch. You've been diamond. Plus you're the top rank in Guilty Gear and the world record holder on Bowser's Big Bean Burrito.
i was really looking forward to this but the game is totally broken for me when Indy gets spiders off Sapito's back, he T-posed the whole time and his whip moved of its own accord while the spiders floated away
Indiana Jones and the Mediocre Square was so much better.
this is the first throwing-type game
It's too bad Indiana Jones ended up being a traitor to the country in 2024.
"don't worry kid, I was a silver in OverWatch"
Is dunk playing jack and daxter???
Ray tracing requirement for a game that looks worse than tomb raider is crazy
I remember when I saw the Baby Baba Baleeci painting in the Domo Dodonne museum in Rome.
Does anyone have the name of the song in the outro?
Bottle blaaaaaast - this game is actually Hitman and the Big Circle
Egyptian thing went into pakistan. Smartest american
Truly the first AAAA game
I thought for sure Dunkey was going to play the indiana jones games from 1999 that are on steam.
Indiana Jones and the Really Old Box Indiana Jones and the Scary Caves Indiana Jones and the Cup of Water
AAAA shovelware-type game
Indiana Jones and the eht dna senoJ anaidnI
The first AAA Indie game
Still Paulie don’t remember my name
Why there's no innovation on videogame mechanics since 2013?
3:02 another Dunkey quote to add to my repertoire 🧐
cant believe thats the voice of kaz in mgsv hes got to be some of the best talent in the industry of all time
“Indiana Jones and the Boy Who Can Talk to Trees”! 😂
Indy's voice actor is atrocious.
Indiana Jones if he is a mass murderer
No "Boar Vessel 600-500 BC Estruscan Ceramic" 0/10 -IGN
As someone from Indiana, I can confirm this is accurate. All Hoosiers are capped at "medium volumetrics"
Omg this game looks terrible🤣
I like that the weaponry of fascist Italy was shown very realistically - sticks and stones
Indiana Jones and the big throw
Was that ending music from Jak and Daxter?
GOG needs more games. And more Servers to download from. No matter what game or device or isp, GoG download speed is abysmal
GOTY shit man😂😂😂😂
NPC caches thrown bottle ? 110% GOTY right there.
the blops 6 video is gonna be absolutely nuts
Indiana Jones and the random objects lying around to throw at fascists
What... is this? A visual novelization of _Raiders of the Lost Ark?_ Is it one giant quicktime event, where you press X to intimidate a really bad CGI Alfred Molina? If I was a fan of Indiana Jones and I was working on this game, my soul would be crushed.
Indiana Throwins
"Indiana Jones and The Big Wheel"
The adventures of Harrison Honda is finally available to play
"I'll throw a thousand objects at people before I let this company die!"
“India jones and the godamn wheel”belong on a shirt
This a shovel type of game
omg this looks so ass XD
5/10 the game isn’t circular enough
So glad they made a sequel to Dark Messiah of Might and Magic.
Dodgeball Indiana
I've gone back to the two second long "f" at 00:36 ten times now. I don't even know if dunkey himself understands how funny it is.
Mechanics are quite similar to dishonored 2 with maybe a better ai , although void engine was a modified version of Id tech 5,  this engine is headed in the right direction.
3:52 Dark Messiah of Adventure & Archaeology
Indiana Jones and the Healthcare problem
This game won't be complete until it has the kick from Dark Messiah!
Dunkey!! I need to know. Id the song from the outro from jak and daxter?
Dunkey loves him some throwing objects. First Hitman, now Indiana Jones.
Indiana Jones and the Indiana in the Jones
I don't remember there even being half this much throwing of things in Indiana Jones
I see Agent Johnes is very proficient at killing people with shovels.
Silly dunkee you don't eat the spaghetti, you use it for your special SPAGHETTI PUNCH move
Can we just take a moment to appreaciate how Troy Baker does an impeccable and totally convincing impression of Dunkey.
The "great circle" is that bagel!
Pretty stoked to play this!
This video of Donkey Kong December is one if not the best. And made exactly before black ops 6 finish the installation
7:55 got tarkoved lmao
You really can't comprehend how big this circle is until its bent over.
But did you ever give them the bagel?
that ending 👌
2:04 now that Syrian flag was brought back all these years later.
I now want Indiana Jones and The Sorcerer Stone. Thanks dunkey.
That was a good video, but now I gotta go Grush my teeth
2:42 Uppsala mentioned?!?!? I live there
Supreme graphics just adds sour cream and tomatoes.
Another great installment, Dunkster
the pope has the collector's edition!!
I could and would have watched more of that throwing
When the fuck are we getting an actual dunkey video?!
Since Indy is a professor, this is more of a Monsters University Sunday game.
Indiana Jones and the throwing thing simulator
The camera looks straight from boundary break
Is this game dogwater or are you just making it LOOK like dogwater?
Adding a hitmarker to the game was certainly a choice lmao
Game looks like dogshit
I thought it impossible, yet here it is before our very eyes. The first throwing-random-shit-at-armed-guards type game.
this is where the Jones goes
Troy baker
7:40 guess dunkey finally managed to play Black Ops 6
Dunkey looking at soo many baby pictures in this one makes me think he might be pregnant.  If that is the case, congratulation!
7:53  the real wallhack
“replaced with a small dog” made me spit out my drink 🤣
you are a funny monkey
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of 32GB's of RAM
7:20 "Local man ruins everything"
0:37 HE SAID THE THING
0/10, Indy didn't pronounce Sukhothai correctly
5:43 the final boss move
8:21 CAR FRY 5 REFERENCE!
Truly this trip to Italy was a Golden Experience
Clearly shovelware
Jak music in the outro, love it
you didnt play this game on supreme settings, didnt you?
Indian Jones new movie is crazy.
finally a worthy sequel to far cry 5
Ayo Jak and Daxter outro music..? 😮
throwing things simulator
this is what is considered a throw type game
And the big circle hahahah
Far Cry 5 walked so Indiana Jones can run in a big circle.
7:57 Han shot first
Wtf in the game jones takes his hat at the last second before the door closes in the movie it was his whip on that scene 😂
Saying fascist in the subtitles...  Why would you censor your own game when there's literally no need to
Ah, the Babi Dunkerini!  100 of those were made, according to the internet.
Plays an Indy game, turns it into a discount Hitman game.
IGN should hire you for Dr. evil levels of pay
Omg the shovel throwing is like Shovel girl lol
There were a lot of people named Fascist in Italy back then must have been a common name.
HE WASNT READY!!!
6:55 lol
A world where nobody has guns so everybody just throws random stuff at each other^^
Finally, a shovel-type game 🤔
I was silver in Overwatch))))))
Indie Joe and The Big O
I don't get it...
Double hit AND counter throw? Man, this guy's an Indiana Jones Pro!
3:11 wow he's literally me
Dude got cornier and cornier
Indian's Jonesing and the Great Gloryhole.
I cannot tell if this game is good from this video or not!!
It does make you feel like Indian Jones.
first supreme type graphics
this game was made for dunkey. i still remember the bottles hitman video.
5:44 wtf 😮
how do ppl say this looks like a ps3 game like wtf
0:37 that character on left is actually played by Alfred Molina, Dr Octavious in Spider Man 2. NOT green goblin. Get it right Dunkey.
all money went into graphics, nothing left to design proper AI, truly one of the quad A games
Shrek games have improved so much it looks like its on the PS100
Dunkey you have to play OG Fortnite those early Fortnite videos were honestly some of your funniest. You don’t play for fun you play to win bro ok
Legit one of the stinkiest videos by dunkey in a long time.
Indiana jones and the white dot that wont go away
"These circles are makin' me thirsty" – Indiana Jones.
Without having played the game, it sure looks like they copy/pasted bokoblin AI from Zeldo
The best thing about this games is that it really makes you FEEL like Indiana Jones.
Wait, Dunkey said what!?
This game reminds me of throwing the frisbee in Animal Well
Big round wins again.  Indy learned well from his master, Jackie Chan.
eat da bragle
1:14 dont worry, kids. i was silver in overwatch 😂😂😂
7:08 "This is where the Jones goes, Dick." Lmfao
how insane is this mans pc
AAAA game in action
this game really makes you FEEL like Harrison Ford-... I mean Indiana Jones
This game didn't have any reason to actually be good instead of a generic story driven action game
3:13 Is Indiana Jones my Dad?
Whips are the original strand gameplay
Why is the title so bad?
I got motion sick watching this video T_T
0:37 SPIDAHMAAAAA
I guess Black ops 6 is still loading
I like Video Game Dunkey
ah yes SUPREME graphics for the SUPREME game...
Wow, its very brave of them to put you up against fascists. I wonder why they never have you fight communists? Hmm... 🤔
Singlehandedly convinced me to play this
Dude is that the music for the fishing minigame in the Jak & Daxter?!
this garbage game and franchise is what we sacrificed Wolfenstein 3 for.. I will never forgive them never playing this game
It's literally just like the movie? Why no t just watch the movie then? Are they even trying anynmore?
Baby Lagabicci was supposed to be the model for the little girl in Monsters Inc. but since they only made zero of them it was not possible
6:30   The fact it's still not a guarantee that people will hold things during animations like that is honestly silly.
Indiaba Jobes and the Great Boink on the Head
Glad dunk ate that bragel it really helps your throwing arm in this game monsters inc university 2
Monsters inc sunday 3: indiana jonesy boogalo
i was expecting him to punch people the whole video
i see shimmer. which means max upscaling.  this is gonna suck for  less vram type gpus
Indiana Jones and The Goddamn Wheel
I J is gay now
I screamed at spiderman
What a hilarious supreme game
Dunkey I love ya brother but the motion blur is killing me
The AI catching the bottle and dodging is pretty good NGL
Someone should make an R34 movie and call it "In Diana Jones"
Me:  I work at 8:30 Its 8:21 Dunkey video 8 min,  Perfect
The first "prendete lo!" game since Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood
They really didn't need to put those guns in there when you can throw that pickaxe that far.
This video probably generated more sales than any of the actual marketing for the game holy shit this looks awesome
Can I play this on my phone?
insane tech in a indiane game
Been waiting for a throw type game
missed opportunity to call it "indiana jones and big wheel"
Longest Duckyeek video
So great to see another shovel-based Indy game. Just like Shovel Knight
Played like an hour of this.   It has very exciting gameplay like press sideways to move the vine or press B when told to during a fight.  Plays like a Telltale game.
What's that one first person action-RPG game where you can kick people? I'm getting shades of that here  It's been SO long where I wanted to play a game just to dick around with the physics
"Supreme graphics" 😂
Indiana Bones
"Facist" seems to be a pretty popular name in this game. 90% of the NPCs are named it.
After all these years, Dunkey still sounds like a southern black dude with close family ties to Aunt Jemima.
The shovel bonk reminds of FC5 lol
Huh, I did not know AAA game can be this fun
so this is the indie games people talkin bout
NGL this game looks great
Very ultra?
LMAO!
yes
It's like "America's Funniest Home Videos" the game.
How big is the cirle we are talking about?
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Dunk
An aggressively mediocre game. A chore to play.
Have you managed to install Black Ops 6 yet?
5:22 "You're about as deep as a bowl of soup, and your tongue is about as sharp as a soup spoon."
Going for a digital likeness of these aging and dead actors is a predictable but still incredibly bizarre way to go about it. Hearing Troy Baker's voice come out of Harrison Ford's mouth is incredibly jarring. Please, Harrison Ford doesn't have to be *the* face in all future Indy media forever. Actors die, but art can live on.
Worlds first big circle type game
XENOBLADE 3 SPOILERS!
this is the first hammer type game
it's not a good circle, it's a GREAT circle
6:23 It’s so funny to me how often this joke comes up. Why does every one of these games feel the need to make their character sidle slowly througha crack in the wall?
Indiana Thrown-s
Indiana Jones and the Flying Brooms
This is like being at a whip party at walterpickles house
cant wait to play on the 4090, gonna look so good
This is some looney tones ass game
Sooo.... did Black Ops ever finish installing?
When I got to the first stealth level and was having fun just running around bonking enemies on the head with fly swaggers and music instruments I thought to myself Dunkey is gonna love this game! The combat is so whacky 😂
"Indiana Jones and the Slick Circle"
I HAAVE THE COLLECTOR'S EDITION🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
2:00 I knew it. This was a Jojo spinoff all along.
Is black ops 6 done downloading
Indiana Jones and the great bonks
Thanks for throwing that at the penguin who set up Jake and Elwood.
I don't remember them throwing shovelsnin Blade Runner
@4:32 the thought of being on patrol and a broom just flying at you from the darkness is hilarious
2:40 Uppsala mentioned!!
"Hebeterian", eh? Lemme just google tha- OH GOD
Indiana Jones and the Improvised Weapons
I laughed so hard at this. You should play Hitman 2 sometimes, with the tracer briefcase bug.
"Really makes you feel like indiana jones"
half surprised he didn't play the Atari or lego game.
Indiana Jones and... BIG WHEEL the BEST spider man villain.
1:15 I can attest that being rank Silver in Overwatch does NOT mean good survival skills lol.  7:38 This sequence of Dunkey stealing a soldier's gun and casually shooting him and his allies while humming the Indiana Jones theme is equal parts macabre and hilarious.
This game is a example of shovelware done right.
Bold of them to include the Baby Bababalucci in passing like that. They could've made an entire game with that as the central treasure.
Ngl, this game actually looks great. Prob the first AAAAA game in a while.
A game for the privileged kids and content creators 💰 💰
I prefer Indiana Jones in Odd-world
7:12 Getting hit in the face with a bullwhip will kill you instantly lol
When they made a semi serious game you can goof around in they already made a good game hahaha good video donkey very funny hahaha I had a good laugh ahah
5:08 He wasn't talking to the guard, he was actually talking to the umbrella
„This game got more artifacts than dragon age” this one got me
best monster's inc sunday yet
how come the gameplay isn't Lego
those volumetrics,,, unwatchable really
Seems like one of those games with impressive graphics but boring gameplay.
Leah is super proud of Dunk for the National Treasure reference.
my favorite part was when he ate that bragel
When donkey said "eat that bragel" i felt shivers down my spine!
Love how the enemies are called “fascist” and not “Nazi” just like in the Indiana jones movies in real life!
I really like this call of duty black ops 6 map!
Oh no, dunkey ruined the embargo, he uploaded the video 14 minutes before december 9
What Dunkey was trying to tell you is that the weapon system is fun and mature
Is black ops still installing?
Dunkey should've played Indiana Jones and the Black Pearl for the PS2 (I mean, The Emperor's Tomb) Maybe next Monster's Inc Sunday.
Love the Jak music at the end. Brings me back to a better time 🥲
I love Bragels
Dunkey can you do more monsters inc type videos
more unreal engine in 1080p slop! take my $70!!!!
The second i saw this game’s trailer i knew dunkey would have a field day w the combat xD
This is a dodgeball simulator lol 😂
Ladies and gentlemen, First Person Thrower
The replaying the first movie, essentially, I have seen complained about but most gamers are kids and many kids have yet to see these movies so I think it is a good establishing shot for the time. If you remember this scene from the movie fondly you likely have kids and a job at this point.
This is like gaming at Steven Spielbergs house.   P.S. The only game he worked on so far was Medal of Honor for PS1.
dungley, they just patched in ultra supreme real full trace graphic, you gotta redo the video now, sorry 😔
dunkey just keeps getting better
When I played this game,I thought for sure there was gonna be at least 30 seconds of Dunkey turning the light in his office on and off, very disappointing
Jak and Daxter music at the end of
Still a more interesting Indy adventure than Dial of Destiny.
2:27 MegaMan reference at the third row
It's interesting to me that for almost a decade now, we've all accepted AAA games where a shovel to the face at mach-10 can often mean nothing to an NPC, yet a donut thrown in the vague direction of the player means game over.. I mean hell, in Far Cry these days, ten .50BMG rounds to the face won't kill a casually spawned trash NPC because he had a helmet and you didn't use the special "AP" rounds.
dunkey was on drugs while recording this Aware
This game isn’t quite what I expected from the trailers. It’s got Oblivion level NPCs and combat but it functions no looks Indiana Jones enough. I’ll accept.
Is this Knack 4?
So glad for light through the bottle technology
When the entire village showed up and started chucking shit at him I lost it.
Ah yes, my favorite the movie the game: Han Sojo and the Giant Donut.
I don't get it
Was like “There’s an Indiana Jones game out?” Then after the video a trailer played. Dunkey is once again light years ahead of the perceived cutting edge of the game industry.
the baby did really good on this one, she even programmed in a sledgehammer weapon. Please give baby dunkey a raise of 1 banana and 1 apple sauce cup, thank you.
I'm so glad this game had a sort of sandbox feel. I could do some crazy stuff when it comes to these enemies
His ledge climbing speed is slow because in fairness Harrison Ford is pretty old now
Finally a decent throw simulator type game…
my parents actually named me indiana jones, im so proud they made this game for me hehehe
Easily top 2 “getcho hat” type game
Really makes you feel like Indiana Jones
I laughed so hard my side started hurting
"This is a good game." -videogamedunkey...while laughing hysterically
I think we’re back to 2018 levels of graphics.
That's not a garlic bread that's a Biz Scotty.
Ah yes anoda Dunkey Classic
indiana jones and the big shovel
Not quite a gun type game, more of a shovel type game
Wasn’t ready for Spider-Man but I’m glad it was in there.
That's like in Melee you can catch an item thrown at you and it's always so satisfying
They totally used Ai to do the voices
Yo dunk, how’s the bo6 comin along??:))
This game seems great, the crowd of 20 dudes throwing brooms and mugs at Indiana Jones is so funny.
I hope it will go on my potato comp lol
7:55 in case you needed a reminder of who made this game.
Now I know why he did the Red Dead video. He make a brief comment about fetching your hat so that in this video he could make a brief reference to that comment during another brief comment about fetching your hat. Pure tactical brilliance
Selling Out
This game really makes you FEEL like you're Indiana Jones!
Greatest Indie game of the year
Mike Wazowski!
Marvel rivals video please
0:37 - I got that joke, I don't think many will tho
When are you going to play Indiana jones?
Pickup and throw stuff the game.
I think it's unique that they went with a first person perspectib. It reminds me a bit of the King Kong Xbox 360 game, but more puzzles than survival horror.
this is like hitman if the whole game was based on the briefcase
That “F**k you Spider-Man!” came completely out of nowhere and took me out
everybody knows fascists can't dodge spoons,
Ok, nothing to do with Dunkey, he's endless fun as usual, but dear god they need to figure out light reflections on surfaces. Yes, you are placing them correctly, but why stark white EVERY single time? What time of day is it, where you are standing indoors, with soft shadows and partial lighting, and it is STARK white on a mild day? A little yellow or orange would do wonders, and that's before you get into the perfect white of the MOON.
This is a throwing type game
Looking forward to spaghetti Saturday
When dunkey made this game I think he did a really good job on the water graphics
Love when he plays Indy games
Games based on movies used to be garbage, now they're pretty solid and even upstage a lot of original IPs
game so good the video is just him doing the same thing and having fun
"Eat dat bray-gull"
:39 same actor who plays doc oc
I miss donkey kong december
jak and daxter fisherman music detected!
Why does this look so fun?
indianer jern
Missed opportunity to call it Indiana Jones and BEEG WHEEL
This game is really good, It forces me to think about what im going to do and pays every attention to details and dialogues, instead of mind numbingly going from point A to point B to fight like a lot of the other games. passby dialogues is pretty good too.
Sequel to Far Cry 3 looks good
You are GOATed for the Jak and Daxter fisherman music in that outro
I miss the shorter Dunkey videos where he put more effort into his jokes. I feel like I've heard the joke about the volumetrics quality in other videos but just in other forms. Like when NPCs say "how are you doing this" and Dunkey replies "I just tapped B." There hasn't been a lot of memorable quotes recently
Can they make a triple A lethal weapon game already
Game of the Year right here.
Machine Games did a lot right with the Indy IP, and id's engine is performant and scalable...but for a game actually aping the opening sequence of a movie, it certainly does not do cinematic as well as Uncharted 4 did back in 2016.
7:53 I’ve never seen a dog that looks like that before.
This one looks cool but I'm waiting for the next chronicles of Riddick game I'm thinking I'll probably get at least 2 copies of that
0:37
More MachineGames slop? Yeah nah, I think I'm good.
I prefer monsters inc but this was really funny
Could have given a legit take on the game. Your reviews were your best content
All of the object throwing just reminds me of your old Hitman video with the Spaghetti Punch.(tm)
This game really makes you feel
i'm not allowed to play this game on my graphics card :(
That laugh 😆
Very cool of Dunkey to take a break from installing B06 to play this game and gives us this review.
Maybe the real Great Circle was the friends we made along the way
5/10, not enough donkey kong
didn't expect that spiderman reference 💀💀💀
First throwing type game
The volumentrics were very loud I did not like them
this is a top tier dunkey video
I'm glad they took some of the slapstick moments in the movie and integrated it into the combat. Hearing Dunkey laugh like this is a great endorsement to try the game out!
So Monster’s University was also set in Indiana. It all makes sense
really appreciate dunkey exploring these artifact type game.
God is Troy Baker the only guy I. This industry?
This really expands the Donkey Kong December strand type lore
I might’ve laughed more at this video than I have in a long time😂
This franchise is so boring I can't even watch donkey dunk on it
I found dynamite at the excavation site but couldn't figure out how to light it, so I threw it, nothing happened. 10/10
I love it when developers dump pre-optimization, full size assets into a graphics setting no one can actually run on contemporary hardware. How it will look five years from now is definitely worth the space on my hard drive.
The final boss was the NPC we punched along the way
I have actually bought several paintings of Baby Botolisi
NOT THE CAT MUMMY
The shovel throwing physics from Far Cry 5 was very necessary to bring Indie to life
What, is this game a fan of Far Cry or something.
this is like deadrising except with facists instead of zombies
You know it’s a good video when you get the Jak and Daxter 1 music
"i love you more than tacos"
Escape From Butcher Bay vibes
If you want a game about fighting nazis machinegames is who you call.
This video marks 900 videos for dunkey! Thank you for your awesome vids.
donkey i couldn’t keep my hammer in the cutscene but maybe it’s cause im on xbox
GTA 6 looks ok, but I expected more tbh.
Something something Black Ops 6 still hasn’t downloaded
Nice
Dunkey has a pretty contagious laugh tbh 😂
New fav!
Starts at 0:00 and ends at 8:47.  What a masterpiece.
Donkey Kong December is back baby
Make another vide in Giza, there are dynamites! 😂😂
My stomach hurts from laughing
the character modeling quality is nowhere near the volumetrics.. and it’s only on medium!!
Best Indiana Jones movie since The Last Crusade
Wow this game has more artifacts than Dragon Age 😂 I just lost it right there.
throwing every object you can really reminds me of hitman
0:50 They did do a book called Indiana Jones and the philosopher's stone
Can't Wait For The Black Ops 6 Video
This is a throw object type of game, dunkey is having a blast on this one 😂
this game is a shovel-type game
The game graphics looks like 10 years old. I mean, what else to expect from Bethesda, right?
I think it's really clever and smart how this game tells you who the fascists are by the subtitles telling you they're fascists. Game of the year, 10 out of 10, catch up, Nintendo.
That he spendt 20 sec TRYING his best to hurt the poor nuns! It broke me down into tears! ROFL! :D
Indiana jones? More like Indiyawna Jones
How great is the Great Circle? It's pretty great.
*sees painting of Jesus Christ* HEY it's Babalaiichi
they called the dog that replaced the butterfly indiana
The grind to 1k dongo videos is almost here. I just know its going to be something big mode
Indiana Jones and the throwable objects
I'm suprised how bad the volumetrics look in Indiana Jones and the Fucking Wizard
0:37
what about indiana jones and the pheobe waller bridge
Finally, Uncharted 5
Damn, William Defoe's performance in Indian Jones was AMAZING!!
it was about one year ago dunkey announced donkey kong december... it feels like a lifetime ago....
where's the end song from??
This channel is the Cocomelon for adults
Donkey Kong December!
Should have listened to npc guy when he said "Look out!" after you died. Would have saved your life.
whats the outro music?
Man you’re hilarious lol. Always love a Dunkey video.
Love how uncharted fans really had to mention uncharted whenever an adventure game is released, while their franchise is a corridor shooter linear derivative while Indy is an semi-openworld immersive sim and even recent cod has a social stealth.
Hey dunky it’s me Reggie I need ten thousand dollars to make yoshi cart deluxe so you can play it
Glad they dropped 'jerk' from the title
Thank you, Dunkey, for reviewing the first Indy-type game.
are supreme graphics better than slick graphics?
Dankey fans on some brain rot kool aid tbh
I like how the game quickly devolved into a cafeteria food fight
this made me laugh more than it really should
I simply cannot believe that he keeps the bottle in the animation. Truly revolutionary
Sir, this is a Tuesday
A fly swatter but no big hot lady 😢
This game is surprisingly impressive
7:55 When an NPC is tired fighting a player so he activates Noclip.
It really makes you feel like Indiana Jones two
All jokes aside this is legit one of the best games I've ever played, the acting is some of the best in gaming and the writing is very very funny. And the visuals on PC are as good as the best looking games like Cyberpunk. If they released it a month earlier it would have won GOTY.
*Throws broom*  "Must've been the wind."
Really makes you feel like it belongs in a museum
They’re not called fascists they’re called Italians
If you could dodge a shovel, you can dodge a ball
8:08  Dunky throws a billy club at a guy and dehelmets him.
Indiana Thrown
"They should do Indiana Jones and the goddamn wheel. What about Indiana Jones and the sorcerer's Stone? What about Indiana Jones and the little boy that could talk to trees?"  The problem with this series of jokes, Dunkey, is that the first one is the best.
I love how the enemies are just named "Fascist"
Dunkey has finally found another throw type game after Far Cry 5, I'm very happy for him.
7:39 Dunkey says “so the new Call of Duty…”
This game really makes you feel like black ops 6 is almost downloded
The Alfred Molina joke was fucking spot on
Game looks boring as fuck
Glad it’s not a square, the shape of evil
Indiana Jones and the Big Wheel
4:51 I don't have any friends but Jason's laugh makes me feel life is a bless. Thank you Dark so... I mean Dunkey, sir  (we actually have the same age, sadge...)
best throwing game since space jam
Insufficient video memory!
8:20 StealthGamerBR moment
Can't believe a time travel went back and made a whole set of movies and a game ripping off of Uncharted. People these days...
"don't worry kid, I was silver in overwatch" -indiana winston
Dying at how all the enemies are just throwing weapons at him 💀
This game so good it finished loading Black Ops 6.
It's not big circle, it's circulo gigante
As a "throwing shit at people's heads" simulator, this game is worth every penny. (unless you live in Canada. Then you gotta round up to nickels, because they've collectively come to terms with the fact that pennies have no value)
Monsters inc Sunday vs Minecraft Monday look how far we’ve come
Did anybody else notice the guy's arm vibrating at 100bpm at 1:09?
Made me feel like a real archeologist!
Indiana dodgeball playball
This is the greatest thing to happen to Great Circles since Indiana Jones
Finally, a true successor to Far Cry
Imagine naming your kid "Indiana"
Indi doesn’t need a gun. He’s got shovel
5:43 Not going to lie: "catching the thing thrown at you" is my favorite counter when it comes to fights. It just always looks cool as hell! ❤
Truly the first ever Throwing Objects-Type Game
It’s Indiana Jones Throw Shit at People Adventure. Das a good game.
good video junkey .. i wish time was a great circle so i could watch it again for the first time
"Indiana Jones and the Goddamn Wheel" made me laugh out loud
Wait a minute…  This game is just ripping off of Uncharted
Looks like a great Immersive Simulator.. 🙂
We named the dog, Dunkey.
They made the Facists the bad guys? Why everything always so political?
Just like the movies baybeee.
This channel used to be called Wisconsin Jones and the Elden Circle
I can’t wait for the sequel “indiana jones and the mediocre triangle”
Dunkey really loves throw-type games
God those physics look so fun
WHAT HAPPENED TO DONKEY KONG DECEMBER?!?!?!?
Don't know why he started making more videos again but I'm lovin every single one 👍🏻
This was really good classic donkesleyy
the second ever Far Cry 5 type game
This isnt marvel rivals
This entire video was somehow both out of and in character for Indiana Jones
Dr. Jones December
Damn, I needed to hear that Jak & Daxter music. Thank you 🙏
It was Sully's turn
The slickness of Indiana jones and the big circle
Is this monsters university?
Ah a throwing things at guys type of games
Grazie. <3
why is this a game? who was this made for? why make it ever?
even though he did a pretty good job of capturing Harrison Ford's 'sound', I still hear Troy Baker
graphics so supreme they started calling me slurs
The first AAAA Indy type game
Seems pretty historically accurate👓
jak and daxter 1 ost fishing lake OST outro 10/10, next week jak n daxter tuesday
Still not as good as Dunkey and the Big Beam Burrito
Just wait till Mr. Waternoose hears about this
I haven’t watched the movies but I thought he was a good guy D:
The enemies are just called "Fascist", this truly is just a Reddit game
Looks cool and all but i aint paying 70€  Wake me up when its 10€ on sale
bragel
"they took the cat mummy..." idk why that made me laugh
Wait can someone tell me how this is canon to Monsters Inc? I stopped after the first one.
I’m so mad we got this but no Lego Indiana Jones rerelease. I pissed.
The spiritual successor to Far Cry 5
Truly the first shovel type game
hahahahah
indiana jones and the poorly thrown broom
What an awful game. And the enemy npcs literally being called fascists is funny.
Too funny
Mob of angry Italians throwing stuff at you while you eat a biscotti makes this actually look appealing… thank you Todd Howard I will buy…
11 out of 10 game hands down I love it it’s amazing
Dunkey can you play antonball
They should do indiana jones and the purple crayon
Masterpiece
can't wait for Black Ops 6 december in January
Indiana Jone's Arm of Destiny
The big 360, the giant curve, the massive orbit
Monsters Incan
It's the giggles that got me.
The first throwing-type game
This game makes me FEEL like Indiana Jones
I honest to god thought indiana jones and the big circle was a joke name you gave to whatever this was
If the positive reception keeps up, this could mean that the Series X finally has a game
Man Indy games graphics are getting to be top notch 💪
a monkey made this game I never though trowing things could be that fun
We haven't seen throwing physics this good in a video game since Half-Life
indiana jones and the medium volumetric quality
I love the Jak and Daxter music at the end, can we get a video for that game please
This really is the first supreme type game.
This game looks like so much fun! Too bad it’s not coming to PS5 till like next year 😢
they finally made Far Cry 5: 2
Indie games normally never have such high system requirements.  The world is a confusing place and I want out.
This is by far the funniest dunkey video ive seen in years I was audibly laughing the entire time!
Indiana Jones and the Utensil Throwing Simulator
Kinda goofy watching crowds of people throwing shit at you, especially at what looks like a military camp?
AAAA technology is crazy, Dunkey shows the NPCs the item throwing meta and they start throwing back.
So glad we finally got a Big Wheel game
1:29 gettin whacked? I remember what that's like, shit city.
Can’t believe they made a game based on the Yuno Miles song.
For a good minute I thought: "Man I know english so well it's as if they were speaking italian!" damn it xv
They're calling it the first "Jones" type game!
More like Indianapolis Throw amirite
XBOX SERIES X VERSION IS AMAZING!!! PC CANNOT COMPETE!!! My friend has a gaming PC with a 4090 and he cant' get this game looking as good as it does on the SX! I donated my gaming PC to Goodwill after I saw how this looks on Xbox! There is not a gaming PC on earth that can keep up, they smoke, GPU cracks, fan over heats, the tower warps and the system crashes under the pressure. Not Xbox! SX puts Indiana Jones in a visual quality rarely seen by human eyes. Such a glorious graphical fidelity, that some are temporarily losing their sight due to the shock. ''Some''...heart attacks have been reported.
You know while I do love me an indie game I'm just way to excited for the sequel in the acclaimed strand series
My favorite Hitman type game, only 0 were made for $13.
Reminds me of FPS Hitman with all the throwing weapons 😂
Jak and Daxter music at the end.
So this is just male protagonist tomb raider isn't it?
The first throw Type game
This looks like a game from 2013 that has been given a graphical overhaul.
Indiana Jones and the Beeg Yoshi
Indiana Jones and the Big Wheel
Seems like dunkey had a lot of fun! Is this game actually good?
this feels like an indiana jones version of jurassic park trespasser
i like all the baby paintings
I sense glorious days are comming for this *Press F to whip crack*
This game really makes you FEEL like Indiana Jones.
Having literally just watched the first three films back to back before watching this video (odd coincidence) killing a guy with a shovel is actually 100% on brand for Indiana Jones
4:38 Jazzpunk? Is that you?
Can anyone who speaks Dunkey tell me whether he likes this game
Soo.. is the game actually any good?😂
What were you thinking Bethesda?! Indiana Jones and the Great Monsters Inc. Sunday is a much better title. Listen to this man
You should def show your specs :)  I've got a good pc but would still not run as smooth as on your rig
3:39 that’s funny because Polygon one made a video about this
This isn't Antonblast
The Blops6 Downloading Arc continues with Indy jumping in for the save since Monsters Inc is on vacation today on National Super Mario Bros 2 day! Master Chief would be so proud. Thank you Indianapolis Colts, you're the best!
You’re out Dunkey. Outta your mind!
another 10/10 monsters inc sunday video by dunkey!
Not your best work
I wonder if dunkey can do a serious video review of Indiana jones and the great circle without making everything a joke every 5 seconds cause half of the jokes or majority are a miss
The green goblin always ends up being in every AAAA game
the protagonist sounds like the cop from Blade Runner
8:33 please songe name 😘😘 (banjo kazooey)
Maybe the real Great Circles were the shovels we threw along the way
You just know the devs at MachineGames were testing out hours of different things to throw at Nazis.
'Indiana Jones and the find something to bonk someone over the head with'.
Hey donkey can you make another video about big yoshi please
The Bottleer returns
My favorite monster inc Sunday yet
this game being good was such a pleasant surprise
This here is the first throw type game.
why would you have the wolfenstein devs make a game that is mostly melee combat is this a joke
2:55 Wow, I did not know that the BIGMODE mascot was worshipped in ancient times.
'Indiana Jones and the Big Circle' is ok, but it's no 'Spider-Man and the Big Wheel'.
Why can't Xbox make a single good single player game lol how hard is it to copy uncharted mechanics they are more than a decade old 💀
This is classic Dunkey
This game "nothing is easier to upset than an insecure male"  also this franchise: Some insecure dorks fantasy of a manly adventurer
I love that we're still calling back on that green goblin reference after all these years
I cant with this Dunkey guy lol
Indiana Jonsey
Game is really fun honestly. I wish it had more large area hubs tho.
Indiana jones and the chain link fence
OMG, HE IS VOICED BY JOEL MILLER
7:20 A full camp of nazis equipped with the top of the line weaponry - sticks and stones. That's just too ridiculous 😂
ONLY 0 WAS MADE
The Jak & Daxter outro music we need a remake 😭
5:18 I always start my morning by eating the bragel.
makes you feel like you're indiana jone
Dunkey clearly upgraded his 1080
I love the Jak and Daxter music at the end, brings back memories
0:38 "FACK YOU SPIDERMAN"
Watching this while waiting for the game on gamepass
2:10 Ancient Egyptian, obviously: classic.
People are always saying games graphics have come so far, but idk man, 2024 and we're still on MEDIUM volumetric quality??? We're basically playing Super Mario Brothers for the Nintendo Entertainment System at this point
Indiana Joens and the Philosopher's Stone is a genuine novel. So not far off with Sorcerer's Stone
Mahurrr, I have the collector's edition
Is the bottle not the best weapon in the game? Go back to hitman. Can’t even dunky roll in this trash game
what if dunkey played Enigma of Fear 😳
Why does Dunkey laff like Ernie from Sesame Street?
Actually, Dunkey, there really is an book called Indiana Jones and the Philosphers Stone (sorcerers stone) published in 1995.  The first novel-type game.  All of the extreme graphics happen in your head apparently...way before its time man
4:23 finally a game with an accurate depiction of throwing "weapons" at your enemy
I'm surprised Dunkey didn't use an opportunity to make it all about the Big Wheel
jak and daxter type credits????
Indiana Throws
This isn't an Indiana Jones game, the combat clearly shows that this is a Bugs Bunny game
Missed opportunity to call it Indiana Jones and the Big Wheel
This game looks so campy and cheesy. In a good way like the movies
I guess this game took inspiration from Far Cry 5 with the object throwing mechanics XDD
Wheres old inventiv and actually funny Dunkey...
All these graphics requirements and this isn't even a Strandlike.
Hitman: Agent Jones
I didn't know that throwing various objects at people's heads would somehow just keep getting funnier as the video went on. I still have to rate this 3/5 though, for not enough volumetrics.
Another look at these graphics type video
Throwing things simulator
You can really see why they left Indy out of the first two films, he hardly does any scaring.
The first triple a Indy game
It combines the Throw Type gameplay of Far Cry 5 with the Fly Swatter from Jazzpunk. Truly a Mastapeece.
Indiana jones become throwing shit simulator game
This is the worst Monsters Inc game I've ever seen
Why are they talking in italian? 😂
0:38 The Emerald Elf??
A big reason not to play it is there is a whole movie with the same plot and setting. If the game drags too long and feel boring, it would make ruin my nostalgia for the movie a bit.
DAE remember Indiana Jones and the Fucking Wizard?
So this game is just like far cry 5, got it.
My favorite part in Indian Jones is when he throws brooms at all his foes knocking them unconscious
the ps2 kingkong game looked a lot better, not gonna lie.
This game makes you really feel like Han Solo
I love these Dunkey plays the opening of each game videos
I mean, it's a good game, just a very mediocre Monsters Inc. game
So this is the video where I realize Alfred Molina was in the first Indiana Jones movie? The Disney crossovers are getting out of hand
Imagine playing a game as your favorite movie character but all you can see is their hands wtf is this
What about “indiana jones and the fucking wizard”
I need this game now😂
It's called the Great Circus but I waited the whole game and a clown never showed up. No buys
This new monster's inc looks so good
This is a Game of Throws.
This game proves we need more ragdoll physics in games
LOL this is like a mixture of Hitman and Far Cry 5
There’s a reason dunkey capped at 7.5 million
this is the twins of kickloop, Indiana Jones and throwloop
I love that the damage seems to be cumulative.  Like, throwing an umbrella at someone? No effect, obviously.  Throw an umbrella at someone _three times,_ though?  You've now killed that man.
Threatening Italians with garlic bread is a war crime, dunks.
these animations are horrendous.
Finally some coverage of Indiana Jones and the Big Wheel from Spiderman
classic video
The second Get-Your-Hat type game.
Press F to whip crack? 😂😂 1:00 I didn’t know Indy was hustling like that
6:48 Indiana dropping the hardest deuce of all time in front of that sister had me in absolute tears.
Dunkey can you cover the volumetric issues on the Drama Monday episode? We need some reaction videos
Close enough, thanks for the black ops 6 review
You dont' bring a bagel to a gunfight
I thought this is Dishonored 2
Indiana Jones and the Rectangle when
This is what all video games need to be like. Copying the far cry 5 shovel throwing
C'mon guys, the volumetrics aren't that bad
This game looks like absolute slop lmaoo
xd
Ah yes, the second Far Cry 5 type game
Love the doc oc reference 0:37
hitman all over again
The first Ark-type game.
2:33 insane result for someone with blind fold on.
this game actually looks a lot better than I thought it would. very nice
Now that Syria is free I can go Indian Jones mode on their national treasures
Dunkey would love Chivalry 2 with the amount of things you can throw, including burning chickens
The first Throw type game I've ever seen.
Baby Bababalicci actually changed the way I saw art forever
Looks like another all graphics no substance game.
Hey Dunkey please make a video about Outer Wilds
Oklahoma Jackson and the Best Hexagon
lots of my favorite games are throwing type games. Smash bros (with items) hotline miami, spiderheck
No one ever dislike this man ever again he has gained immunity.
jankey game looks like up resolution ps2 game a.i lol
The "you can't just run away from your problems Indiana" scene in this game is such a great example of Indy's character in the movies, he's always too focused on old relics and his profession than caring about his loved ones, like when he surrendered to the Nazis so that the ark could be safe or when he ditched short round and willie for the shakira stones, he starts to go down a path his own father went down in last crusade, in how his father would barely talk to him or spend time with him because he was busy researching the grail, and I know Dial of destiny gets a lot of flack but I loved how that movie helped Indy realise he should of spent more time with his friends and family than waste his life for the sake of archaeology, and how he helps himself and helena from going down that same path again and instead spend the time that they have now with their loved ones
the first light through the bottle type of game
3:00 - I can't believe they recreated those scene from Metal Gear Rising!
MASTA PIECE🤌
I thought dunkey was doing his thing where he jokes about the games title but it actually called Indiana Jones and the Great Circle
3:58 they're speak Italian.
this looks refreshingly good
Is this a good game?
I haven't laughed this hard since he played that game about a child trying to give instructions to the dragon from Neverending Story. 😂
I can’t tell if he like it or not
You made a lot of Jak and Daxter fans happy
7:54 Terminator T100 goes back in time to stop Indy before he makes Indiana Jones 4
0:37 glad to see this iconic line return
throwing type game
Only down voted to reach 69 dislikes. Hopefully it held.
you should try indiana jones and the normal square
3:24 Why are his hands tiny
Why shoot people when you can throw a broom?
Dunkey actually liking a Bethesda game for once! wow. Never thought I'd see the day
For some reason, game developers will spend millions to properly puppeteer every eye-lid to perfection, but they still can't figure out how treeshadows are supposed to look like.
What's the music at the end? My brain thinks it's Jak and Daxter but it can't be ..
7:06 "No." "Yea." *punches*
Indiana Jones and da Giant Fuckin Rock he throws at the guy
Can wait for the sequel: Indiana Jones and the Small Ball
Can wait for the sequel: Indiana Jones and the Huge Sphere
this game has a little something for everyone (everyone likes throwing things at people)
gotta admit it the throwing physics is pretty cool
This game actually looks great
I see his time in Hitman is finally paying off.
8:08 he knocked his helmet clean off
5:27 i’d soup spoon a thousand men before i let this company die
Far cry 7 is looking good. Glad they brought back the shovels
Throwing shovels is cool, but no grappling hook? I am removing one A, its still triple
I dont think he is doing black ops 6 guys
So glad dunkey brought back Monsters Inc sundays!
🤌
For the love of the spagetti I eat right now, never play with motion blur again. Didn't you even make a video about how it sucks?
I can't believe monsters inc ripped off unchartered and completely ruined the story from the previous titles
The dog was clearly a diversion from the "phase-through-walls man." Very effective
3:04 Take that Kevin Spacey
Indiana Jones and the throwing of the random crap.
As an Italian, it's really hilarious seeing dunkey throwing stuff at those damn shouting pasta-and-meatball-eaters.
"More arctifacts than dragon age" has me worried
I find it curious that Indiana Jones gets a Harrison Ford look-alike but Snow White get some mexican?
Oh hey, ain't that Han Sojo's kid?
2:58 How come I can still see the polygon edges on these urns at 1080p youtube video compression of a 2024 movie on the highest settings?
Really makes you feel like Indiana Jones
you should change your youtube name to videogamedunkguy
best killing since hitman hitemwithabottle
If Hitman taught us one thing, it's that throwing objects at people is hilarious to do
Fascist bullying game good.
Indiana Jones and the Intervention of Sephiroth
this really captured the silliness of indiana jones in a way i didn't expect. good work everybody
Can you eat spaghetti and meatballs
I SEEEEEE DA CIRRRRRRRRRRRRCLE!!!!!! oh la da la.... oh la da la I SEEEEEE DA CIRRRRRRRRRRRRCLE!!!!!! oh la da la.... oh la da la                    *CIRCLE*            This is a Guilty gear reference btw.
Indiana Jones and the Big Mode
The motion blur makes the game look awful.
You can play as Mike or Sully, I should've picked Indiana jones to
"Very ultra and supreme" do the naming standards mean nothing now?
This game really makes you feel like an archaeologist in the 1930s
Game of the decade
Dunkey capured the spirit of what it means to be Indiana the Dog.
I heard they gonna sell volumetric high dlc separately with at least thousand more baby paintings
It's fun, but has a lot of shortcomings.
I hope to see this game fix the end of indiana jones because the last movie was do do
The copious amount of improvised weapons honestly made me forget for most of the video that Indy literally has a trademark weapon on him at all times
Wow this is like.. better than Paris because it has shovels and stuff to throw.
Dw guys, call of duty is still downloading and dunkey will be playing it by next year at the earliest
No way he catched that throw
Have you heard of Uncharted, dunkey?
This is a masterclass in the throw Typ games
I remember Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine running pretty good on my potato Windows 95 PC. The system requirements for this are ridiculous. Can we have another video game crash, already?
You can only get Supreme volumetrics if you play this game on the Infernal Machine.
You might not know how big that circle is, but to the untrained eye this big circle just appears to be your average big circle, a professional on the otherhand (and only a few amongst them mind you) can spot that the circle is very very big
this is truly the first still-waiting-for-black-ops-6-to-install type game
Im glad im not the only one who was chucking shovels at peoples heads and laughing😂
I wonder if Dunkey will ever be able to open black ops 6
I appreciate the Jak and Daxter music at the end Dunk
Indiana Jones and the big collection of throwables
Indiana Jones and the Windup and the Release
indiana jones and the blur between motion
Meh, throwing random nearby objects at everyone I perceive to be “fascists” is something I already do in real life. And especially online. I don’t need this game’s approximation of it.
The first "why i outta" type game
A huge leap for bagel like series
0:21 the DLSS smear is so awful, or is that FSR2?
Do they seriously say fascist instead if nazi? 🙈
7:21 This is so theatric!
Indiana Jones and the Indigenous Bones
The modern movies were missing Indy brutally bludgeoning people to death with shovels.
damn this actually looks fun. excited to play tomorrow
Being falsely smeared as a fascist? It's just like real life.
I'm dying of laughter of how he is throwing weapons at the enemies, which is surprisingly effective. Besides the weapons being mostly blunt weapons
𝓓𝓻. 𝓗𝓮𝓷𝓻𝔂 𝓙𝓸𝓷𝓮𝓼 𝓙𝓻.  𝓐𝓷𝓭 𝓽𝓱𝓮 𝓖𝓘𝓝𝓞𝓡𝓜𝓞𝓤𝓢 𝓦𝓗𝓔𝓔𝓛
you mess with the jones, you get the jones
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Cracked Skulls
Dunkey could totally turn a lethargic napoleon dynamite party into something no one will ever want to miss I swear to god 😂😂😂
More like INDIANA THROWS!
this game really makes you feel like an Indian
indiana jones!
Donkey I have to compliment you on this supreme quality video. It really was the first superior type video, thank you and great innovation. Thank you GameDonkey, thank you for this supreme experience.
Can’t wait for the next game, Indiana Jones and the Fucking Wizard
Damn, those are in fact S U P R E M E graphics, good job indiana jones team
"Nobody has come out of there alive" "Don't worry kid, I'm gonna die in there too"
Indiana Jones and the physics crusade
looks horrible
This is really the best throwing type game of all time!
The first throw type game
Indy, more like Jeff Goldbloom
The chucking items bit has me crying 😂😂😂
Who cares Chex quest is better.
Dunkiana Jones and the circle of madness
is that game out yet? it keeps saying early
And just like that, it's DK December once again
"only zero was made" caught me off guard.
1:41 wow I cant believe they ripped off Naughty Dog's Crash Bandicoot game for the Sony Playstation system
This game really makes you feel like Batman.
the game is broken for me and I haven't even played it yet, I'm just gonna throw shit at enemies
you could have named the vide "big wheel" :(
With all these realistic graphics you'd think that if you die in the game you'd end up dying in real life
MONSTER INC SUNDAY BABYYYY
JAK AND DAXTER FISHING THEME BABY
This game really makes you feel like baby mama malichi
did cod start yet?
Hahahahah " this game has more artifacts than dragon age" classic😂
1:14 not even rank gold smh
7:21 pov: you're not cut out for comedy
seems pretty lazy of them to just give the name 'fascist' to all the enemy voices. kinda 2024ish of them.
What about Indiana Jones and the Taco Bell Nacho Fries?
Did BO6 download
...game looks kind of good
So they saw dunkeys far cry 4 video and thought what if we made an entire game where you just threw stuff at people
Great video bro
It's crazy how this is just a dead rising game without zombies
It’s called Machine Games because they are slick like a well oiled machine. Best big circles in the business.
Volumetric is bad, Developers only used Lumen and did not Bake any of the Lighting. Game excludes Randal, the main antagonist of Monsters Inc. to make sure it’s not scary. I rate it a whopping 7.5 Dumb Baby Games out of 8 Monster Universities
this is the game that takes a nasa computer to run well?  Looks like shit   10/10
This was hilarious 🤣🤣🤣
The jokes in this comment section belong in a museum.
This video belongs in a museum
I thought the title of the video was actually a parody but I scroll down to find it's the name of the actual game XD
I am so used to lazy enemy AI in games, I was genuinely shocked when the enemy dodged an attack.
ooh, this video will be a classic
Was that Jak and Daxter music at the end? Sounded like the fishing mini game song
i figured this would be another gollum type game.
This game truly makes me feel like I can survive 7 straight headshots
I really felt it when he said _"It's Jonesing-time"_
Dunkold confirmed Antifa.
made me feel like india jones
This game is great. I genuinely don't understand the hate. Y'all need subway surfers to replace subtitles to have fun with anything anymore.  Even the run times I've seen are SO indicative of people having zero attention span.  I'm many hours in and I've only just left the Vatican.
Not sure why people play with subtitles
And he's still loading Call of Duty
I can't believe he picked this game just to make the hat joke again. What's next, smug hat kid game?
INDY AND BIG OVAL
This is getting ridiculous now, when will dunkey grow up and upload good videos?   I was expecting Monsters Inc Scream Arena on the GameCube, not this
Wow supreme graphics and game actually starts
65€ this game lol
Ah, The Baby L' Agamicci. My favorite renaissance man painting.
This game doesn't look very fun
Once again, nothing to do with Monsters Inc or even the hit movie Ants. smh my head
I've already seen this movie
Biggest Indy game of the year.
Bro will play everything but bo6💀
I love the subtle call out to jak and daxters 23rd anniversary at the end of the video.
Indiana Jones And The Multiple Concussions
Best throwing simulator I've played since Commandos 2
A little disappointed in no Donkey Kong December
This Indiana Jones game really makes you _feel_ like you're in the game Condemned
Best monster inc game yet
One of my favorite Monsters Inc games of all time
Damn Dunk, Resident Evil changed you, evil bastard.
*cries in gtx graphics card*
This has to be one of the greatest throwing simulators out there
Good to see that Indiana Jones is actually a sequel to Far Cry 5. The ultimate baton throwing simulator
Any updates on the black ops download??? Been waiting on the vid!
Yorick simulator 2024
Ah I get it. He works at monsters university
the ''artifact-likes'' are really popping off this year
0:00 More jiggle physics then Stellar Blade
"I was silver in Overwatch" - this line gets me all the job interviews!
I loved the part where Mike Wazowski threw the bottle, very funny
the jak and daxter fishing game music at the end, very cultured.
Only game to be at the same time a Triple A and an Indy game.  And yes, I stole this comment.
Dub title made me laugh out loud it’s so Dunkey
Is that a jak reference?
This game is proof that Artificial Intelligence doesn't exist and is completely faked.
How many graphiccards do I need to be Supreme?
Man, it’s about time Dunkey reviews an Indy game. And he calls himself an Indy publisher.
Hitting people with a shovel is pretty indy-cent.
Devs having problems with graphic settings in the same way they had problems with the fps settings. We all know that the human eye can't see past high, you say you can see the butterfly's wing pattern? fool, we all know you see a small dog
very surprised to see tommy gonzo come out of retirement for this one
Me normally: 🧑‍🦱  Me on Monster's Inc Sunday: 🤵
I love how the combat physics in this relatively serious story game feels like you switched over to a goofy Indie game (pun intended) where the gimmick is your Flat out drunk in a bar fight and your chucking random items at the other drunken barflies!
can we get a 20 min video of dunkey throwing various items at fascists
The best throw type game
🤣🤣🤣 Looks like a fun game.
This game truly is the deserving masterpiece sequel to yuno miles indiana jones
I haven't seen The Dunk having so much fun since the Far Cry 5 paddle thing
Somehow, Telltale Games returned
This game is… good??
the primate in me feels joy for not only the season but also, in my notifications, now on my screen, new dunkey video, the true supreme
4:54 I'm starting to get afraid of dunkey...
The Indy game awards are gonna go crazy about this one
This might be the first Quad A type game ever in history
Ah yes, the first indy type game
classic
Indiana Jones and the call of duty
You should play ultrakill dunkey
peak comedy
if I hear Dunkey say "oh that's slick" a single time I am buying this game next paycheck
Finally an Indy game
Ayy
and that horrible motion blur.
Who would win? One of the most notorious totalitarian militaries in recent history  Household appliances
How about Indiana Jones and the Plague of the Beetle
Combat in this game being throwing stuff like a chimp is actually kinda epic
7:54 Dunkey was so good at Monsters INC he found the secret boss the T-1000
This game was specifically known for its stealth shovel tactics, leading in the industry really.
I loved the part of this game when the train fell off the tracks.
The team making the game looks very competent enough making it fun if you just mess around. Only thing is, this is a story game, so if the story isn't that good; then unfortunately it will be a bad game. I wonder if Dunkey didn't play it for that reason tho.
Uncharted six looks really hard
Indiana Jones and the big circle sounds like what a baby would name something
Dunkey finishing the game with just throwing items at enemies is what we need 🤭
This is an odd monsters inc game
i love that scene in Raiders where the guy pulls a gun on indy so he starts picking up shovels and lobbing them at him, cackling maniacally the whole time
This does not compare to Lego Indiana Jones. Where's the level editor?
very shovel gameplay
I was hoping for karate.
this reminds me of when i discovered u can do drop kicks in dying light
As an Italian I feel offended *gets bonked by a broom*
This game really makes you feel like troy baker trying to be harrison ford being idniana jones inside a circle
Futanari mask?
she edges on my jones till im in indiana
now i know whether to dislike this game or not
Lmao, we do volumetrics at work sometimes but never have I head the word outside of that context. Ours are set to high too!!
The first throwing type game!
This isn't Monsters Inc. 😠
Indiana Jones and the Big God DAMN Wheel.
knocked out from umbrella. 10/10
Damn they took the good old Dark Messiah gameplay and made it with new graphics!!
Dunkey, we're unable to see the Supreme graphics with the 1080 video quality
One of the first throw type games
throwing shit in this game is literally the funniest thing ever
That Willem Dafoe jumpscare had me rolling🤣🤣
It's about time they released a new Monsters Inc. game; this one looks really good!
Lego Indiana Jones 3??!
We finally got a new Condemned game 💪🏻
Indiana Jones and the Black Ops 6 Is Still Installing
Ah an artifact type game, finally
I clapped when Indy walked towards the bad guy and said, “now put that thing back where it came from or so help me”.   Easily Pixar’s finest moment.
Really captures that cherished scene in Raiders where Indy keeps throwing stuff at the big German guy near the flying wing.
Throwing simulator :D
2:33 ah, see i thought the last letter was n, oh well, guess i failed the eye exam
0:37 always gets me
Thank you fronkey
Dunkey truly has done it again! Can't wait for James Sullivan and the little square!
this looks like a 2012 game lol
is it just me or do the graphics look kinda shit ...
The first utensil thrower type game?
Glad to see the return of Far Cry 5 shovel gameplay
Ah, the first throwing-type game.
I only get gambling advertisements when I watch Dunkey!!!!
Supreme graphics is new
ITS A SPHERE
the throwing items is peak
The first circle type game This and Uncharted 4
why are they having us play the opening of the first fugging movie? we've seen it, i dont need to play it. plus i think one of the earlier games did it.  the game looks good but thats it. as a huge fan of indiana jones, it would only be fun because i could see all his artifacts and his office and all that nerdy shit but i still wouldn't ever pay for this "game".  its not a game if im just looking around.....thats like an interactive museum.  wait when dunkey took the bagel the dude said "croissant" lol.
The sledge at the very end had me rolling😅
dunkey making a Jak video just wait
No donkey Kong this December?
And they said Xbox was done with halo
0:37 I bursted out laughing
Missed the "Shovel to the head" bit from the Far Cry video and the "F you Spider-man,  I'm the boat you rode on! " from.. well.. Spider-man video.
monitor settings on fps so i can see something, the black background of google is a blinding gray now but the on full screen the game still kind of looks dim, weird.
5:42 this part made me lose my shit somehow
CHOO CHOO! CHOO CHOO HAHAHAHOHHARGAHAHAHAH
What happened to Minecraft Saturdays? I was looking forward to you finishing Knack 3.
Indiana Jones is a good franchise
Jak and Daxter outro music was unexpected and delightful
the second shovel-type game. thank you far cry 5 for inspiring this sequel
nice gameplay footage of Monsters Inc. Scream Arean for Nintendo GameCube Dunkey 👍
what's the bgm on the outro?
Legendary Volumetrics Edition
I knew it. It was always Monsters Inc Sundays, You just got it mixed up with Indiana Jones Mondays the last few weeks. Could have happened to anyone Dunk
Big Circle is just a ripoff of Big Wheel
You forgot “Indiana Jones: The Fellowship of the Ring”
hi maverick
Its a great game clearly not made by bethesda
Dunkey is the reason why I check YouTube consistently
ok mocking aside D man clearly had a lot of fun, and isn't that the hallmark of a AAAA game?
Is big wheel the main villain? And is he the one making the big circle? He must be. Marvel Spider-Man has been hyping him up so much.
This is the first volumetric type game
RIP Donkey Kong December
6:43 That moment of a genuine reaction to such a small mechanic goes to show that the developers really did care about the world they were creating. Honestly, the whole video of Dunkey legitimately having a good time gives me the go-ahead to purchase this title.
That was a classic Dunkler adventure
They took the best part of far cry 5 and made a whole game out of it
I swear the voice actor for Sully sounds different in this one
Dunkey looks like someone in a death trial and the people are throwing random stuff at them.
This game really makes you feel like Indiana jones
Is call of duty done downloading yet?
True pro gamers know that only by purchasing the Ultimate Deluxe Legendary Edition of the game can you unlock the "high" setting for volumetrics*     *in a post launch update coming Q2 2026
This is one of the quad A games of all time!
Indiana jones and the striped pajamas
Instant classic
Best game ever
MONSTER INC SUNDAYYYYYYYYYYYYY WOHOOOOOOOOOO
Indiana Jondiana and the Bandana Banana
what about Indiana Jones and random throwable bs
This video is literally the reason I love this game. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty fun to play, gets what Indiana Jones is about and has surprising immersive sim elements.  But bonking nazis with fly swatters is what keeps me going. I miss Zeno Clash.   Not to mention that parry is OP and it's pretty easy to counter whatever weapons enemies are using with your bare fists AND counter any enemy attack while holding a fly swatter. Or a brush.
Garlic bread in all video games
Indiana Jones and the Funny Physics Engine
Alright. I am sold. I want to find and exploit these bugs.
Play the GameCube Monsters Inc
Indiana Jones and the Big Circle is a great send off to the Monsters Inc. Saga.
"More artifacts than Dragon Age"  Those poor Bioware devs. They woke up thinking they were going to have a leisurely Sunday afternoon and then *BOOM* just like that they've been sent back to lobby
This game is very Indiana Jones-coded but the whole part about making children scream using scary monsters to power the local villages just really elevates the story to a whole different level imo.
Like if its 2023 where u are
This was a better ad for the game than any of the trailers were
I think its funny how not hitting woman is straight up hard coded in the game.
Everyone knows the wooden spoon build is only viable if you switch to Italian nonna class for the 100% crit rate
After Shovel Knight, I didn't think we'd get another Shovel-type game.
This makes me want to play Far Cry 5 again
Dundley has got to be one of the most stupidest and overrated video game youtubers that has ever existed. He doesn't even know the significantly vast difference between garlic bread and biscotti. Oh my gosh, I unsubscribed from this bad channel.
looks like the best Lego Indianiana Jobes game so far
3:50 7:36
Far cry 5 2?
Indiana Jones the Great Broomthrower
This the first golf course-type game
Title should be Indiana Jones and Big Wheel
Hell yea dude I love gaming Sunday friday monsters inc day
Indiana Jones the homicidal maniac in search for and old item
I got this one pre-installed and am ready to go. Looks like they knocked this one out of the park.
Indiana jones and the infernal machine is actually about his pacemaker
Harris Ford deaged again? :o
"Indiana Jones and the Big Circle," the widely anticipated spiritual successor to shovel-throwing game "Car Fry 5"
This is clearly a crappy rip off of uncharted, 0/10
5:43 "have some wine" he really wanted some wine huh
I love this monsters inc game
7:11 First person Castlevania looking good. Konami really outdid themselves with this one.
game sux
Wow, Dunky is almost making videos daily at this point, he really must want to play Concord
Shoulda been Indiana jones and the big wheel
Love the nod to Doc Oc being in Raiders
Dunkey just exposed himself as a casual gamer for me... Only pro gamers know that Mike Wazowski is the optimal character pick for this game
it is actually crazy that this game is actually normal and functioning. Rare vor aaaa type games
Jakm Daxter music
The first ever throw-type game
Dang dunkey, 50k views in 20 mins, great reviews
this is why i cant play indiana jones and the goddamn wheel anymore, too many sweats
We really got this before gta 6 and cod 6
this looks liek a good looking ps3 game
"What are you packing?" "Only the essentials." (raises both fists)
3:40 "light through the bottle technology" lmao
7:38 this is the part in which Dunkey starts playing Wolfenstein
Next video is probably marvel rivals vs monsters inc
Dunkey making videos so fast hes already got a friday video out on sunday
Fun fact about this game which only big moneys can know so heres a little fun fact about a game, this game. For one hundered dollars you can play the game before it is released. Unbelievable
At last... a throw random things type game.
Very bold choice of the developers to only give guns to 1% of the enemies
7:31 Quote from man shot - "What are you gunna do, shoot me?"
I miss it when he was actually giving his remarks about the games, isntead of just fooling around like a little kid. But I get it, these videos are easier to make and they give him the same money
Hi Dunkety, I bought your game, Animal Wheel. No refund needed, cause I liked it, but I'm watching you.
This game really makes you *feel* like Indian Jeans
Riddled with historical inaccuracies. Everyone knows they don't speak Italian in Indiana!
Fun fact. The actor who tries to kill Indy and keep the Idle is a very early appearance of Alfred Molina. If you're unaware of his work it's absolutely outstanding. OMG he's 71 years old. Sometime around 35 the years just fly away like fireflies 😢
This game really makes you feel like Indiana Jones.
This game really makes you *feel* like you’re throwing rocks at people’s heads
More like Indiana Throw.
Call of Duty is at 80% downloaded, you guys. Just you wait.
Somehow, Dunkey always brings out the best parts of any video game he plays
¨Indiana Jones and The Boy That Could Talk¨ is a banger title.
3:00 I thought that was actual audio from the character for a split second LMFAO
Damn dude, shitty joke after shitty joke. Can’t watch even half this video.
I goon to dunk vids
Yo Indiana junkie make a review on apocalypse now
I can’t wait for spider-man and the big wheel
Not gonna lie, Indiana Jones: Breath of the Wild doesn't look that bad
Whichever individuals were responsible for the physics and sound design in this game deserve a gold medal. Never has it been more satisfying in a video game to throw random objects at people.
3:00 maybe if this guy had his graphics on *Supreme* he’d be able to see that they’re actually butterflies.
Indiana Jones and the gigantic hula hoop
2:21 NOOOOOOOO
7:40 dunkey with the black ops killstreak
Really hoping we get a donkey Kong December video soon
The first thrown type game
Monster ink sunday is my favorite 😍
2:34 Dunkey's performance on the eye exam is really impressive when you remember he did it with medium volumetrics on
dunkey you should try kingdom come: deliverance. it's buggy but such a good game, and the sequel is coming out in a few months.
Idian Jone and the Big Round.
That Jak and Daxter music at the end hit me with instant nostalgia
COMMENT SOMETHING MEANINGLESS ON A NEW POST TO SEE IF I CAN GET LIKES FROM STRANGERS I DONT CARE ABOUT BECAUSE IM LONELY AND NEED ATTENTION
Indiana Jones and the Boring Nostalgia Bait
Hearing Indiana Jones and the Sorcerer's Stone reminds me that there is a legit book called Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone. It has something to do with the Voynich Manuscript. Nice to know that we can throw stuff in this game.
The gun play is better than black ops 6!
Indiana really be giving everyone amnesia
Lemme tell you: deadly premonition settings don’t lock you at medium like drakey jones and the big rotation does here
Can't believe Dunkey's playing Indiana Jones and the immense polygon!
The game has no reason to be as good and fun as it is
Indiana was the dog's name
ill wait for the patch where they optimize the volumetrics
This looks actually good
Seeing Videogamedunkey harassing Italians in the Indiana Jones video game fills me with strange feelings.
Is this Knack 3?
Strange things are a foot at the Circle K.
It's like watching old movies in Harrison Ford's house
Indiana Jones and the Dunkard of Monsters inc.
They should've called this game Death Throw
thank you, dundiana
I miss dunkey's reviews, his rants about the video game community, about game journalists or about gaming in general. These more comic videos are also good, but for example, his kh3 review was peak dunkey. Even his spider man 3 movie review was peak
shoulda picked sully, he's got the spin move
When the evil type guy caught the bottle I was shook.
7:31 Is that an Indiana Jones reference in the Indiana Jones game?!?
One of my favorite parts was when Sully opened up a 401k
this game might be bad, but he convinced me to try it
I can imagine the Devs watching this in horror as they realize they are gonna have to patch so much to stop players from being a menace to society
Sorta like Kickloop, but with throwing instead! Its Indiana Throwns!
indiana jones and the surprisingly competent game
Whats the music at the end ? Sounds quite nicee
Dunkey is still downloading black ops 6
Indiana Jones and the Big Circle-Jerk
Jak & Daxter music at the end!!!🤩
the supreme graphics quality is too much for my pc, it cant load the video properly (cant go over 17 fps), could you people re-record the video with lower graphic setting Mr. Dunkey, thank you
7:26 the jesus simulator
5:59 skill based matchmaking really ruins these games man
3:00 Umm, they’re actually butterflies. That’s how you know this guy doesn’t have his graphics on *Supreme*
Can't wait for the sequel: Indiana Jones And The Fucking Wizard
Indiana Jones and the Big Wheel
As somebody unfamiliar with the franchise, “Great Circle” is such a goofy subtitle
Indiani Dunk
0:37 That caught me off guard.
Indiana Jones and the delicious bagel
2:21 one of the saddest thing in history
This game really MAKES YOU FEEL like Indiana Jones. 10/10
This is the second throw type game.
Gosh, this guy just CANT get the name of this game right! 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
Dunkey is a huge fan of slapstick comedy
Monsters inc sunday baby 😂😂😂
Supreme graphics?! Genesis truly does what Nintendon't
Baby Babalabicci!
This is a rolling stones typa game ☝
Indiana Jones was Hammer throw champion Scotland ,1987
God, Machinegames went downhill post Old Blood.
Greatest laugh on the entire internet hands down
Yo they got Fascist in this game? That's my favorite character from Sonic 06!
This video really made me forget Volumetrics are capped at medium :)
can't believe bigmode got the license for indianapolis jones
The game makes you truly FEEL like Mike Wazowski from the movie Monsters vs. Aliens.
10/10, it has a big circle for everyone
I've been jonesing for this new Indy game
So this is what Monsters Inc. for the PS2 looks like on PS5 Pro
I didn't even know there was an Indiana Jones "game" coming out.
The first Throwing-Type game. I knew it. I knew we'd get one eventually.
Far cry 5 type combat
u didnt even show the part where u fight randall
This was funny video
Timing the shots to the song was excellent ❤
Approximately 90% of this video is Dunkey looking at pictures of babies and throwing brooms at Italians.
7:56 "you fight like a coward" *phases through a wall like a normal human*
4:51 Didn't expect to see Dunkey's Joker audition in here, with visuals and everything!
No more Indiana Jones movies unless Dunkey is writing and directing it
Indiana Jones and the monster inc sunday
Indiana Jones and the Starfield logo
They did it, the second throw type game (after Far Cry 5)
finally, a good video
vamos peruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
this actually seems really fun
Indiana Jones and the Fucking Wizard
Oh no! They sent in the guy who phases thru doors
Whoever reads this I hope you have a very merry monsters inc sunday
I'm giving this video a like just for the title
Jony
This is why such a great youtuber The games you play 😂😂😂😂
Once again, lego did it better
under a million views in 10 minutes? the dunk fell off.............
Alright…the way Dunkey plays this is hilarious lol
JESUS LOVES YOU ALL.
Ah yes videogamesully back at it every Sunday just like church
A new AAAA game. Shouldve known it would be an Indiana Jones game.
The head bonking with various items mechanics were made specifically for dunkey and the inability to do so to npcs was specifically to bother dunkey
Incredible video. Felt like we went back in time.
Indiana Jones and the Abominable Cilinder
The First throwtype Game - amazing
I give it a 3.14 out of 5.
Harrison Fart
My favorite part of Monsters Inc. is when Indiana Jones shows up at the end and saves Sully by shooting Randal.
Indianing my jones to this rn
What big circle got right is Indiana Jones’s iconic tendency to throw shovels at everyone.
I mean ... the moment where they throw all the stuff at you in the fountain was pretty funny ngl, ship it
Throwing spades looks really fun
Classic never played it
If you got farther in the game Mr waternoose from monsters incorporated would have showed up.
Monsters Inc Sunday is Back Baby!
Dunkey more like stinky
Imagine if there was actually a scene in the movie where indiana has a to fight a guy and suddenly remembers he has a gun 😂
First Jones type game
So this is the game that requires ray tracing..at the minimum requirement. still looks fun tho but Ray Tracing as a minimum requirement is diabolical 💀
So glad Dunkey still takes time to promote and talk about Indy games.     Guess you can say the reception to this comment has come full circle.
No views in the first 52 seconds. Dunkey really fell off
indiana jones and the god damn wheel
The Great Circle? You mean the Elden Ring.
Indiana Jones and the Big Shovel
this game actually happened to me once, and i'm still recovering
lol this uploaded in the middle of me watching old dunkey videos on autoplay
6:23 is where the video actually starts
dang I didn't know monsters inc was slick like that
the first throw type game
Far cry 5 proved shovel combat is best combat
this is how you make a quadruple game @ubisoft
Nobody messes with Cat Mommy
Indiana Jones and the Shovel of Throwing
ah yes the game that chugs with even with a 4080 super
I’m Jonesing for some Indiana
2k likes in 5 minutes, damn.
Dunkey has disappointed us again
Donkey Kong December lives on
Indiana bones
Big Wheel is so ass in Spider-Man he got demoted to being Indiana Jones’ villain
With return youtube dislike enabled, I can confirm that this video actually has no dislikes.
Can you make a video of the great PS5 pro, the professional way of playing
175 comment
This game is so good, I hope someone makes a movie from it some day just like uncharted and monsters incorporated 2
i need dunkey video on marvel rivals
Never been so on time for a Dunkey video drop.  4:05 where I started to die from laughing
The Big Circle so good they’re already working on the Bigger Square sequel next 🙏🏼
If it starred harrison ford it would beThe first elder ring type game
clearly this was a three stooges game reskinned for a more relevant ip
The scene where Indiana Jones was the last person to leave the big circle and got one million dollars from MrBeast was better than the entire Monsters Inc game for PS1.
This truly is the first throwing type game
3:22 His face looks so weird, they didn't have the budget for motion capture?
Dunkey seems like he legitimately enjoyed making this video
This is the first ever shovel throwing-type game
This game really makes you FEEL like the volumetrics are capped at medium
SUPREME*              (*VISUAL LAG)
the real circle was the volumetric graphics we made along the way
why does uncharted 4 look better than this
"Indiana Jones and the god damn wheel" is actually already in production and will ready for early access is 2025
"He took the cat mummy" "NOOOO!"
Still less graphics than Crysis
Dunkey jones and the big bowl of spaghetti
Truly one of the reviews of all time
This game really makes you feel like Han Solo
this is genuinly my goty for 2024, its just so funny and enjoyable,
This game really makes you feel like Han Solo.
uncharted blood money
Damn Davy Jones and the big wheel actually looks really fun
I love Monster Inc. Sunday, it’s my favorite holiday
Truly one of the games of all time
It's crazy how the new Indy movies just straight up suck but this game is actually pretty good. Ironic since when the Indy movies were good, the old Indy games were just TERRIBLE
I feel cheated out of monsters inc sunday...
The first game ever set in Indiana.
0:38  OK EVERYONE HE SAID IT WE CAN ALL GO HOME NOW, GIFT BAGS AT THE DOOR!!
Indiana Jones and the Big Circle is truly a Circle game
Play monster inc on the game boy advance!
I was the cat mummy. I'm all grown up now. I became a sewage worker.
What about Indiana Jones a nd bubber ducky
This is like playing Crash Bandicoot at Harrison Ford's house
0:09 Thank you for picking Indiana Jones Dunkey! Definitely the best choice.
oh they don't keep repeating the story every 3 seconds, i like it
imbiamba bones and the big bodega
dunky, i am very disappointed. today is monsters inc sunday. i thought we were gonna play monsters inc for the ps5 pro, but no. instead you play this shitty triple A game. you lied. i am unsubscribing to your Netflix subscription. i am disliking all of your videos. i am not going to dunkey’s castle. im going to tell everyone that you dont have the world record for bowsers big bean burrito. you are nitpicking and biased. bye bye.
what about monsters inc dodgeball
the feds won’t like this one
hey this is a knockoff of wierd als movie uhf
In this game you really feel like Indiana Jones
I'm sorry I have lost all trust in you, I took the day off from work today, made sure we fed all the kids this morning for the momentous monsters inc Sunday, and we get Indiana Jones? My children will never forgive you, I ate their breakfast.
My GOTY.
only 481 likes? really fell of
The increasingly innacurately named Monsters Inc. Sunday  I'm for it
Dunkey fell off
The sequence is Indiana Jones & Big Wheel
This game was really good but I thought the villain being Todd Howard the whole time was a little predictable.
Dunkey
Unfortunately dunkey.. the time is up for you.. you cannot just go on ignoring Bookworm Adventures: Volume 2 anymore.
This game really makes you feel like you hate Nazis
Indiana Jones and the okay square.
Truly one of the biggest circles of all time, this gets a 5 from me.
Dunkey was confirmed a father and didn't tell us? 😢  (Congrats btw Dunk!)
This is already a classic video and I haven't even seen it yet.
Seems like a decent game. But I’ve lost hope for Indiana after that atrocious movie last year.
Some people left after Monster's Inc. Sunday.  Well, we know who the really-real-ass ones are now, don't we?
First circle type game
andyana chones and the big yoshi
this looks way worse then uncharted 4. no reason for the specs to be so high.
Oh boy, he’s gonna find a fuck ton of glitches isn’t he? Edit: nah, he just threw a bunch of shit
Was hoping he was gonna play sully this time.
AYYYY
All I’m saying, a lot of people are complaining about this game but THIS IS IT !!! THIS IS A NEW IDEA FOR A GAME NOT JUST A BATTLE ROYALE/COD CLONE/CSGO CLONE. this is a new single player game and it should be getting way more appreciation for trying something somewhat new in todays age
This is the most banger Monster's Inc Sunday yet, how will the dunk ever top this one?
Guns? Like BO6?!?!
First
i picked mike
The long awaited return of Monsters Inc. Sundays
Supreme graphics but where's the olives? Peppers? What bullshit.
Indiana Jones and the Big Circle truly is the first Monsters Inc type game. Remarkable.
Is this in the same universe as Harold and the Purple Crayon?
Wow
Yes
No views dookie fell off
Monsters Inc. SUNDAY WOOOOOO! Love this series so much
I think you meant to write, Kingsmen: The Big Circle
Knack is better
Love your videos since Happy Wheels, greetings from Germany.
WHERE IS THE BLACK OPS 6 VIDEO
Wow very nice circle dunky.
When’s shrek Sunday
No views in 12 seconds smh my head
This games makes you really feel like Indiana Jones
This game really makes you feel like a circle hat on someone’s head
Yeah but this aint no knack
No bobbits in 16 crobbits bro smelled off
Should I eat more mac and cheese for lunch
Only 5% battery 🔋🔋
First
LESSGO!!!
This is one of those first-type comments.
Second
dunkey youre my favowit <3 monsters inc was scaary tho
Dino chicken nugget
big circle
You cant play as the Boulder 0/10
spaghetti and meatballs
This is the first circle type game
Videos ight
Last
This is the first indie type game
first! kek
<3
Thank god, some more monsters inc content
First
Littttt🎉
Nice
Hi mom
Fell no views
Last
I csnt belive Indiana Jones was the first Monsters Inc type movie
One could say, BIG WHEEEEEEL
I’m the first comment and the first like and the first view 🎉 I’m just too good
33 seconds hi dunkey
Whoa, first comment?  How did i get here so fast....
Mike
This is a spoonkid classic
best new strand type game
First DAMIT    I think
Good job, Dunkey.
First
No views wow fell off
Peak
23th
Its the first circle type game
first comment
12th
This guy is so verbose and erudite
Cowabunga
No views in 18 seconds Dunkey fell off
Omg first
Bruh
Awe yea
nice!
second
Huge circle friday
Love dunk
1
no dislikes! Dunkey has done it again!!!!
First
wow
yo
first
