Matt, I watched this video after watching Peter Santenello  Inside the burn zone and one thing he covers is the houses that DID survive in the middle of the fires were STILL immensely damaged due to the SMOKE and FUMES (a lot of Electric cars lost in the fires). I had to watch this in 4 sessions ( littles running around) and my question to you is HOW DOES ONE PROTECT AGAINST THE FUMES THAT WILL STILL RUIN A HOME THROUGH THE VENTITLATION System. Can you address that?    https://youtu.be/GM1sUx96wbE?si=TFnxS8_g7uRKA4O4
It seems so difficult for California because they have to prepare for both fire and quakes. Using more masonry can lead to more quake damage.
The home is still ruined because of lead and asbestos from burnt homes. Great building though.
100 MPH winds would be a Cat 2 hurricane. Insane wind speeds from a fire
They make ventilation with fire stop construction. James Hardy cementitious siding is also rated. Stucco has also got a rating and Apex has fired retarded finishes flat roof systems with commercial a roofing has fire rated underlayment under the vinyl roof category. Windows are now also fire rated in Central California. They have code enforced fire writing systems. I believe it’s called weppa. Multifamily units go through fire rated one hour or two hour three hour and four hours systems if you’re not familiar with multifamily you wouldn’t know as well as commercial.
ugly house
Ok 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Use Autoclaved Aerated Concrete (AAC) and none of those problems will exist. Talk to me if you're interested.  Leave lumber for barns.  AAC is also good for the "Passive House" application.
As someone living just a few blocks away from the Eaton fire evacuation zone and who experienced the conditions of that first night, I appreciate your sensitivity. I know people who lost their homes (thankfully none who lost their lives) and this was truly traumatic for our community.  That said, there is nothing wrong with learning lessons about building practices, materials, techniques, etc. If that can help somebody in Texas, Washington, Colorado, Virginia, or any other place from experiencing the same loss, it's absolutely worth learning from what happened here.  I enjoy your channel, and thank you for covering this topic.
Could you please go back to the part about vinyl window frames?
Tom Banks cam come back now as they are not going to release the Epstein videos.
The reason why this man have this type of concrete builder is to witness the hell of fire surround him! In the hands of our powerful creator that do not add or deduct his holy words by reenatment in a movie!
The reason why this man have this type of concrete builder is to witness the hell of fire surround him! In the hands of our powerful creator that do not add or deduct his holy words by reenatment in a movie!
Now Austin, Texas weighs in! Native Southern California here who's been through several firestorms and believe me, nothing is safe in 1,400F degree temps and a 60mph Santa Ana or Devil wind. Mortar collapses, steel beams melt, glass explodes. In a matter of minutes. There's very, very little you can do in the way of mitigation. It's mostly the luck of the draw.
Embers? Were the size of Kingsford bickettes… Any surviving structure will need to be completely gutted to get burnt smell removed to $20,000/mo Westside tenant satisfaction. Everything “soft”: Drywall, ceilings, floors, HVAC, landscaping, pool & deck out/ADU buildings. Checked out an open house at a $75,000 clean up, it didn’t pass the sniff test. Doesn’t the “substantially equivalent” 110% trigger reassessment?
The lesson is their houses we’re not built out of wood
Hi Matt! I liked this segment that you did. You covered a portion of the fire problem that exists in the Wildland Urban Interface that we as fire professionals call Passive Fire Resistance or systems that are built into a structure to resist the heat of ignition. However, heat is just one leg of the 3 sided Fire Triangle. When Heat - Fuel and Oxygen come together they create a chemical chain reaction known as Fire. Take just one leg away and the Fire goes away. Fire rated glass, fire resistant concrete, non-combustible shingles all fall under the category “Passive Fire Resistance.” In 2011, I authored an article in Fire Chief magazine called “Preemptive Strike” where I introduce the concept of the Fire Prevention Triangle.” In the article I explain that fires can be prevented in 3 specific ways.  1. Active Fire Suppression - Fire sprinkler systems, Fire extinguishers or anything that is built into a building that automatically or manually aids in the extinguishment of a fire. 2. Passive Fire Resistance - 1 hour, 2 hour, 3 hour fire doors or fire walls, non-combustible fencing, siding or roofing or anything that is built to withstand the heat of ignition in a fire. 3. Early Fire Detection - Smoke detectors, Heat detectors, Inside pull stations or outside fire alarm boxes that summon the fire department and alert occupants to evacuate without delay. After 35+ years of fighting wind driven fires in Chicago I have come to the conclusion that the missing side of the fire prevention triangle in wildfires is #1 Active Fire Suppression. I believe more buildings could have been saved in LA if homeowners were more prepared to defend in place using advanced fire suppression techniques to keep the combustible portions of their property too wet to burn. There were many stories of people who stayed behind to hose down the dry grasses, and combustible siding, fencing, and roofing which kept flying embers at bay which prevented their home from burning. Make no mistake, they put themselves at risk, but risk is  a given in every fire.Just think how many more homes could have been saved if people prepared in advance to turn on roof top sprinklers or flow a nozzle solution of Class A Wetting Agent from a 55 gallon rain barrel on to their grass, bushes, siding and roof?  All fires start small and anything that’s wet can’t burn. Chief Hughes Battalion 1 (retired) Chicago FD
Tubbs fire was very similar, bro.  sad you didn't include it.
9:56 how did a 3ft concrete wall protect a 35ft house from heat?  .... its the not flammable house shell that prevented it from catching fire ( and no dry trees close to the house)
Late to the Party, Dude! Our house survived 2017 Redwood Valley Fire the same night as the Tubbs Fire in Santa Rosa California. Since then I have hardened my home further. Observations I made were my Fruitless Mulberry Trees PROTECTED my redwood siding from the heat (1600 degrees!) by CDF estimates. I counted 10 places only my luck saved my home. I can talk to you if you like. I have been buying burned property since so many have realized it is hell to rebuild in this area.
Ask any HVAC person and they will say that when wind blows downhill the air pressure increases. With increased pressure, the temperature rises. Combined with fire, you have an inferno. Thank you for taking on this subject.
Its absolutely devastating for the victims of these horrible wild fires in L.A. That went threw the perfect conditions for the fire to thrive.. all because of the fire hydrants not having any water to try and put the fores out. You would think that the county would always be on top of making sure there hydrants are up to date and running perfectly. But i dont thinm i would have ever gussed that the things needed to fight a wild fire (WATER for the HYDRANTS!!!) Were flat empty and had no water to combat these fires. If L.A would have been more responsible and caring for the citizens in there city. And did 6 month inspections on the hydrants and the water reseves needed incase of fire emergencies. But because of the county officials slacking and not doing what theyre pajd to do. It ended up taking numerous innocent residents lifes. I pray for those families who were sadly effected by the fires in which  took the lives of there loved ones. As well as destroying everything they own. So on a say thatis already horrible enough with having tl worry about wild fires. It was only the beginning of them worrying. Because it went form wild fires to wild fires taking there hkme and everything they own and then the worse of it all, Taking the lives of there loved ones and neighbors. Couldnt imagine going threw something like that.. i will say a prayer for them. And lray for better people whk are in the position and given the responsibilities of taking care of things and protecting there city.
In your experience with having to deal with this unfortunate event.. have you in your own experience dealt with a difficult time when it comes to your home owners insurance? I keep seeing hows home owners who lost everything in the L.A fires recently, contacted there insurance companies only to find out theyre not covered and have to come out of pocket for everything. Has there been any change in that sense recèntly?
JUST DON'T BUILD WITH WOOD!!!!!!  Structural wood should be illegal.  You can still use some wood like for trim or cabinets.
What baffles me is that these fires can rage for two weeks and that some people died with the complete knowledge that the fires had already started. In Australia, where we know how to fight fires, everybody is evacuated until the fires are extinguished. Pardon my insensitivity, it’s not intentional, I’m just perplexed and wonder if I am missing something.
Rebuilt new one like same before
Matt, I have watched your videos for several years and have learned many things. This video hits home as I live in the Colorado mountains in a high fire risk zone. My options for homeowners insurance are not what they used to be. Homeowners premium in the last two years has increased from $3700 to $6800. I have completed fire mitigation around my house, but I will use the information from this video to further harden my home. Thanks for posting. I lived in Austin from 1988 to 2000. I am sure I wouldn't recognize it now.
First sensible American analysis of what the root cause of the destruction was - buildings built to burn…..  the weather variance is normal in this region - drought plus high wind scenario, along with scrub stored up as fuel for a fire, a trade by but look to the house that survived which was built with non combustible materials and a sprinkler system as a shield…..  now there is a smart American architect.
Build more woods house ,
The garage of the burnt house on the left seems to be ok....
Can’t help but think how it must feel to be one of the few houses to survive and yet, the Blight you have to look at coming and going for years. Guess it’s like living on an island.
Its simple:  Don't use flammable materials inside or out.  Beyond that use fire shutters to protect the windows.
Royalty familys house
US citizens are for over 95% in better wooden huts. Done.
All homes in these areas should be rebuilt from Perfect Block ICCF which is fire resistant
ICCF Material from perfect block would have saved every home
Matt, you have a video of a fellow in Colorado who rebuilt after his house was destroyed by wildfire. It came up a couple years ago and he did a letter perfect job of making a fire-resistant structure. There are videos by the Calabasas Fire Department in the LA area that look at conventional homes and how to reduce the fire risk. They mention the defensible space close to the house and also how rolling shutters will protect the windows.
I feel like learning from the survived house is not very enough. They do have some common features that helped them from survived the fire but I believe there probably also have some houses just have very similar design like the two survived house. What I think, the LA government should really collect the information of the houses that was been burned. Comparing them and find the common features that might be the reason why the fire spread so fast.
Roof Shingles is #1.  Lasts 100 yrs.  Fine mesh on roof vents so embers can’t enter.  Stucco walls or Concrete walls can’t burn.  And costly Thermal windows to keep out.  Lastly keep all burnable away from home including big Trees.
In england houses are made of bricks coz of their experience long time ago i think 1 city got burned
LA and other US states need to look into the Australian Standards for bushfire prone dwellings. I live in a bad bushfire area and all the new homes built to this standard look like industrial units. No timber, no eaves, no solar panels. Nothing combustible at all in the build. No gardens or shrubs near the house and a separation between properties. It's the wind driven ember attack that sets homes alight. I see too much PVC guttering and combustible cladding in the US. The BIG problem with building to a high fire rating is cost. Basically doubles the cost of a house
Where do you buy that 1/8. Inch mesh that you cover the vents with?
We need to stop building houses with wooden frames, bitumen roofing, large windows! Limit the size of green spaces on the plots. Stop building wooden and plastic fences!
People critical of California’s emergency response need to see this.
Get to the frigging point
My friend Jazmine told me I said yes to  you it’s true
I want lots girlfriend everywhere I said yes to you it’s true
I want wildlife to come California and Lancaster it’s true
Two minutes flat wood gulf in flames
I'm amazed that bituminous shingles are still used in the USA, they are advertised as fire resistant, however the tests I have seen on these don't represent the conditions of a bushfire/wildfire.  As for the surviving house, there is no substitute for preparation, both structurally and landscape. Fire fighters can't be everywhere.
main stream popagandists never tell the truth they sensationalize ... get actual youtube vlogger feeds get the TRUTH ... maikn stream media can NEVER BE TRUSTED TO TELL THE TRUTH.
The man survived 4 years on an isolated island with a volleyball. He can survive anything.
I know a builder in the area who built a few of the homes that burned down and had over engineered it for wildfires. He found that no matter how resistant you build the home, the fire can still get in through the windows due to the intense heat, causing them to crack. It makes sense as the fire itself can reach 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit. The larger the windows, the more susceptible they are to cracking. Then the embers fly in and ignite the interior of the home. Unless you are rebuilding with some type of fireproof window shutter, these homes are likely just going to burn down again.
Tom Hanks has a massive roof top sprinkler system
Install your own water tanks on your property  Fire hose set up into your pool  Fire dept grade sprinkler system  Fire proof materials
common sence if in a fire zone dont use wood duh adobe brick cement other non burnable stuff can be used just dont use wood
Important to remember CA is also in a major earthquake zone. Brick is not viable for that reason.
the 3 little pigs tried to teach a lesson, we have to stop using wood for housing
California  should in law that all new housing  must meet fire resistant conditions.   They have had enough fires to know this. Or never have rolling hills of trees
"Class A fire-rated asphalt shingles" (??) All asphalt shingles should be outlawed in bushfire zones. They are nasty and your burning house can threaten your neighbour's home. In Australia everyone builds with metal roofing or tiles.
Thank you for the great advice.
This stupid guy can’t shut up and show the houses that survived
😂😂😂😂 Il sistema vi brucia la famiglia e poi vi dà la spiegazione dei loro servi che hanno salvato 😂😂😂 e voi applaudite come le foche. Generazione di sottosviluppati siete e meritate tutto e tutto quello che sta x arrivare.... E dove cadrete giù ovviamente
Too bad you blew right past talking about the obvious ICF construction. The only downside to ICF is that contractors are lazy as a hound dog near sunset.
Hey Matt, you need a video on fire sprinklers! I call them "Large Rainbirds on the roof" I think that as long as you have water pressure they will keep your home from burning even a little. In CA people are selling them with a few 350 gallon totes and a B&S 5Hp gas pump.
Freckles.
Everyone doesn’t love Tom Hanks, dude is a major dousche
PRESENTATION..... NOT GOOD😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
I can't remember exactly when, but back in the 90s there was a news clip I saw of a guy on top of his roof, hosing down the sides of his home which was covered in tiles, thus being the only surviving structure in that fire.
Concrete concrete concrete
Hewn offers an extended class A real wood siding that's approved in all WUI zones already.  Vulcan vents are also next level in safety for both ember and flame...they also have a rainscreen vent bottom with the same ember mesh and intumeacent flame stop.
Imagine this, You’ve spent years building up your financial security, then one event a fire, a natural disaster, a market crash strips it all away in a matter of hours. That’s what’s happening right now in LA with the fire disaster. People who thought they were secure are now facing total financial devastation. Without the right strategy in place, everything you’ve worked for can disappear in the blink of an eye.
they should say god saved him
These fires are very sus!  Aluminum takes very high temps to melt!
Our God forever,almighty God
God have a hand in saving  His people homes, thank you Father in Jesus name Amen
We're experts in disasters we have lots of fires in Australia.   Try this link ...suncorp one house doco runs 22min
my large house burned down in 2017 Santa Rosa Fires... I am building with ICF walls, steel trusses, corrugated structural roof sheathing..standing seam metal roof, unventilated attic, interior metal framing (non structural), exterior U-Stucco and Flyash siding, some rock exterior, all insulation is Rockwool. double pain all tempered windows....
Good information thank you
Hello!  Thanks for your advise, I am removing the bushes around the house, putting 1/16” mesh in all the vents and thinking about how to cover my wood fence with metal.  I live in the Central Coast of California.  Thanks for your great recommendations  Fran Bocaranda
Taking about building a wood house for a fire just shows how ignorant ppl really are .... If it's not fire resisting then it's not safe tf
Wooden houses never have the advantage. God included his advice to his people in his scripture. “Upon this ROCK I’ll build my CHURCH and the gates of hell SHALL NOT PREVAIL against Thee!”
Great video!
i think the real lesson is earth dont exist cause this was more fake than these gerbils delusional santa clause stories. humans again shut down an not a single video of value made,  an the trees were still standing like the houses  were deleted like straight out a game. an that explains why humans are so dumb an useless; since monkey evolution from the kkklans in isntreal empire theory always seemed like an insult to superior monkeys, an they shut down when i clap my hands an say "roll over an kys instead of me terrorist" like during 2020. an then of course when i stuffed the human race back in the HDD generating them in 2020 I also said everything has to be shown to everyone an thats why the worlds been some fake fairytale cartoon since then,(to prove it an the humans are totally fake an the sky an sun itself can be changed). like the other half of USA being frozens down, while that was burning down, then the 9 hurricanes i said was coming in that video came, then the war that was 2 days later, then then then then then. i mean so many things, but a bot species that cant figure out satan clause isnt real,,,,, is dumber than my toaster who never talks about satan clause or rapse children for their middle eastern religion they used to erase the natives of every land with.  The only flaw here is earth is still here an its taking too  long time to get rid of the rodent population that thought they could kill me till 2020. i assume thats cause its trying to implement their eternal torture an not just let them escaoe the west 6000 year fate catching up to them.
In 2025 why are they still building with wood and cheap dry wall. Concrete steel , prefab foam and mesh steel that doesn't burn get termites. Cmon on guys it's intentional.🙄 America has an enemy and it's not it's citizens. Why kill the environment and keep cutting trees? Only those not loving God think this way!!!! "Devil Winds" 🤔
20:07 How this is even possible, I just never heard about anything like this hapen in Europe...
In BRAZIL 98% of the houses are made of brick
Matt, you should do a video on eaves and soffits. Why do we need them and how can we build to eliminate them for fire proofing but still maintain a proper exterior seal of the house and not create a source for water to get into the walls.
Excellent! This is what everyone needs to be thinking about who lives in wildfire prone areas like California and so many other states...thank you!
Bisa jd kontur tanah atw artitekturnya hebat.. Tapi bagi kami, ummat Mosleem.  Harta kita akan terjaga ( tentu saja dijaga oleh kekuatan Allah), jika kita selalu membersihkan harta yang didapat dg cara: membayar zakat ( 2,5%), sodaqoh dan infaq.  Jika tidak dilaksanakan, maka Allah akan mengambil paksa, bisa dengan banjir, kebakaran atw dicuri maling, ( ditipu orang) atau bencana lain.  Wallahu 'alam.   Coba tanya pada Tom Hank, kebaikan apa yang dilakukannya, especially to Moslem people.   That could become an answer why  his house survive.
Did they have blue roofs by any chance?
Some Americans are proud of building a wood house. That's not a good idea. You guys need a concrete building for your complete protection against bad weather, wild fire and flood.
Not all of us love Tom Hanks after the Trump comments he made
any rebuilds should be fire resistant
🙏🌎🇺🇸🌍🌏🌏🇬🇷☦️🇮🇱🙏🇬🇧
🇺🇸🌏🙏🇬🇷☦️✝️🇺🇸🌍🇺🇸🌎🇺🇸🇮🇱🇺🇸🌏☦️👩‍🚒
27:52 🫡
An American that built his house like most of Latin America and Europe would
Lots of new awesome homes going to be built. Ya baby
Por que o título está em português se nem é legendado em português?!
Some trees had luck too
Matt Risinger- thx for posting this video. some very helpful tips.
Matt, by any chance have you heard that all these houses have to be torn down? Anyways, because they are completely smoke infiltrated
you are poop, sir.
Matt's assessments are quite fantastic. The second case study of the house with the metal roof built by the architect draws my attention. I am more interested in the garage behind the burned out SUV and house that is located in the rear of the property. What is that made of? What are the conditions surrounding that structure? It seams to me the proximity to a combustible is a big factor. Consider the burned out SUV was next to the foliage of the front yard and its made of metal. The presumed garage in the rear is likely a wood structure.  I would think the "luck" the architect was referring to is the cluster of variables that make it fire resistant: proximity to combustibles, resistance to fire, weather conditions, etc. As always, thank you for your free content!
The Australians have terrible forest fires in the Blue mountains, and have spent a lot of time addressing fire risk for houses up there.  Unfortunately, some of the things that create fire resistant houses, contrast with what people are looking for who want to live up there.
Maybe you mentioned this, but you can't ignore earthquakes.  Some fire resistant materials are very vulnerable in earthquakes, such as bricks.  Wood is better for earthquakes than brick/stone.  Fire resistant structures in an area without earthquakes, is a far easier problem, than building fire resistant buildings in areas with significant earthquakes.
You keep on showing that square of something and calling it "this" for top of chimney or "rolls of this" around the base.....Would you please tell what that is?
I Bet that is Cement Hardy Board Siding it wont Burn
I learned a lot from you to.Day. Thank you for your time and your lessons. It's always great to hear a verse. May God bless you.
Did those houses have smart meters or old style meters?  Smart meters have lithium and burns hotter.
The 7 houses behind this DID NOT BURN and DID NOT have any of these features being touted here.
Message me labor affordable. I will help you built your house anti-fire.
You better change your house design using concrete fire wall made of sand and cement and concrete rooftop
I believe in what you are pointing out but I strongly believe also in what a true faith in God can do.
Après avoir mis le feu au monde l incendie gagne au pays des tortionnaires. C'est ce qui s appelle un retour de flamme.
the house above tom hanks house blew up it didnt catch fire it also had huge defense able space  I saw it while i was getting ready to leave.
The man said it was stucco siding. They now know how to make house faces using any kind of material, using molds. So, it’s stucco, not wood.  Had it been wood it would have gone up.
Why is it that the US, one of the most well developed nations in the World, still decides to build their homes from wood vs brick or cement like the Europeans and most of the World in the 21st century. Sure it's cheaper, but the US sees some of the worst natural disasters (hurricanes, tornadoes, forest fires) it's complete idiocy
Make sure your roof is blue
STOP building houses out of wood. Now you know why Europeans have small houses but they last forever. They are built out of pure brick. They are more expensive but still standing after fire breaks out. We also have fire stoppers between the houses to stop fire spreading as houses are close together and often attached to each other.
My cousin is a firefighter his recommendations were remove all close shrubbery, no mulch, no trees close by, close up the eaves, no wood fences nearby.  It’s that easy to protect your home.
Illegals setting up fires for their poly-ticks.
just useclay brick or concrete. what if you are dealing with a domestic fire... just use common sense long lasting material
It's like Nature taking revenge.. Good thing ..😁
If you have the opportunity, maybe you can arrange a conversation with your friends on This Old House. They were helping with some Home Rebuilds from the Paradise, CA Fire a couple of years ago.
(26:20) Matt, I have another favorite quote from the Bible: "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge ..." — Hosea 4:6
I actually feel just as bad for the home owners whose homes  survived because honestly, what are they left with?  Are they honestly going to live in a sea of ash?  And not like they’ll get an insurance payout to be able to move.  It’s horrible all around.
Tom Hanks, the very same guy that said Trump will never be elected.
since philippines were prone to hurricanes.. most of us prefer cements and cements can withstand fire.. we are a 3rd world country and US isnt.. I think its time for you to build your house in bricks and rocks instead of woods and sticks.
1st of all dont u dare challenge god, he is all powerful, if he wanna destroy it, nothing can stop him, u cant hide from him, why chose to be enemy against god, my advice, people of LA  prostrate to the ground like jesus pbuh, repent, ask for forgiveness.. even if u built a steel house, believe me, maybe different disaster, god will send tornado, earthquake, land slide, whatever it is to destroy ur home..
The houses survived due to being constructed  with an inevitable fire in mind. The vast majority of the fire resistant houses survived. Unfortunately there weren't many of them. The sauffate connecting attic ventilation is the Achilles heel of most house fires. That vent space allows any outside fire to easily ignite the home. Willing to bet all that burnt area will be rebuilt with high density housing owned by 1 or 2 incorporated businesses.  Seems very familar, remember the Hawaii fire?
so much speculation here. can't you just get the actual specs on what materials were used ?
You guys should stop building houses in wood. I live in Bruges where houses have been standing since 1200.  And yes, we had fires plenty . And believe me, they didn't have planes and fire brigades in those times.  If I lived in LA ... I would have been prepared. Batteries, pumps connected to the pool and a spray system...done..let's be honest it wasn't the first time and hell it wasn't even the 5th time... how many signals do you Americans need. 😮
The pig problem is the light wood framing, in Europe after some big fires, is building now more in mass timber or cross laminated timber.
You comprimising GOD protect that house.
The crucial firefighting water supply of the Santa Ynez reservoir was completely empty. Why? It had been approved by the LA water utility leaders for renovation in 2003. This is the Dilbert Corollary of the Peter Principle.  The 105 page EIS claims on page 33 that the empty reservoir will not affect firefighting.  The magical redundant water reserves did not exist in reality.
Tom Hank's house survived LA Fire because he is good hearted. He gave money to Bubba!!!
It's unfortunate that someone like Tom Hanks, with all the money he has makes such an ugly home to save his home. Or is it just bad taste. I used to work for two of his homes. Nice homes but not huge like this. One is still probably in the malibu colony. sweet small home.
I tell you qhy tom hanks house didnt burn cus he was for corrypt joe biden and Harris thats why his house survived
There are now fire resistant homes being built!!!
Hey Matt! Enjoy your content! I know you have done videos on Rammed Earth. Could you do one on Compressed Earth Blocks (CBE)? I would love to hear your thoughts!
That still doesn’t save them. Are they gonna leave alone? So isolated? No stores, no restaurants, no markets???? NO!
all the comments about luck...and Matt's comments about 'help' are worth contextualizing.  This is ALL about probability not perfection. Each change makes an individual impact, but they all compound. They add up just like anything. Makes the effort into small changes easy to look at individually as 'not worth it' or the outcome 'just random' but it really isn't. Even when it fails.
Building science question related to fires; with the addition of battery storage in the garage, is a battery fire a higher temperature than what sheet rock was tested for and more layers are needed to provide the same minutes?  Related to that, if batteries get moved inside behind a fridge like Biolote’s new product, is additional layers needed for fire protection with sheet rock?
Does brick siding help or does it turn the whole thing into an oven?
There are fire resistant panels to be used to cover the house.
In South Africa we build with cement and our houses still get burned out in fires. Nothing can stop fire, water and wind. Basically what I'm saying is wood is a bad option, cement will bring you a bit further but if the fire wants to go there it'll go there nothing will stop it. I mean the Gass lines of your stove could break when the fire is close to the house and the house can caught fire.
6:57 it’s called a retaining wall
Matt, I have a question I can't find the answer to. We have a whole house fan in socal. Would it be beneficial to turn the hose fan on if under a fire threat or is it detrimental to run the fan?
A brick house: *withstands fire* Americans: how did it survive?
I’m Australian and we have requirements for building in land designated as bushfire prone land.
Some of the blame goes to the faulty design of the houses Los Angeles.  Experts knew that something like this will happen in the future.  They should have built houses out of reinforced concrete, not wood. Having to pay $250billion will bankrupt the insurance companies. Those people had fire insurance, but insurance does not work when they have to pay for thousands of houses at the same time.
It FIGURES, hanks' house not Hit.  Disgusting individual.  D.Mun boy.
Can you do a video on the huge lithium battery fire that happened last week in moss landing california? It was the world's biggest largest lithium battery storage facility and people are being exposed to toxic chemicals. Zero national news coverage that I know of
In other words they made those houses out of wood.  They made them out of fuel.
My step sister lives in Escondido. Her husband I met in the Army.
God bless you my brother. Good information.
When we moved to the Great Lakes region as part of our climate action plan in '18, we set to work updating the exterior of the home to survive what's here and ahead with abrupt climate change. We still have a few more things to do but we have a handle on it.  And I suggest you evaluate your risks asap and mitigate them as best you can because the process is not only accelerating, its irreversible.
Fuck concrete homes!!!
Very informative video, but I would have focused more on retrofitting measures since most people in LA/SoCal lie in either in pre-existing homes or a new home built by a housing development company, but in both cases there's little to nothing that can be done about what they/re made of, how they're made, or they're architectural designs. Most people in SoCal can't afford a custom made house designed by some well known architect or architectural firm, nor can they afford to radically redesign  a pre-existing house built decades ago. To add to this, some home owners are further restricted by home owners associations  that limit what a home owner can do with the exterior f their house.  As for SoCal weather, it does fluctuate a good deal more than you think. During the Summer, highs regularly hit the 90s and during Winter it can easily dip down into the 50s with the occasional dip into the upper 40s. So while it doesn't get as hot as the Southwestern states like Nevada and Arizona, or as cold as the East Coast states, it's not always in the mid 70s year round here in SoCal.
Liberal thinking right here….  Build a house so expensive No one can afford.  Houses are close together because of lot cost.  This guy is in left field.  People will actually believe this…
Thank you for this video!!!
BUILDING CODE need to be overhauled,  Regulators and Insurers need to get involved in future build.    I am an Electrician who was working in the last eight months doing residential build and seen how developers build houses like a row of townhouses with only 2-3m structure separation and MOSTLY with vinyl sidings. This is in Edmonton, AB , Canada and I thought it is just a matter of SPARK and WIND to torch them down on summer time. Then this FIRESTORM in LA happened. BUILDING CODE need to be overhauled, Regulators and Insurers need to get involved for future build.
Always known American houses are walmart built. Such rubbish. Gypsum walls.  What a mess build a real house for heavens sake.
I live in the Caribbean and always wonder why the US build their houses out of wood but concrete houses burn just fine! Wishing for all the best for anyone going through this disaster!
I dont understand why homes ned to be built using wood in the USA? is it banned to use cement and bricks to build?
Hawaii has a clone of Mayor Bass.
Surprised that arent more homes in California built with concrete or bricks., especially given how close to Mexico ir is.
Its fully concrete house no foamabke materials
"But we're in America, we've been building with wood for years..." Building hasn't really changed it's methods for 150 years - new materials, power tools etc but at it's heart it's the same basic methodology. Why hasn't the building industry taken on factory built homes with finer tolerances and everything pre-fitted? Almost a hundred years ago you could buy a kit for your home from Sears with dozens of designs available - essentially all the components and an instruction book, that could easily be done today. But most importantly why do Americans build their biggest asset in the cheapest manner possible, rather than with the best quality and safest materials that they can?
I hate how Americans build wood houses 😂 I was baffled how weak and sound traveling walls are when I moved here. I hate it.
Great info. Thanks for this episode and the content, very helpful!
the wild fire is MASSIVE and the strong winds keep DRAGGING the fire. it's not going to FADE anytime soon. it's CRAZY. it's not a LOW amount.
0:41 you know what else is massive?
My house built from metal, roof is metal, 22 gauge is pretty fire resistant.
Well it's Tom hank's and a lot of people think that he is a good guy? Well think again.  He is a  evil piece of crap.  Along with a  lot of celebrities they worship Satan. Ye shall reap what thee sow. Christ our lord and Savior is coming.
What amazes me is that so many people actually built multi-million dollar houses out of wood.  With California's history of fast-moving, widespread, wildfires it defies logic.
Tom Hanks house survives another fire, so did his Lahaina house was saved too coincidentally 🧐
Building in timber, read bonfire, is the first big mistake. If my googling is right something like 90% plus of US homes are built that way. The home shown as Tom Hanks has some advantages as pointed out in its construction but remember as a rule of thumb for every 10 degrees slope the fire will double its speed up hill and halve it down hill. His from my understanding of the description was downhill. Manty factors can come into play but if the house next door is close to yours the radiant heat can be enough to set yours on fire no matter what construction or precautions. I'm sure there are resources readily available in the US as there are many on Oz. However here we have mandatory regulations for building in areas subject to bushfires (wildfires) that vary depending on your location and start with the strictest in what we call the "Flame Zone".
No matter what anybody thinks will be a better, safer house, a Karen will come along and declare it to be "unpretty" and the zoning commission will say NOPE !
Biggest L is probably badly ventilated attics. Basically little purpose built fire starters designed to suck embers right into a oxygen rich environment.
Thank you for this. I’m going to get my chimney cleaned and looked at to make sure everything is how it should be.
Tom Hanks is not loved, he's a pedo as proven from the whole Epstein files case and they have clones as is confirmed by many people in the industry, military, politicians that told us about it 20 years ago on national TV saying they have this technology to clone people and there's countless articles of people who have already done it like a Japanese couple cloned their toddler after he died from an accident.  No mention of microwave weapon attacks even though the military have confirmed it on their own website they have this technology and main stream media confirming it with police confessing on national television is was used on innocent civilians and in Lahaina.
ROCKWOOL & FOAMCRETE GUESS WHO TOLD ME ABOUT THE FIRST ONE?! YOU MATT!! & MY IN LAW IS NEVER GOING BACK TO PINK INSULATION!!
I am suddenly rethinking wooden railing.
great video... subscribed. gonna check out the rest of ur channel.
The 1967 Hobart Tasmania fires were as selective as that. My grandparents at the top of a metro street geting close to the bush. Normal [for Tassy] timber home with timber sheds at the back. Homes both sides went, and across the road. But theirs was ok but a little singed. Others in the same area were similar, no rhyme or reason. And yes hot heavy winds burnt a LOT of area. My aunts home in the bush was only the brick chimney left,, and the main part of the [old] home was stone with kitchen etc made from wood at the rear . I have seen this here in South Oz quite a bit after fires.  And it seems that we are quite a bit ahead of LA and California on fire prevention and fighting. Again Govt apathy and greenies it could be better.  My father chased the 1939 South Australian bushfires for a week,, armed with little more than a wet wheat bag [jute] After that a Emergency Fire Brigade was created,, in many areas. Originally they had a trailer with a tank and over the back brass military knapsacks. And yes still some bags. Small step forward. This was all funded by the populace, raffles and similar fund raising for many years. After the war [ yeah got in the way of a lot]  they stepped up to a prewar Ford V8 6 ton truck with a big tank, a proper pump and long hoses. By this time the Govt handed out a bit of money and they also had a decent shed and land to store it all. Yes the trailer and those bags were still around! By the early 70s when I was a member they had had to move for roadworks,, [ a couple of times] so a new bigger shed with far more room for equipment and some formal training once a week. And we also had a Landcruiser tray top all kitted out which was faster for small fires or first responded. Then we got a 6 ton brand new funded by the Govt Dodge. 318 5 speed. Bigger water tank again. Better pumps, better everything. BUT it did not like backing down gulleys/ gorges so that was the domain [still] of the Ford. We lived in a hilly area with in the greater area some river gorges and just gulleys. By this time we were only semi rural with more and more estates popping up every year. By the mid 70s a lot was changing after  the experience of fires, fire fighting in general. The biggest was the [slow] adoption of 4wd and diesel engine trucks. Petrol vapourised in the heat [happened to us] and some trucks and crews were burnt. By this time I was no longer a member,,, though during business hours [when all the volounteers were at work] myself and father or his worker still put out small fires, car fires and the more regular home fires. I did a few by myself. Got on TV extinguishing a VW [yeah catch fire often] by myself on the side of the main highway through the area. By that time Metro fire service were coming into the area. Not enough ofcourse though they got the house fires which they were good at. Bloody useless though at a grass fire! Fires and firefighting is a totally different scenario than pre war these days. My father was still a member until his early 80s, he operated the radio from the firestation and coordinated brigades. In my time [1954] there was fire sirens to call out members,, my grandmother [the other side]  used to test the siren every morning at 8am on the dot. Ex air raid sirens, very loud. Later we had a second one at the shed a mile or so away. You had to know the times as you could hear 3 or 4 other brigades tests as well.  Over about a 12 mile radius. And if it was not those times you opened your eyes for smoke rising. How much of this has California got?? From what I gather only a smal amount and even forsetry or national parks are ill equiiped. We used to both raise revenue and fire management by charging block owners to burn off their blocks. And burning off for both the reservoir property and the council on their lands and on occasion road side burns as well. Fires often start on roadsides, dodgey vehicles, cigarette butts, and fire bugs. Anyone not that bright [Cal Gov]  should be locked up! As part of my fathers business we also did block slashing or rotary hoeing for those that did not want them burnt. Though slashed long grass can catch fire without too much effort,, but a LOT easier to put out. Neighbours with garden hose on occasion
5:56 These winds are well known for blowing OVER the hills towards the ocean.  It's the whole basis for making this area a known fire trap.
I grew up in Pacific Palisades in the 70s and 80s. They used to do wide fire breaks and brush clearing and prescriptive burns in the hills. Our house was built out of redwood in the Sea Ranch style, right next to the hills, and we had sprinkler systems for fire, had no problems. We saw plenty of smallish fires in the area. California is a fire ecology, so it's normal (many native plant species depend on fire to reproduce). Fire needs to be mitigated near communities in a fire ecosystem. But now, California spends billions on a train to nowhere and the homeless industrial complex instead of wildfire mitigation. They tell you to clear the brush around your house, but the brush in the Palisades hills hasn't been cleared in 20 years and it was 10-20 feet high in many areas when these fires burned (when I grew up, brush was sparse and rarely more than knee height). So now the onus is on the homeowner to build fire-proof homes because the state has abdicated its responsibility and withdrawn funds from fire prevention services. You get what you vote for. It was so sad to see them destroy my hometown.
American houses, any place in America will be destroyed in a matter of seconds by a fire, hurricane, or any other natural phenomenon...  American houses are not built like European houses...  Like everything in America, they are built to obtain a heavy profit and that's all....  Has anybody seen the construction inception area of houses in America....  They look like a sea of toothpicks...  Three months later it is all converted into beautiful houses at $ 500.000 each...  American house industry is pretty sorry..
I trust science and technology for that and so much more. Lets think positive moving forward. Californians will find solutions.
wooden houses . good noight, je z its easy
Here in Australia!  Prepare...Stay and defend is practiced by many. We have building codes for structures in fire exposed areas
I just subscribed, this has been fascinating. I don’t live in a fire area, nor any plans to build, but you explain so well. I love to learn.
Hello... even if it was aluminum siding 1200 degrees
Cnn california fires
Very intresting conversation.
Why is it that we're not builiding with autoclaved aerated concrete (AAC) blocks? This may have prevented much of the destruction, as this building material is far more fireproof than wood (and as opposed to concrete, which is not suitable due to earthquakes, AAC blocks better withstand earthquakes due to their lightweight, design flexibility). Homes and businesses constructed of AAC have been through nature's worst throughout the rest of the world for years - proof positive 100+ years now - isn't it about time that we implement this construction process in the States? We all know of successful sites here and there throughout the US, but not on any broad scope, but the benefits are far-reaching (including cool in summer, warm in winter, non-allergenic), and considering this most recent tragic event, the time is long past due for serious consideration.
To be clear a hurricane is rated by SUSTAINED winds not wind gusts.
Why is there so little knowledge of intumescent paints?  I used them to paint the interior open wooden roof and trusses  of an office space to get fire rating so we could have a cathedral ceiling. Its an inexpensive way to make existing wooden structures fireproof or fire resistant. This, along with your defensible space treatment can offer some real protection for existing wooden houses. There a good videos demonstrating their effectiveness - like this one on youtube: watch?v=lVWVP3tKlZc
People of California please take care of your respiratory health. Take a look at my respiratory routine to help you protect your lungs and breathe a little easier.
That is a 4th generation 4runner that burned to the ground in the second house footage. The major aluminum components are the wheels (all five including the spare), the engine minus the rotating assembly, the front differential housing, and transmission housing.
your going to see more house getting made with concrete and newer material
Definition of survivorship bias
Bravissimi: il problema infatti è stato secondo me nel tipo di  materiale da costruzione utilizzato in zone dove come questa si sollevano venti a velocità molto elevata e si dovrebbe riflettere sulla esistenza o meno dei divieti di costruzione che forse li non sono stati previsti
Maybe their smart meters “malfunctioned”
your house might be whate ever it may be fire proof ,water proof , bullet proof or wgat ever but if god wants ur house burnt down then it will... respect god ... we all should learned a lesson
I read an article from KABC seven news news that said the siding was called fiber cement.  The house also had a commercial glazing on the windows and an installed fire suppression system
Very informative, thank you.  I'd bet that Greg's house has metal siding on the front that looks like wood.  I'm researching building a barndominium, & I'm learning a LOT of cool products out there.  Side note about pre-construction design.  I was just talking to friends last night that all homes I've designed in the past are all handicap-accessible.  Why not adjust doorways, etc. from 30" to 36"?  It doesn't take that much more beforehand as opposed to TRYING to retrofit when life changes.  Anyway, thanks again.
! ! Земля всегда проседает , а бетон трескается и протекает под весом мега-хранилища пресной воды.Полезнее много больших "нефтехранилищ" из нержавеющей стали , облепленных базальтовой ватой и защитным кожухом от зноя .По одному на жилой квартал пожарным хватит пресной воды ../ у вас на 275 млрд $ убытков / ! !
I am fairly sure that the Santa Ana winds are from inland.
Just picked up a gas-powered cement mixer. Can only say that also a cordless framing nailer. The former would be the only way if I lived outside Michigan.
If Trump had 1/2 of 1% of your compassion, the entire world would be better off.
Well said and done. Blessed my soul with you ending with scripture.  Amen bro!
I saw somewhere that many of these homes are designed also with a pump system that fills the house with air to limit smoke access.  Interesting as having helped a friend clean out his house after a kitchen fire and everything in the house had so much smoke imbedded in it all the furniture had to be replaced.
A house I know was surrounded by flames but survived because the whole house is brick, stone, tile and glass. No wood on the exterior.
I am in Burbank. The winds were intense. At times the house shook more than any earthquake I’ve experienced
Concrete and bricks
Many USA homes seem to be overgrown garden sheds.  BTW, have you seen pictures of Gaza lately ?  A sense of proportion, please.
God zero mention now LA zero house
You don't need to look that far, take Puerto Rico's construction codes as a Bechmark for Non combustible construction. If a fire breaks in a house in PR, it is contained to that room it doesn't spread. Concrete cement construction will withstand fire, hurricanes and even tornadoes. Building codes in the USA need to be revised for the use of Concrete cement and don't hear insurance and Building companies driving you away of that proven concept.
Now cover extra cost of these modifications.
not only that they survived,they survived completely
In germany ww2 people were holding on to the lamp posts so they were not sucked into the fires
Was it a fire storm or was it external to the  fires
Neither built on cement or wood, both have advantages & disadvantages depending calamities. This just shows poor or rich, money can't save you. Prayers to all🙏
I’ve been saying since about 2000 that in areas that burn, flood, and tornado ect. There needs to be new building codes for any new construction or extensive remodeling that would incorporate measures that would make the house resistant as realistically possible to any damage that will occur sooner or later.  Like in LA the house exterior walls and roof would be made from fire resistant materials like concrete with protective landscaping. Or in flood prone areas one option would be to place the house on stilts high enough withstand highest level possible of flooding. It would take time for most if not all housing to be upgraded to withstand the likely natural disaster for a particular area. It won’t save everyone and everything but a lot more housing/people would survive.  I know I went on a bit of a rant but every time I see something like the LA fires and the loss of people and homes. How it could have been mitigated by having proper building codes, planning from city & state officials, and proper infrastructure to help reduce if not eliminate the potential for disaster/loss of life.
75 dead is inflated do yiyr homework
Le recinzioni realizzate con stecche di legno sono un invito al fuoco per bruciare la casa. Le recinzioni delle case in zone soggette agli incendi devono essere in calcestruzzo e metallo come in Italia. Le pareti esterne della casa se vengono intonacate diventano ignifughe. Le pareti esterne della casa non devono essere in legno ma avere un rivestimento di intonaco o lamiera o lastra di gesso antiumidità di quelli usati per i bagni. Nelle zone a rischio incendio il tetto non deve essere ventilato ma realizzato  in un pacchetto isolante chiuso con sopra una lastra di cemento o di lamiera o tegola di cotto. Il basamento attorno alla casa deve essere in calcestruzzo. Le terrazze in legno attorno alla casa non devono esistere, devono essere in calcestruzzo. Il giardino non deve avere arbusti secchi. I bidoni immondizia in plastica devono essere posizionati nel luogo più lontano dalla casa. Il giardino deve avere impanto di irrigazione per mantenere erba e siepi nutrite di acqua. Il fogliame caduto va tolto. I serramenti non devono essere di plastica, meglio quelli di legno con rivestimento esterno di alluminio o . I cavi elettrici devono essere interrati e non su pali di legno. I portoni fei garagi non devono essere di plastica o legno, ma in lastre isolanti di lamiera esterna. Le cornici esterne della casa non devono avere perline di legno ma essere di calcestruzzo o rivestite in lamiera. Costruzioni Dal Brun (Italia)
That wood look siding might be Nichiha. It's fiber cement that provides its own rainscreen.
Is there a possibility the fire was caused and started by Hamas and Hezbollah operatives and their Iranian masters ?
Because the people inside the house are believe in God some people in Los Angeles are ignore God
Fire resistance, Non-combustibility, Spread and propagation of fire
This is the stupidest thing to say:" ...but we are in America, we've been building with wood for years..."   I was always wondering why Americans repeat something that is obviously not working over and over and over again.
"Monopoly-style" ... Um, man, that's Scandinavian architecture... >_>;
We really need to go back to using natural stone for homes, especially in wildfire zones.
Landscaping with fire resistant plants and trees (native to CA in this case) is also very important.
I'm from the UK - why are these houses just burnt to a pile of ash - lucky to see the outline of a car and chimney stack.  No to little structure or shell?  The sample burn -  the wind did seem to blow right to left ?
In all Europe, where I live there is only concrete buildings or brick buildings. tempred class is also normal standard here..  it will never be this severe like in USA. so sorry for all the loss...
Well Tom Hanks maybe unsafe to travel with but safe in any house he built?
Idootenstimme
Most countries in the world use much thicker walls than we do here in the U.S., often 2-3 feet thick, and most often made of masonry, concrete, or earthen walls.   What looks like wood paneling on the front of the home @ 7:30 is likely a manufactured wood panel, such as hemp-wood, bamboo-wood, laminated veneer, or even a metal panel with a synthetic wood finish.   As far as the demonstration @ 4:00, the use of magnesium sheathing would make those walls virtually fireproof up to 1400 degrees Farenheit.  There are a lot of attractive and inexpensive solutions to making homes more fire-resistant, as well as being more energy-efficient and sound-resistant.  The problem is most Americans want their home built as cheaply as legally possible, with 6" new-growth timber framing, weak gypsum drywall sheathing, cheap wood fencing, and terrible fiberglass insulation.  Until home buyers are ready to build for quality and value, instead of just for price, nothing will change.
In the clip you included, the architect of the surviving house says the walls are stucco, so definately not wood.
Ipe for decks
Californians en masse 1) keep electing Newsom and his mates into high offices 2) care not about fire retardation. Such a combo never ceases to amaze me.
I got to work on San Diego’s first LEED Platinum house. Strawbale, lime plaster, fire supression. Carbon Zero footprint and a 2hr fire rating! The fire inspector was blown away!
The fire is rather strange...it burns selectively...is this heavenly judgement?
I love what you're covering. But the real issue is the basics. We need a fire extinguisher and use it quickly. Canada , wash, or, cal, maui all could have been stopped with a centrally located and maintained 150+ fleet of aerial tankers staged in Arizona or somewhere of least maintenance requirements. These fires are are the result of stupidity and it pisses me off.
0:55 it reminds me of Bribden Inc. not helping NC DD Disaster ignored by >95% corrupt media while total support for CA??!!
Oregon started requiring defensible space around houses, at least in my area, 10-15 years ago, after wildfires had been increasing in frequency and severity for at least a decade. It really wasn't that big of a project, but it certainly provided peace of mind.
all show and no substancs ,,,modern human nature
Matt- thanks for sharing the video with the 5ft surround on test home. The two fires (Eaton and PP) have given me much heartache. I know we have to cut down and destroy all of our beautiful plants that are next to our home. Losing greenery really makes a generic home look extremely ugly. But a charred home is no longer a home. The expense of a significant amount of greenery removal is going to be tough to swallow. Grieving a lost home is tougher though. We already have fire sprinklers on the roof. I was dismayed at pvc gutter fire burn rate in the comments. So maybe mesh them  ...?? I will be happy to replace the wood gate posts with metal though. In the interim, I have some "Komodo" fire mix. Someone in the comments said they tractored to the earth soil layer .... we are surrounded by 80-115ft tall eucalyptus. So while we are starting with a plan, those trees might have other plans.
For fire zones fire and building codes will need to change.    They did it with retrofitting for earthquakes, it must change for fires.  The whole situation is beyond terrible
Starts at 3:15
@buildshow .... supposedly that house in Altadena had MgO SIPS panel walls.
I'm gonna spread this video around my community. I'm in LA. My mother's house was nearly caught in the path of the Eaton fire. She got super lucky. She's been "planning" on rebuilding her home for decades. I'm kinda glad she never got too much done, because I think these important points you've mentioned are gonna be a must when she starts.  Thank you for understanding our situation. It's been a very rough couple of weeks, especially those who lost everything, including lives.
Ventilated Roof - I'm glad to hear about the 1/16 mesh. So far in comments, no mention of fire resistant paint. The mesh plus this paint and maybe some hardy / fiber cement over some wood. Any thoughts on this fire resistance paint ?
Thanks for doing this.  My house burned in the 2017 Tubbs fire.  I am still working on replacing it with a fireproof structure.  The Ember Blocking Mesh was a good tip.  I added it to my materials file.
tar tile on the roof is combustible,=. A metal roof woukd not start the cumbustion of a house
That's great for regular forest fires.  Fires caused by microwave energy weapons are different.  Melting metal cars is not normal.
Only reason so many people are talking about these fires are because of the millionaires that are affected. I can’t stand this rich privileged area in CA. F Tom Hanks
They should stop building with wood You'll notice in the comments. A couple of people from Europe in Australia, commenting on building with cement blocks steel studs etc, they even use. Ceramic Tiles for the roof. Their houses can basically withstand anything and they sit there for hundreds of years
Everyone's missing the most basic - wood vs. concrete construction.
why this home, not many wooden exposed parts? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CceM_JljwqQ
Wood has tendency to crack and deteriorate over time, even if the structure is fire rated, the rating is done as a new. Is it the same after 30 years? No it's not, wood has likely cracked and become porous in sun's UV light. Even with good maintenance and new paint wood will deteriorate which make it more flammable.   I think that one house was partly saved by being new.
This is all BS !!!
How did the windows not explode on the 6-month old house, with a van on fire so close to it?
Hopefully before people build back, the counties will take these kind of features and make them code. It’s a necessity to build for your specific environment.
It looks like tokyo 1945
Matt, Thank you for a Great look at a subject many don't want to think about.  I've even looked at replacing my raised wood deck with a concrete panned slab on steel framework. It would be fire proof and should outlive me.
I fail to understand why in disaster prone areas still build homes with wood as their major building material. Whatever happened to good old concrete/brick homes.
In the most places in the US building the houses with brick and mortar are illegal, and fences as well. Over regulated to stupidity.
People in LA may have to consider building homes UnderGround. What do you think ???
Stating the obvious. Fire resistant material and barren xeroscape landscaping.
The home Greg Chasen Built had a stucco exterior finish, which created a firebreak on the exterior of the house
If that house next door , it should've caught that other house on fire regardless ! I lived further away from a neibors house when it caught fire one morning.  As it burned it got so hot that you had to go back in my house to get away from the heat. It wasn't close enough or hot enough to catch my house on fire, but those two houses were so close the heat coming off that burning house would've gotten the window glass so hot in the house not on fire to crack and fall out exposing the inside of the house to the raging fires heat and embers making the house catch fire !!
brick?
to make it short... LA's water level is depleted, dried out and that's the problem... why? it's not about the design of the houses... even if all designs of future house are to be based on those surviving houses, there is no stopping of the cyclic fire occurences... solution should be based on the water resources management... return the ownership of the water resources to the public... no one private person should be allowed to own it... and let the people manage the everything about water resources for their own benefit... trees should be cut lower, and the areas must be hydrated at all times.
Wow - what an educational uplift.  Would you be willing to go deeper on fire prevention building, and maybe even more tips and knowledge in this realm?  I love what you're doing and how kind respectful and honoring you are to all the people involved in every aspect of your focus.
I am in Australia, we have massive fires here we continue to struggle with over the years.  Our native trees require fire to clear out the undergrowth and initiate their seeds.  Unfortunately California has embraced Australian Native trees (we call them Gum Trees, you call them Eucalyptus trees).  We find after large bush fires random houses do survive.  Houses with non Native (to Australia) gardens seem to provide a degree of of resistance here.  Most fruit trees, apple pear ect. and what we would call European style trees excluding Pine type trees, don't tend to burn well.  They don't tend survive a good toasting though.
I was wondering about brick. Problem with California is homes need to be protected from fires AND earthquakes
I watch a lot of content about aviation safety. They learn and improve from every unfortunate accident. The same principle applies here.
Have more fire hydrants and water sheds with WATER in the sheds and plenty of fire fighters and a good exit plan when there is a fire.
Concrete fences is good.
Concrete basements are good.
Concrete walls is good!
Winds got up to hurricane equivalent cat 1 or 2.
Rocks are great to build and metal fence and  o attic just a basement these kind materials is good to rebuild.  Come on and build again   You can do it. Build SMSRT. God bless you.
In the Philippines we use concrete hollow blocks both for exterior walls and interior partitions. And when one or two of the exterior walls are along or near the property lines the Philippine Building Code requires us to make that exterior wall a fire wall.
I've seen some comments on the Smart Meters playing a part - houses burning from inside out.
Build California.  Build with fire and wind in mind.
HOW CAN WE DEMAND ACCOUNTABILITY AND NOT ALLOWING DEI IN JOBS WHERE PHYSICAL STEGNTH MATTERS .  Do not lower standards .  If a woman can lift in the same way as a huge dude then go for it.   PLEASE PASS  LAWS TO STOP DEI BECUASE TJEY ARE UP TO THE SAME FKERY IN THE AIRLINE INDUSTRY.  They called it ramp to cockpit something like that and  meanijnf someone high up in the airline industry said they would definitely lower standards to meet DEI.   Let that sink in next time you’re flying or in the middle of a fire for that matter
This could be what Hell looks like!
So called  wild fire Melted  aluminum in the driveway  but no burnt trees or bushes  it was laser technology the military is testing out . Most likely . But nuscum and bass still need too be fired
Please use brick , surly better  than timber and a roof made of tiles
So the three little pigs story holds no lessons for American builders? oh, I'll watch your tale ...
Maybe because Tom Hanks took trips to Epstein island, and now a Greek citizen
My house was concrete including the roof but it all melted. Beautiful wood windows. 1800 degrees according to the guys repairing my 100 yr. old patio chairs.
Do not build shit houses again. Easy
Here in the UK our houses are built to last a very long time hundreds of years. We builld them using brick or concrete walls and tiled roofs. It seems that in the US they are built out of ticky tacky and designed to last 50 years maximum. Seeing the picures of destroyed houses it  was glaringly obvious that the bits that survived were the chimney stacks, the brick and concrete bits that were built to be fireproof.
We saw similar results in Arizona after the Monument Fire and others that year. A concrete geodesic dome survived while every wood structure around it burned to the ground. Cement and metal exteriors, sprinklers with water cache, cleared landscape defensible space. Hard lessons to learn.
Surprised that car shown to the left didn’t explode and burn completely due to the gas tank. I haven’t heard that exploding cars contributed to the spread of the fire but can’t imagine it wouldn’t have some effect
Thanks for the video to help educate the citizens of fire-prone State of California and hopefully, Californians will rise up and demand California politicians to reform the building code for future new homes to be able to withstand the recurring fires in CA.   Homestead Florida was hit by a devastating Hurricane Andrew which wiped out the whole city, when I moved to Homestead in 2003, the home was built by cement blocks and came with hurricane shutters for all windows and "tied down roof"; as a result, when big Hurricanes Katrina/Rita/Wilma hit, we were OK only minus a few roof tiles which got loosed from the tied-down strap which were built according to the new city building codes.
قال تعالى وواعدنا موسى ثلاثين ليلة وأتممناها بعشر فتم ميقات ربه أربعين ليلة
Rationale: build and maintain your house and grounds in a way that you do not need the fire brigade, even if the neighbor's property is burning like a hot torch !
Well done.
hello, i live in LA Puente Hills just 20 min drive east south east of LA, our residential only town of La Habra Hts have very strict codes an regulations regarding defensible space, trees within 30 feet with canopies taller than the house are outright banned no exceptions, ot gets more lax the further away from the house, but also just any vegetation from weeds to brush,  so any vollenteer plant weeds, tobacco plant to Toyon to Mexican fan palm, that palm is literally a weed out here, but they want it ( it being vegetation that does not get regularly watered) entirely clear cut by at least 50 feet preferably 100 feet, and some other things like tax incentives to use tile roofs, or or install all hardscape versus softscape around the property. but another big one is that our town forbids subdivision of property every single home in this town has at least two acres.You are not allowed to sub-divide absolutely no exceptions, every single property is at least two acres, and you know, I believe the original intent was to make it so that it didn't end up looking like LA particularly East and west LA where the hills are just a sea of houses , like when there's a new development, they're adding more hill to the house, not more house to the hill., so jam-packed it's insane, but they realized that a benefit of that is that you don't have fires jumping from home to home, doing it like that, and there's lots of open wilderness space between each property. And this really ensures that you know, these firefighters can get in there and put a fire out from all directions, but also You're not gonna get home after home. Destroyed just by flames by your neighbor.   I've lived in the area for 20 years. My grandparents have lived here for 50 years, and they say that there has never once been a fire wildfire out here and bigger than a few 100 acres. our hills are much smaller than pacific Palisades or Topanga. But there's enough wildlife out here that you'll get deer running around through people's backyards. For l, a, that's unbelievable, but we get him out here., look up La Puente hills on Google Maps. And you'll see what i'm talking about, not huge, but plenty of room for wildfire to get out of control, never have I remembered one where my grandparents knew about one in recent history so that tells you something
Cat 5 hurricane winds start at 157 mph.
Matt, the winds are blowing downhill towards to ocean. Because they are coming from the east and blowing west. Too many of the homes are made from wood. It's cheap and if you are a first time buyer, you want that deal. Concrete covered homes cost more, but do not stand well in earthquakes, were as a wood home flexes in quakes. What is funny is that you folks living in tornado alley, don't build your homes underground.
Well done, Matt! Thank you!
5:26 What for has Tom Hanks this big ass house.
I've watched several similar videos over the past several days and I wonder if homeowners might start suing builders for not using fire resistant materials and practices in these historical fire prone areas. You know, "My neighbor's house didn't burn down, why didn't you design/build my house the same way?" Just thinking 🤔
the day before I started my last year of high school, my family's home burned to the ground.  it was a surreal feeling looking at a black hole in the ground full of ash and twisted, burned debris.  I had a therapist tell me (years later) that some of what I felt is similar to what PTSD patients feel.  my heart goes out to those who lost property, pets and loved ones in this situation.
This reminds me of the great Chicago fire of 1871. At that time, almost every building in Chicago was made of wood. The city has the Chicago River that divided the city into a few zones, that were thought to keep the fire from jumping the river. It turned out that the wind carried embers over the river and set fire to most of the city. Residents fled into the river, or Lake Michigan, to escape the flames. The old water tower (still in Chicago on Michigan Avenue) survived because it was made of stone. The city fire department was in a building made of masonry, so it was thought to be fire-proof. But, they made the roof out of wood, which caught fire, and then burned out the interior. Some other large buildings were also made of stone or brick, and were thought to be resistant to fire. But they all had wooden roofs that caught fire and then burned everything inside. It also turned out that the buildings had doors and windows made of wood, that caught fire, and transmitted the flames to the interior.
Tom hanks could has just gone back to Jeffrey epstiens Island
Pls try to educate the world in your social media to fear God in every area of life not to mock God for any reason. Bible said Ecclesiastes 12: 13.
Folks, every area uses different materials, and builds what is best for the area. California is earthquake country, where brick and cement homes would crumble and desintegrate.
Thanks to Mexican firefighters as well!!!
Look at European cities. Concrete blocks, brick, any wood. Any mass fires. High energy efficiency. Minimal lifetime costs. Aerated concrete block is cheap. Why not?
I wonder why local building codes don’t allow or encourage designs that are fire resistant or fireproof. I suspect home builders are opposed to alternative construction methods and materials. I also wonder if homeowners deliberately avoided construction designs that reduced fire risk because of aesthetics.
It is obvious there is something more going on with those fires. It is great to hear about these homes that are fire-protected or defended. There is another house that survived it due to being fire-resistant. Praying for all and shame on those insurance companies for failing those people.
This might be the most important video that Matt ever made. California adopted special building codes for fire hazard areas in 2006 and enforced them for new construction after 2008. Some of what Matt was describing are covered by these codes. Unfortunately for California, that still leaves the fast majority of the housing stock in fire hazard area non compliant with current fire hazard codes. For new construction, making code compliant structures adds marginally to the cost of construction, but updating older construction to be fully code compliant can be very expensive. There is a middle ground though for updating older housing. A lot of fire resistance can be obtained with fairly inexpensive changes.   Part of the solution for California involves making homeowners more aware of the dangers they face and the possibility of affordable solutions. Matt's video is exactly the kind of thing that will help address awareness, Thank you Matt.
Matt, I know you're a high end builder so you like to sell stuffs when in fact most cheap lawn sprinkler installed on roof were effective.  Need a new video on how to do this for less than $200 bux.
We call them "Sundowner Winds"... They come over the coastal ridges from the east toward the ocean in the west.....
Thank you.
Can’t build concrete houses in earthquake zone.
This Old House has a great video on their channel showing how are guy they hired installed fire proof vents all around this house that didn't allow burning ambers to enter the attic or underneath the house through these vents he replaced with fire proof vents! I watched on CBS, and then again on their utube channel!
It's all the 3 little pigs again. Americans have forgotten the children story and buildt giant huts instead of smaller real houses.
Greeting from Germany. I grew up in the south of France where wild fires are pretty common. So, the only thing I can bring to the table is how we do things.  1. Keeping your grounds clear of brush. Our regulations state that the owner has to clear the brush in a 100 meter / yard radius around the property. IF you don't you get fined pretty harshly. 2. No trees in the vicinity of the house that overtop your property's roof line. 3. Our building regulations state that the exterior walls of any building need to have a 60 minute fire resistance rating. 4. Traditionally, our houses are build with non-flammable materials, mostly natural stone, concrete blocks or terracotta blocks. The roofs are almost always made of terracotta tiles.  5. To protect against wind and heat most of our windows have exterior window shutters, mostly made out of 1 inch thick timber, but can also be steel. That's a design choice really.  As a side note, now that I work in Luxembourg, all new buildings here are required to have an energy rating of A, which is basically a passive house. That also means that all of the air control is made through a ventilation system, and as we saw with your second example. The fact that the only way for embers to enter the skin of the house is through a mechanical system that can be closed off is a big factor. In Europe the roof (and also windows) is the usual point of entry for fire, remove that possibility and you have a pretty good chance of saving your property.  Another point is that could be important is that we overwhelmingly use aluminium for window frames. We do also use wood/alu frames but the exterior face will always be metal.   After that, there are always systems that you can implement, but that really depends on how deep your pockets are. Tempered glas is one such solution if you don't want shutters.  But, although these solutions contribute to a safer more resistant building, they are in no way a guarantee that fire will spare your home. There are a lot of variables to account for and building with all those in mind is either incredibly expensive or downright impossible. The best solution maybe to let the forests burn every 4-5 years to keep the fuel low and promote regeneration. I don't think nature is so weak that it needs protection, except maybe from us.  I wish the people in California much courage and to rebuilt smartly !
flammibale roof materials dont help
Sorry to say this bro. But everythings happen according to our almighty God.
i replace my vents with screened vents when first baught it. i thought all of them have that
Greg Chasen has, no doubt, become the most requested architect in Los Angeles for the next 10 years.
I receive, yes Jesus!
While their house stands (congratulations,  well done) I bet the interior smells like a 50 year old smokehouse. They stilll have issues to deal with. Plus I wonder how much did their "premium" fire resistant materials cost. Having survived a fire, are any of those materials or windows compromised going forward and require replacement now? Honest questions.
We do NOT ALL LOVE TOM HANKS!
Modern concrete homes are the way to go big or small.
My wife and I recently designed a home in north east Minnesota where there is high fire risk annually. It is highly recommended that properties have whole property fire suppression systems in addition to homes being designed for fires. There are mandatory 20 foot set backs from any building to the tree line. In 2022 there was an evacuation notice for the area and all fire suppression systems turned on by volunteer firefighters. Luckily the area did not burn, but an evac notice is a scary wakeup call to being prepared. We have yet to build our home so all of these lesson are helping us to not cut corners when it comes to wild fire preparedness.
What is the fire resistant underlayment?
THIS WAS 100% ARSON BY GOVERNMENT ENTITIES
Three little pigs.  House made of Brick.    🐷🐖
The melted aluminum can only be caused by DEW LASER, not wildfires! wake TFU!
STOP VOTING GLOBALIST PIGS IF YOU DON’t want your neighborhood to go up in flames! This was no accident! This is UN AGENDA 2030 SMART CITIES (4 dumb people) agenda: you will own nothing and you’ll be happy BHLLSHT!
Do a tour on Gavin Newsom new 9 million house.Ask why there is a BLUE LASER PROOF ROOF.
News Flash install LASER PROOF BLUE ROOF like Gavin Newsome.
I had a drugged out stripper crashing on the couch next door. Schitzophrenic, bipolar idk. She would build hugh fires taller than the houses 15 ft from my house and the wall I sleep against . Crazy off the rails!!! She was finally evicted ❤ but in the future i am going to fortify and bullet proof my exterior
I truly hope that all these individuals, along with anyone else who has lost their home to a fire, can quickly rebuild their lives, find emotional stability, and regain a sense of peace and security. My thoughts are with them during this difficult time.
Wealthy people can only afford this
Thank you for the insightful video and the Bible scripture!
Western NC, Eastern Tennessee. How can you build them safe houses?
Talk about God, same of us we still alive because of God's grace and mercy 3:35
No we dont all love this actor. Hes living in Greece
*The standard must be at this level now cant trust Newscum here in SoCal!*
This is apocolypictic 😮😢 diabolical the USA WHITE HOUSE CLOWN CIRCUS IN HA2AII AN CALIFORNIA IS RESPONSIBLE, PLANNED, WATER TURNED OFF, EXIT ROUTES BLOCKED. DEAL WITH THESE CRIMINALS
God gave us life he can also take it back  so let's respect the god almighty.
Don't mention the name of god in vain because he is powerful us human.
I'm thinking that la is going to have some serious discussions with zoning and fire laws.
I believe in god Ang god is powerful than a human..
3:58
We definitely need to go back to more traditional A frame or sloped  Shed roofs. I look at the modern mcmansion multi peaks and i cannot  understand the maintenance and cleaning nightmare they are, and this guy points out that every single valley can catch embers...
In Argentine all the houses are built out of cement, some more resistent.
hardiflex is used in the philippines for walling on shanty houses..its fire safe and termite safe..25 year warranties..easy to cut but it cannot be nailed with ordinary nails but it uses stainless nail ..
You really watch this old video of when fire took out homes in the Bel Air and Brentwood area back in 1961 during the Sana Ana winds https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxnC1WW95XE
Looks like if we don’t have $1 mil plus to hire an architect, we can’t get an intelligently built house in the US?
Never understood how expensive houses are in the us when they're made of sticks and cardboard. Concrete would make them way more resistant to fire and tornados, so why do you keep stumbling on the same rock?
No wild  fire gets hot enough to  melt aluminum  .another  Maui
Wild-Fires, Forrest Fires, Suburban Fires, And Vehicle Fires, Do Not Get HOT ENOUGH To Melt Vehicle Glass, Or Aluminum Engines, Transmissions, And Aluminum Molded Items, Into Running, Flowing, And Pooling Liquids, . . . But D.E.W.'s Do . . .
1961 Bel Air fire resulted in sweeping building code changes.  2025 fires will result in same.  Concrete and metal construction will fire harden a home.  I think there will be a push for that despite the additional cost.
As a child in New England in the 1970’s, we were taught about Santa Anna winds and fire seasons in CA. We wrote papers and drew blueprints for a house of our design with the math on the blueprints. It was a STEM project for 3rd grade IN THE 1970’s. We all made concrete, glass, and metal homes, one kid made a stone house. Third graders in the 1970’s figured out the problem and solutions, so I’m kind of perplexed as to why the general public is surprised.
Have you mentioned anything about earthquake codes? California homes have to be built to a stand earthquakes, which are far more common than wildfires. I don’t think concrete would fare well in an earthquake. Thank you for the excellent video.
Great video. Are you aware of any companies specializing in “wildfire roof irrigation systems”? I could only find one called Frontline Wildfire Defence.
Where do you find your links? The Eaton fire burned up to a block away from my mom’s house my dad built 74 years ago. The fire came close to my brother’s house in Altadena built in 1934. I enjoyed these tips for saving a house.  We live in a forest in Northern California in the costal hills.  There are no trees close to most of the buildings but we do need to make some changes.
Aluminum exterior blinds.
LOVE ALL... SORRY TO SAY... We as HIS created creatures must obey HIS orders... Life and death are determined by HIS in Luh Mahdfuz on the 7th heaven there... we respect HIM, all creatures respect us... HE has trillions of angels who are ready to wait for HIS instructions.  THANKS & LOVE ALL...
WOW what a surprise !!! LA in the fire prone area, fires had been a problem in the past wow, wooden structures will burn wow !! What a revelation What the f else ? Fire hydrants with water  can help in the firefighting ? Proper building code would save a lot of structures ? REALLY ? No way ! Let's build from wood again cause why ? It's convenient right ? Looks to me LA full of dumb people what can I say !
That house going to be the most expensive house in LA. Praise God for Wisdom.
More concrete and bricks, no more wood. 😊
Amazing the homes survived.  But, how much more did all these cost?  Probably unaffordable to the average American.
Don't build your house out of paper if you expect it to last?
Building everything out of Wood and then wondering, that Wood can burn 🤷🏻‍♂️🙈 sorry americans but This is your fault. Sad but true. Never the less, keep learning for the future and good luck with the situation now.
Good ideas.  Considering house prices in California and fire risk, I’m surprised concrete building is not used more often. At least where I live it’s not that much more expensive.
My guess is the wood at the front of house is actually cement siding that’s made to look like real wood. Excellent choice for fire risks & lower maintenance.
Thank god I live in a SANE city and state.  I was never bothered about living in a RV while I rebuilt. Having dealt with FEMA idiots, I feel sorry for anyone that has to deal with them. Interesting thought.  What about solar water heating.  The fire melts the pipes, water flows over the roof stopping the fire.
I live in Nor Cal and insurance renewal was canceled 1 year ago. Cheapest insurance is $600 a month and $20k deductible, I was paying $90 a month, $2.5k deductible. After much research and thought I decided to be uninsured and better prepare my house on 5 acres for fire. Enlarged the fire safety zone, hardscape 5 ft around house, installed 1/8" mesh attic screen vents, bought a larger generator to power well pump if PGE power goes out, built several portable sprinklers... House is made of adobe with tile roof.
100 mph is a CAT 2 hurricane.  Practically body surfing weather on the breach.
Great video Matt, thanx for all the info 😊
Here in Australia we have some pretty serious fires. Every time we have a major fire, there are houses that show up unscathed. The common factor is sprinkler systems. Is this a thing in the US and were any tested out in the LA fires?
When practically the whole world  builds with cement/ concrete/ bricks etc, it just makes sense to transition to it once and for all. It's better for your insurance costs, your safety and better for insurance companies.  I hear a lot of people talk about earthquakes may cause concrete homes to collapse more easily, but Japan has figured that out. I read that for residential homes, they put 5-20 inches of rubber padding at the foundation which takes care of things. For highrises, apart from steel frames they also use the same rubber padding at foundation and then motion dampers every alternate floor. As a result, none of the highrises collapsed during the 9.1 earthquake they had several years back... most people died from the tsunami.
Astonishing! Build houses from non-combustible materials, and then they won't combust! I think, insurance companies will have a major role by changing construction in the US, as long as people stick for reasons unknown to others to wooden structures.
The siding looks like Nichiha (ultra high density fiber cement). It’s a lot thicker than Hardiboard, and it has much more realistic color and texture. It lasts about 50 years. It’s manufactured in the USA.
Dear everyone, please join me to pray for heavy rain in Los Angeles right now.  With many prayers, God will answer.  My father, brother and father in-law are retired Fire fighters.   My father received a Fire Fighter of the year for saving workers inside a burning ship that was dockec and worked on.  He jumped in the sea and save few people to get out.  He was only 5'5 and slim, yet he made it.  Prayers for all the Fire fighters and first respondent.  The are all HEROES!,,
Dont worry Newscum is already Re-imagining an L.A. 2.0.
Lesson #1: Don't build houses out of combustible materials in known wildfire zones. I never understood why people live in wildfire zones, flood zones, etc. What did they expect?
I thought Tom moved after we elected President Trump?
Why do american homes burn so easily? What use are the fire regulations?
Santa anna winds blow off shore
That’s why I love concrete houses, they last for centuries and they resist most natural disasters, the US and Europe build their houses with wood for business and not for safety, cheap and last less
Concrete from outside wood from inside
100 mph winds are NOT a cat 5 equivalent!!! This guy lost my respect
I can't understand how people can pay millions of dollars for a house that burns so easily.
fire restant epoxy with masonary tile like on the floor.
Obviously that concret and bricks don’t burn …
Dont tell me we all love Tom Hanks!!!!!! WTF. Making false statements like that is supporting the evil that presides on this planet. He is a horrible person.
so dont haw a gardan is the clue to be safe
Nice to see that some Americans had read the story about the 3 pigs.  Maybe now they will build real homes not sheds!
There sure were a lot of trees by the destroyed house!
I think there is more to it, not just a simple concrete wall made to protect from Fire!!!
These where unnatural fires. Water did not put it out.
I've seen cigarette butts ignite that red mulch. That stuff should be banned in every fire code.
Some info from a native SoCal framer/builder:  You spoke of the unusual wind directions at the beginning of the video and, yeah, the Santa Anas go the opposite direction of the onshore winds, which are the usual wind direction.  It comes from a high over the Four Corner states with the wind flowing to a low off the SoCal coast.  The air is compressed as it flows down the face of the San Gabriel and San Bernardino mountains increasing the temperatures dramatically.  The beach areas often experience warmer temps than the low deserts at the same time.  This was arguably the most intense Santa Anas I've ever seen as a native-born southern Californian of 67 years, and I've never seen or heard of 100mph+ Santa Anas.  It was crazy.  I remember dozens of palm trees taken down at the beach 45 years ago by Santa Anas winds, and last week winds were much faster.  The winds are usually faster on the west- and south-facing slopes of the mountains, so 100mph winds at the beach is just nuts.  I also just retired as a builder/developer/carpenter of 45 years and that one house that survived has been in the local news damn near every day.  Stucco is a great way to protect a house but, as you mentioned in your video, you gotta have appropriate windows and roofing, or the stucco won't matter.  I grew up in the local mountains (Lake Arrowhead) and fires are on our minds every single day of the year.  More and more people are going to concrete tile roofs but in a big wind it won't matter without top-notch underlayment.  Exterior insulation is a GREAT way of providing protection.  Pain in the ass for the framer and builder but screw 'em.  :-)  Eave vents are not allowed in wildfire/forest fire areas of California, so we got that right.  7/8" stucco qualifies as one-hour.  EIFS works, too, under some situations.  One-hour ratings only go in one direction, meaning, as an example, the type of insulation will not matter if you have stucco on the outside or 5/8" Type X on the inside, though something like rock wool will help with draft stopping.  Agree entirely with your steel framing deck.  Edit:  Forgot to add that most comp shingles are Class A.  Class A comp shingles are almost worthless in fires such as these (hence several lucky homeowners saying their houses survived due to pure luck).  You need metal or concrete with the appropriate underlayment to survive.  I've seen too many houses burn here in SoCal to say otherwise.  Great info in your video.
I think any area prone to fires should probably have stone patios instead of wooden decks.
And here come the green Parties in Europe forbidding „stone gardens“ around houses! It has to be green (and combustible, idiots!).
Australia....we add this to our gutters to keep them blocking up from leaves build up plus keep ambers from burning.....
We cant build houses with bricks because we have been building houses with wood for a long time......  How about outlawing wooden houses in high fire risk areas.  You know, like how you aren't allowed to smoke while filling up at the gas station?
Actually..the fire has the right to choose under instructions the Almighty Creator!
Unwander if somthing like a perimeter mini mote and a metal fence inboard of the mote surroundng an entire property would be an effective wildfire soloution. Simply dousing the perimeter of your property with water could greatly help also.
This was so great! Saving for my husband. We’re not in a wildfire zone, but it’s very scary to see what can happen even with a neighbor’s house accidentally catching fire. We have loads of upgrades to do soon, and will now do with fire in mind for sure.  Seeing comments on benefits of masonry or concrete & curious about earthquake safety, as in NorCal that is often our main concern tbh, even ahead of fire (ok along with fire, but earthquakes tend to be top of mind.) Do we need to make choices? We have “earthquake proofed” our one story stucco home, and we’ll be focusing on fire safety now, so I’m just curious what folks think about options that address both issues.
Fire in hell is beyond compare
good afternoon from manila
Build in brick or stone like we do in U.K. with with concrete or slate rooves.
you know this is just reminding me of when the workmen set fire to the roof of my building, I live in the UK my building is about 90 years old I think, I never really thought about it,  its brick my windows have metal frames, the ceilings and floor are reinforced concrete,  the entire roof went up because they set fire to the felting on the roof, it was like someone threw petrol across it and then threw on a match, it didn't take that long for the fire service to put it out but about 5 flats got flooded and we have thermal cracking in the walls now.  if my home was bult like USA homes it wouldn't be here now.
I will never buy any house built with wood with my money.  Money is easy to find in America, but we here in Africa build with bricks, whilst they call us poor, our homes are far costlier than theirs.  Why are the same things coming to them every year and they're not learning anything. GOD has nothing to do with this, its the lack of knowledge or the follies of us men.  However, I feel really sorry for those who are in losses and pains at this terrible time.  Please, build with cement bricks. Stop taking folks so called scientific instructions. They won't work.
Could Concrete or stone Built houses withstand Earthquakes ? Are  Wood built houses better in Earthquakes ?
HAVEN'T YOU PEOPLE READ THE STORY OF THE THREE LITTLE PIGS 🐖🐖🐖 and the big bad wolf 🐺⁉️  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_True_Story_of_the_3_Little_Pigs!   "Writer Bruno Bettelheim, in his book The Uses of Enchantment, interprets the tale as a showcase of the capacity for anticipation and courage in the face of adversity, symbolized by the wolf. According to him, the individual who is content to prepare themself as the first two pigs will be destroyed by the vicissitudes of life, and only a person who builds a solid base can face such hazards. He viewed the tale as a means of telling children that one cannot always act according to the pleasure principle, and must submit to the reality principle when life demands it. He exemplified this point by observing that the first two pigs valued gratification rather than planning and foresight as the third pig had."  -- Analysis from https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Three_Little_Pigs
Thanks for your worthy video. Let us be like a good Samaritan rather than criticising. We feel you like another human let us find time to see more damaged small hearts. Show the opportunities ahead of them. We need not to cry for the spilt milk. Let's be brave enough to face challenges. Thank immensely for the firefighters.
Only in America still use wood to build houses the world use concrete
I live in LA. Thank you for making this video and for not bringing politics into it. I wish people would wait until an independent investigation is done before making assumptions about what happened.
I recommend googling for "Black Saturday Royal Commission Final Report". This is from the big bushfires outside Melbourne Australia 10 years ago. The Commission did an extended inquiry and many very good recommendations on how to build more safely next time.  It would be totally relevant to LA too. James Hardie is an Australian company remember. We build very similar.
I strongly recommend to have a look at how houses are built in Europe. This may not eliminate all risks but it is a much better basis …
Why do Americans build houses with wood and not concrete and metal roofing like we do here in the Philippines?
It is high time to prioritize excellent choices and decisions in raising building standards. This includes higher architectural and structural design quality, well-engineered products, preventive and effective utility systems, updated building codes and community laws with strict implementation.  May all victims of fire --and other calamities find the strength, resilience and support to rebuild their lives.
They  save GOD.  Because   they believed that GOD is  there  around us ...amen❤❤❤❤❤❤
It's Gods protection
Lots of useful advice for easy and cheap measures - 5ft barrier of non-combustible materials, no shrubs etc around the house should be doable for everyone. Watch the videos of guys driving around Palisades during the firestorm - you can easily see how brush and trash catch fire first. If these are in close proximity to the houses, they light up next. Beats me how you could not implement such measures if you live in such a high risk area.
I am  from Kenya, We build our houses with stone walls, concrete roofs and have metal windows and doors for outside. We use wooden indoors for doors and cupboards. Our traditional African houses are built with clay mud, and made smooth with cow dung. the roof used to be grass but now changed to iron sheets. Fire does not spread beyond one house because of concrete and stone.  Psalms 34:18 Amen
"REPENT FOR THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN IS AT HAND, Receive JESUS ​​CHRIST as our PERSONAL SAVIOR"! When we commit SIN and DEFECT, we give our DEMON ENEMY the right to mess up our lives and give us any problems and illnesses, PLEASE let us only hope in GOD, FOLLOW THE TEN COMMANDMENTS OF GOD, try to LIVE IN CLEANLINESS and HOLINESS in this temporary life, Only in JESUS ​​is our HEALING, SAFETY, and ORDER, always PRAY and BE CAREFUL! ... Please Stay SAFE! and May GOD BLESS us always! 🙏❤
there's two wild things i learnt about the US in this past week 1. their houses are made of wood 2. they pay for ambulance. wilddddd
If the allum wheel melted why didn’t the window and door frame melt?
1st house that we bought in north California was make of concrete. Concrete do not burn.
Thank you so much for this video. Our home is just 3 miles WSW of the huge Eaton fire in LA. We were evacuated, but thank God our fabulous firefighters kept it from spreading through our area. I can’t say enough about how wonderful the LA firefighters and the firefighters who came in from Canada, Mexico, Texas, Colorado, etc. are and how HARD they worked and are still working on these fires. Your video is so HELPFUL. We are lucky that our house has a tile roof and is brick and stucco. But there’s still room for improvement. We are going to firescape our landscape, as well as look into all of many things you pointed out. I’m so grateful to you.❤
100 miles an hour would be a category 2 hurricane. Katrina was a 4/5
isin't atlas the bomb shelter building company.... i remember they usually video their jobs and show it off and make sure not to reveal the locations and the weak spots of their bunkers of their customers and just show off the main part of the build in video and just drawing renditions of the ventilations and solar panels or such weak spots.....
Easy to talk
"We're in America. We've been building with wood for years..." It was as recently as 1666 that London was still building houses with wood. Some of them are still standing. Wonder what made them change the rules...?
This is the warning of living God
The fire didn’t touch Tom Hanks house because it was so damn ugly.
After the fire, I got on Google Streetview and "drove through" the Palasades area.   What I saw were houses in very, very close proximity to each other.   Also, a lot of the houses, in an attempt to create a privacy barrier, had tall vegetation that grew literally, next to the house.  There is a video making the rounds of a Joe Rogan episode from 2024 in which he relates his experience in LA and how he had to evacuate his house three times due to wildfires.  In an omnious note, he also related that a firefighter told him "One of these days, we are going to get a fire in the right place, with the right winds, and it is going to burn all the way to the ocean and there will be nothing we can do about it."  And yes, the political climate has much to do with these fires.   They don't allow proper land management such as controlled burns to clear the undergrowth.  They don't allow power companies to clear the right of ways.  These millionaire hownowners don't want to look out their windows to the hills and see fire breaks.  Saw another video where a news program reported that officials had detained 60 fire trucks from Oregon because they didn't meet California emissions.
This is an Australian story about how even a Tiny House can be made fire resistant. Wildfires are the worst though. https://youtu.be/l2FyCO9FJ-s?si=IUiQTRjzhEbvDxCa
Why do you build with woods in the US? Countries you call third world build with concrete.
I'm in Santa Cruz California, and our house is in a HOA of 12 houses close to a forrest of redwoods, pines, oaks and what not. I was looking for ways to improve our defensible space and your video literally shows several ways to do it. Thank you for posting this!
Because of the hurricane force wind the fires moved very fast and burned quickly. I saw a house at the top of a hill that survived the fire and the hills and homes around it were all incinerated. The 85 year old homeowner pointed out a row of Oak trees that act as a 'wall' against the flames because it takes a long slow burning fire to ignite and burn oak. Encircle your home with Oak trees if you're on a hill known for wildfires
In Victoria Australia the entire state is considered a fire zone. All new houses have to have a fire safety rating and are designed and constructed with fire in mind. All the information you need to design a safer home and fire resistant/retardant garden is available at the Country Fire Authority website.  cfa.vic.gov.au
It is indeed devastating what happened, but, since how many years these fires are reoccurring? Was this not already an over and over warning?   The solar storms are going to increase,  climate is going to create much more havoc in the coming years. We have to be prepared and learn from this tragedy.
I live near the Oakland Hills firestorm (1991). I used to walk through those hills all the time before the fire.  Afterward I went there, and it was crazy that amid all the devastation, almost all the houses obliterated, here and there would be a random survivor house.  No apparent reason.
Tom Hank's house didn't burn because he's part of the child trafficking cabal that set these fires!  He is a disgrace to humanity, torturing children for adrenochrome, along with most of Hollywood
Can I also get a Tom Hanks home? How does one get a Tom Hanks home? Shouldn't it be Tom Hanks' home? Americans sure as hell love to use apostrophes when pluralizing (they shouldn't) but seem to want to skimp on them when they would be required.
Thank you so much for all this great info and the kind pep talk at the end.  I am grateful because I’m getting ready to do an addition to my house here in the “red flag warning” zone of LA County!!  Thankfully the fire didn’t spread to my area but I’m not taking chances with the materials I will be using.  We sure had heart and sent donations to the hurricane and tornado disasters in the rest of the country and now appreciate the love and caring for our area.  ❤️❤️❤️
This is important.
Every time you mention chat GPT I end the video.
Nothing related to mocking god...
Gosh this was like twice as long as needed
Insurance costs are going to make the increased cost of fire resistant construction affordable and heretofor unbuildable lots buildable.
Underground concrete construction with tempered windows and automatic metal fire shutters would make it absolutely bombproof
That is a genius design I mean the stucco that’s that’s survived hundreds and hundreds of thousands of years tens of thousands of years.  That’s what people like made stoves out of so that’s a really good material.
Hmmm stick built, vinyl windows, palm trees, tar paper roofs.... what could possibly go wrong 🤔
Great info.
Hanks is not who you think he is...his house didn't burn because it was exempted from the D.E.W. protocol by design...he is part of NWO, build back better, buying up property for pennies on the dollar, etc.  Time will tell all.  😶‍🌫
What kind of paint to use on outside of the house.   Metal siding should not burn.
When people replace their rooves they were supposedly suppose to put in fire proof shingles, and other house frieproofing.
Yeah, doin de right things.  Where was dat????
This is Newsom's fault.   These lost homes decimate Newsom's tax revenues
The demo structures didn't have lasers trained on them...the defensible structure is of course a good idea but....also why 80-100 mph Santa Ana's in Winter?  Don't gaslight us.
I just have one question for those criticising those in California for living in a house made of wood...  Would you want to live in a house constructed out of ANYTHING else,  if you had to sleep in it during a 5. plus earthquake?  😂 yeah...  Suddenly concrete makes a little less sense,  maybe?  The occasional earthquake is all we need to be concerned for in California.  This obviously was an engeneered and planned event.
in the uk we used to build using wood too but then the great fire of london happened and building regulations changed. This was after we colonised the US though so I guess lessons learnt take a while until it hits home.
Tom Hanks is a descendent of our former President Abraham Lincoln.. I'm not surprised his house is still standing.
Great video. Great info. We're about to need a lot of contractors down here in L.A. They're going to need to build better.
As I understand, the stick frame house was invented about 150 years ago in Chicago. While it has proven very versatile, I would suggest that a house in LA needs to be able to deal with Earthquakes, wild fires, and 100 mph winds, all at the same time, and as such, LA housing needs to be substantially different than something suitable to Chicago.
I don't care about the detail for it is done. But Matt is addressing we as the people need to prevent this happening again  I am a fire fighter going back in.
Don’t build in Cali, just because ya can, doesn’t mean ya should 😂. Calfire is a works program, that counters the bad forestry management that the state follows. That and waivers/exemptions for building in high risk areas. And then they blame the power companies. Most can’t afford the much higher cost of suitable fireproofing. And unless a custom build , what builder even comes close to.
in 2018 here in Monchique Portugal  when the wildfires came through, although only 50- 60 km per hour winds, we lost some outbuildings but our 100yr old concrete/brick house stayed intact!  however amongst the losses  were 4 refurbished alloy wheels with new tyres, all that was left were runs of melted alloy, nothing else, nor even the tyre wires! ..Chainsaws and strimmers  disappeared,  steel wheelbarrows gone!   We live in the country so no close neighbours, but we are obliged to keep 5 mtrs clear around our house, possibly concreted all around which we had, and no flammable trees within 25 mtrs of your house! Every home has to have a open water tank with min 10,000 ltrs water, and 2 hoses around your house, permanently attached !  ( although those proved useless during the fire!)  And indoors various hand held fire extinguishers!   This time there were  no fatalities unlike 2016 (160) and 2004 (34 fatalities).....even though 500 sq kms were burned to one degree or another!.......only 100 properties were lost, mainly because no-one had cleared the land around the house!......Today we are having more regulations passed about living in " wild-fire area`s!    Most are common sense,  but people and common sense often are not together!....
Hi Matt, Thank you. We live in the SanFernando Valley and watched as the Palisades fire tried to come down the hill into Encino. We are 4 miles N and realized any neighborhood was just one ember away from being the next news story. The wind was 80-90 mph for two days straight. Never seen that in my lifetime here.  Thank you for your ideas and leads. I’ll. Be replacing our vent screens immediately.  Great show!
When you look at Pacific Palisades in some of the aerial shots it's obvious that the houses are too close to each other. It's not really surprising how quickly they caught on fire.   As a Product Designer I often look at problems from a different angle to most. What is noticeably self evident, is that 'cookie cutter' houses really don't stand up to the ravages of fire or earthquakes. In particular, asphalt shingles roofing. Here in the UK roofs are traditionally clad in slate tiles. These last considerably longer than asphalt shingles, and are also both more aesthetically, whilst more importantly, fire proof. I dare say they will be the more expensive option, but if losing your house is the other alternative, then the slates win in my books.   Some radical design and architectural changes are needed for future building, to include both fire proofing and earthquake proofing. When the Paradise fires hit California, I sent an email to Gavin Newsom suggesting an idea for an independent self contained sprinkler and fire suppression system to be fitted to roofs. As you can imagine, they weren't interested.
Builders can make a home FIREPR00F!  I've seen homes built in Florida-TORNADO/FIRE PROOF!  My opinion!  Boca Raton, Fl.
Thank you for providing this thoughtful presentation on protecting homes from devastating fires.  Fires are becoming larger and more frequent.  The Tubbs Fire in Santa Rosa CA in 2017 also illustrated that homes in a large city can also be at risk of fire.
Watchin fr,Philippines❤
Sorry, but 100 MPH winds do not equate to a Category 5 hurricane.  100 MPH is within Category 2, and the winds much reach 157 MPH to be classified as Category 5.  https://www.nhc.noaa.gov/aboutsshws.php
how about lawn paint using chemical : carbon black high inflamable?
The WSJ has some excellent reporting on Palisades, Altadena, Sylmar, and Malibu homeowners who installed their own private fire reservoirs and fire water stanchions with 100’-200’ real 1-1/2” hoses. Also, there are folks there who have real Honda or Tecumseh water pumps they place in their pools. Some homeowners installed sprinkler systems in their roof peaks.  Many if not most of these homes survived. Also, Hardibacker, cement or gypsum siding with terracotta or metal roofing are a barrier to fire. Also, there’s homeowners who’ve hired their own personal fire crews with special equipment and expertise and they use those private reservoirs and pools.
Magnesium oxide board is very hardy and super fire resisant.
Today america still build houses using wood while others move to concrete.
Recently I watched a Mike Holms episode where they sprayed 'fire resistant paint' on the exposed wood in the basement. Any thoughts on that?
Creating building materials that are fire retardant, and those that burn are not toxic, especially the fire retardant.
Let's not mince words here my friend - I'm a lifetime construction manager and hands-on builder here in the U.K. - our POOR PEOPLE'S houses are built from concrete, bricks and have clay tiles or non-combustible roof coverings. Have a click on the Grenfell Tower fire to get a taste of how public react to a fatal fire.  On the other hand ( admittedly from 4,000 miles away ) it seems that you build homes for millionaires - like we build sheds. In fact, my local council made all kinds of stipulations on how I built a timber-framed office in my garden. And don't forget - this is England I'm talking about - where it p'sses down with rain 10 months of the year.
Sorry but Tom Hanks house would only be a success if the houses around him 360 deg were burnt down. The local fire seems to have started above his house and burnt up the hill. He was lucky where the fire started, and built at the bottom of a hill or mid hill and wind direction. Fires burn UP hills. I wish there were more lucky home owners - living the story of the 80 year olds that refused to leave and saved their home when all others lost. A terrific story.
If it were the year 2040 with all electric vehicles , would this fire been worse with all the batteries ?
Keep in mind these houses have to be able to survive Earthquake, Fire, Flood, and high winds.
So why not just build an ember proof, giant mesh screen, and figure out a way to motorize and put it into place with like a one hour warning? That way you don’t have to buy bits and pieces and have a huge labor cost to cover your house with the stuff you just becomes a dynamic emergency wallnow, of course the wind direction may not always be predictable. I get it.
If we have vinyl windows, which I think everyone moved to, what's an easy fire safe replacement?
Maybe ashfalt  ( oil) shingles and siding made of viynl (oil) and foam insulations is a very flamible idea. There's a reason stucco was used on dessert homes. Change the building codes for rebuilding in wild fire areas
That architect is about to be a busy man, all the rich will have him design their new home.
Has anyone looked into the Smart meters or smart products?
I expect a lot more homes would have been saved if owners weren’t forced to evacuate and leave them unattended but far more lives were saved by doing that. Houses are replaceable….
How come the aluminum on the car melted but not on the doors’ windows with aluminum? Blah. As they said red herring I remember years ago 50 something that in one of England’s stations while a soccer match it was a fire. Benches made of plain wood  even on top of concrete took fire. Because of the resulting g stampede a lot of people lost their lives even more were injured. We in communist poor countries of Eastern Europe were stunned. Our wood benches of our stations were treated with something special based on glass. Hey are fire retardant. Why people do not build cabins with logs treated like that instead of this  cheap but extra expensive match boxes. Why because the industry cares to sell more new cheap houses and insurances have to make $$. Nobody is human anymore.
The house that Greg built doesn't look as if there's a possibility of collecting rainwater coming off the roof. I live up the cost from LA (north of the 49th) where we have forests and increasingly hot & dry summers, so water-use restrictions happen every year. My rainwater tanks make it possible for me to grow food.  Our local authorities,  insurance companies, contractors and general public need to get educated about this sort of thing. Thanks.
My heart goes to everyone in California, especially those who were affected by the devastating forest fire. We would have been in regrets if this happened 2 years ago when we heavily invested in Real Estate in California. We only have a property left there, sold the other 2 when their prices were at it's best (Unfortunately, one of the 2 sold houses went with the fire). I thank God for Katherine Ann McGrath whose initiative it was to diversify our investments.
03:36 am i the only one who cringed thinking he said "let's look at a cow fire video" 🐄 🔥?
How come the aluminum on the car melted but not on the doors’ windows with aluminum? Blah. As they said red hering
Concrete houses are great in hot climates but not very nice in cold wet climates.
Looks like a hospital, ugly, but still standing
Its interesting that the garage behind the house to the left looks untouched.
That still does not explain how the house I was watching behind the newsman looked just like a thick carped of ash. No metal stove in kitchen? No washing machine and dryer made of metals even melted? But ,lo and behold the 2 plastic tall plastic bins near the charred fence survived in perfect shape. PLASTIC RIGHT NEAR A BURNING FIRE?  Something smells fishy!
I’m a longtime architectural designer,  designing of house, and the materials will affect the ability for to survive a fire. Also paying attention to the area around and the fuel for a fire makes a big difference.  It is a two prong survival technique.
It's interesting that grass originally evlovled to burn down trees to create space in forrests....
You guys need to check out how Australians build their house.  There are specific rules around fire rating materials that must be used and we have regular burn offs to reduce ground cover materials.
Not sure why you think that could be wood siding, the Inside Edition clip you placed at https://youtu.be/yZe-TlYxm9g?t=508 clearly stated that it was stucco.
My Dad always installed his own custom - made -timed- -cost efficient dew level output underground sprinklers at our homes.
I’m wondering if the side of the house that looks like wood is actually on the north side of the house rather than the east side of the house. Santa Ana winds were coming from the east so not having flammable materials on that side would have been crucial to preventing the house from burning. I feel that people who live in flammable areas such as mine, which is the Pacific Northwest, don’t take that into consideration when they build their houses. They just throw up a house. They don’t think about where the prevailing winds come from they just try to build a house so that it looks nice. There’s so many ways to do both but use  trees in certain areas to keep your house cool but keep it away from the defensible zone, etc. The same is true I think for California down there. There will always be Santa Ana winds, and unless we can figure out some sort of giant mist producing pumps that are at the base of the mountains to keep embers from burning while the winds blow, I think most of those houses need to be rebuilt just like this guy did. You can make the inside of the house look anything like you want however, the outside should be non-combustible as best they can. I would think that insurance companies would be all for that because they never again have to spend billions of dollars to replace houses.
WTF, having the "gas meter" in the front of the yard, next to the street?
All I keep hearing is aluminum. Do we not realize what aluminum exposure does to our bodies. Let's do that & have Alzheimers explode; worse than it already is. OMG
Hopefully these lessons will be taken into consideration and that building codes are adjusted accordingly to avoid so much loss and heartaches.
Siding is probably a cementitious product.
GREAT!
One way I heard that some of the people who's houses remained  was that they covered the vents of their attics. It prevents all the embers from flying in and starting a fire from the inside. This is one of the main ways a house catches on fire during a fire like such.
i'm surprised those millions of dollars buildings on fire  are not made of concrete? in my country, Indonesia, most buildings in the city made of concrete so when  fire hit it doesnt burn down the building to ashes.
Thanks Matt.  Lets do better next time.
This was an excellent show,  a much needed presentation.  I'm thinking about moving to Florida and I got  some very useful information on wind resistance materials.  Keep up the great work!
i worked for a company here in canada that makes siding thats made to look like wood, metal, bricks, all kinds of different types to mimic the real look of something so very well could be that type of product
Quit building houses out of little wooden sticks.
If they come with idea of automated retractable fire resistant fence to  cover the entire house from natural disaster ( fire and winds/hurricane).
I literally went to their site and downloaded the checklist. Think this is good for people who dont live in places that gets wild fires, but just every day knowledge if someone's house just catches fire.
@17:08, good luck getting the average mass housebuilder to adhere to any of those safeguards.  For them, it's all about money - building as cheaply as possible and then walking away.   Unless people can afford to implement ALL of the recommendations, building in a firezone must be prohibited.
At 7:36 you show the 6-month-old house next to the burned out house and car.  What about the white garage structure behind the burned-out house?
I did a Google Street View of different parts of LA and noticed many things like you did, wood fences going up to home, plants overgrown right up to house. The roofs can be changed to fire resistant roofs, plants cut down around homes. The wood fences even with a special coating, I can't imagine them handling a fire so likely they will need to go. Without insurance company or government mandates I bet many still won't do these things and will cross fingers again until the next time. I did see some videos having a sprinkler system around home that can spray fires out around the perimeter.
What kind of build can withstand DEWs?  Some say blue roofs?
which lake is that
The 60 minute clips were inaudible
Matt🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶, I have been following you since I moved to Austin, almost 20 years ago❣ I have always impressed by your passion☀ and commitment to building in the best way possible.    Since I came from another part of the country, it was so easy to harmonize with so many of your conclusions, ducting in these "furnace"🔥 attics, just being one☝ of the most obvious . . . 🤣😂😹  But I have to say that this video🎥 and another that you did recently have demonstrated (to me) how your actions and your intentions are absolutely Divine (and I mean that literally).   You have taken this absolutely horrific experience and somehow found a way to approach it from the perspective of "How can I respond to this in the best way possible (that is available to me)?"   "How can I utilize my personal strengths and passions in a way that I can respond to this in the most beneficial way to all-that-is?"   This is a worthy, wOrThY goal🥅(imo).    You are incredible because nothing deters you from your objective of building not only beautiful, but functional homes🏡.   You learn from your mistakes AND from your successes.   And you strive to learn and improve from the mistakes AND successes of others.   And then you not only apply what you learn. . . You continuously evolve and you continuously share in a respectful way what you learn.   And I see no limit to your journey.   I love❤ your passion.   I love❤ how you put your passion into action.    I love❤ how you share it.   I love❤ that you opened a dialogue on how beauty and function does not have to be separate and how when we (as humans) self-recognize that and act upon it, the negative effects of this type of experience could possibly be lessened.   I am inspired by you.   I aspire to live my life as you do - not necessarily as a builder (because that is not my passion) but to live passionately that which I am passionate about.  I love all the people chiming🎶🎵🥁 in to this dialogue📣 and the momentum🌪 it is generating.  I love❤ the 2nd home you highlighted and (to me) I feel it actually wasn't just "luck", even though it is not possible for me to know for certain, but I suspect that the home that remained standing, was the home where the builders placed the greatest amount of effort and intention into fire 🔥resistance🚫, as they made choices👍👎 about how to build🛠🗜🔧 that particular home🏡.   At least for me, I feel the Source within us, rewards our intentions, even if they are not perfectly executed.   Just like we do with children as they are learning.   Effort and Intention go a long way in terms of outcome (in my experience and observation).  Thank you🙏 Matt👏🎉🎊🥳   Thank you🙏 to everyone who is chiming🎤 into the harmony🎶🎵 of this video🎥.   So many shares🙌 on how we as humans CAN conceive and build🔧🔨 homes🏡 that are not only beautiful but functional as well.   And that there are humans that are already doing it.    If I haven't said it enough or expressed it clearly enough.   Thank you🙏 Matt Risinger👏. Thank YoU🙏🙏 Matt Risigner👏👏 ThAnK YOU 🙏🙏🙏 Matt Risinger👏. You are a gift🎁 to our world🌎🌍🌏.  Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh🎉🎂🥳🎈🎊🎁. Oh and tHaNk YoU🙏 for giving me this BeAuTiFuL opportunity to write a Love and appreciation letter 💌 because I love ❤ love ❤❤ love ❤❤❤ writing those too🤟💛💛💛💛💛💛💛🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
In the surviving house, Notice the gas meter is outside the concrete wall. Nice to keep fuel sources away from the building
👍👍👍👍👍
What was the potential upfront preparation time? Was there enough time, to run with a weed-whacker through the yard and swoop everything towards the fence? I guess 5 hours are needed🤔
Why is there so many trees still standing around total lost..!!?? 🤔
I watched an Australia channel a while back (about a decade). In the Outback people go to extremes to build fireproof houses. One built his dream home out of core10 steel with a massive rock and water feature as a perimeter, with a baffled air supply. This home was in the midst of a eucalyptus forrest.   That house was designed as a fire shelter for him and his family in the face of a bushfire, in s place where bushfire is normal.  One has to wonder why California’s building code is so useless in the face of seasonal fire and winds that serve as bellows to a furnace.
Talk about the forest, pine  is a time bomb and grass that aren't palatable for animals  is a recipe for disaster.
1962 video on the Brentwood fire. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxnC1WW95XE
🇧🇷🇧🇷🙏👍 Com 🙏 DEUS 🙏 Não se brinca. 🇧🇷🇧🇷🙏👍
Wow this makes me rethink all the flower beds in front of my house and the face on 2 sides of me is the neighbors wood fence.
Every year California is harsher and harsher due to high winds.
These passive fire prevention systems are excellent.  I'd also advocate for active fire suppression systems mounted on the exterior of the home.  Think pop up sprinklers for your roof connected to a swimming pool or cistern with pumps and generator to prevent reliance on city power or water.  We really do have the technology to create homes that would both prevent and actively put out their own fires.
Great video.  Appreciate you trying to help people.
I watched an Australia channel a while back (about a decade). In the Outback people go to extremes to build fireproof houses. One built his dream home out of core10 steel with a massive rock and water feature as a perimeter, with a baffled air supply. This home was in the midst of a eucalyptus forrest.   That house was designed as a fire shelter for him and his family in the face of a bushfire, in s place where bushfire is normal.  One has to wonder why California’s building code is so useless in the face of fire and winds that serve as bellows to a furnace.
The 83 million dollar house that burned above/behind Tom Hanks’ house was in Succession season 4. https://youtu.be/iVQhkDZS_Tk?si=2vbIhrezdESU5J8Z
I believe tempered glass is required in most jurisdictions of California, if not all.
Brick and mortar. Concrete and ceramic tile roofs. Simple. We have been doing it forever in the hispanic world. No house ever burns down.
Wpw sir!.... you look younger!... What's the secret?
Good video,👍👍👍👍
Santa Ana winds are a hot dry wind blowing down from the deserts, not a cool wet wind up from the ocean.
Excellent video!  Thank you for your presentation.
GOD DID THIS FOR A REASON !!!!   OR BLAME THE POLITCIAN FOR WATER ISSUE ..
Possibly California obsession with building energy efficiency standards should include increasing fire resistant designs.
Brick built houses, fire breaks and water tanks and swimming pools to drench the houses.
That fence is a Firewall Sir.
Way back when '80s maybe? The Oakland California fire destroyed a bunch of houses. Sad sad sad.
Not for the poverty stricken goyim
I am a German and living decades in a America.  My entire Germany living professional family history consists of graduate engineers, architects, including a construction company with over 100 years of experience.   What you are explaining, Mr. Risinger, is absolutely correct.   We in Europe, especially in Germany, Austria and France, have the highest rules in fire protection and building regulations, this is due to history because of many wars and firestorms after bombings.   Houses must be spaced at least 4 meters or 12 feet apart, with one Level Houses, more levels more distance.   Fire protection zones around the house made of walls or fire-resistant materials and fire-resistant outer walls of the houses made of stone or concrete, roofs must be made of at least fire-resistant materials, preferably metal roofs, tiled roofs or concrete roofs, but interior walls must also be fire-resistant....   There are also technical fire protection separation zones in town planning so that fires cannot spread over large areas.   Water systems for the fire hydrants are separate from the normal water supply system for the population.    In Los Angeles the authorities did pretty much everything wrong.   I spoke to those responsible behind closed doors.   Los Angeles has 2 water reservoirs, but they have been calling for repairs for years because they are defective.   And then there is only 1 reservoir.   The water supply has not really grown with the city.   In fact, 7 water reservoirs are needed.   But politicians have been rejecting this for decades.   Then there was a water shortage because the reservoir was empty because a lot of water was needed. How did this happen.....   Terrible but simply the result of political mistakes.   The reservoirs are supplied with water via pumps from rivers and soil, but one of the rivers was diverted for green reasons and flows unused into the Pacific because a rare species of fish is to be re-established in this river.   The result was that the tanks could not be refilled quickly enough.   Another reason in the city planning was that new fire protection corridors were rejected and existing ones were released for building land.    The result was that the fire was no longer controllable, particularly because of the winds and firestorms caused by the fires.   This meant that the fire was able to spread unhindered and reduce entire districts to ashes.   The government failed where only one could fail, and it shows what happens when there is a mega-earthquake in the Los Angeles area.   Hundreds of thousands will die and millions will lose their possessions.   Because if a government in a fire and earthquake area cuts millions of dollars from protective facilities such as firefighters, ambulances and critical protective infrastructure, it should not be surprised if a disaster occurs, and for the potential victim it makes no difference which government is in power, whether Republican or Democrat.   Fires must be nipped in the bud.
A chimenea is a fireplace in Spanish. It's not a special type of fireplace.
Dragging it out.  Get to the point.  👎👎
I am still fearful, though for the Hanks home, as fire has removed all plant life from the surrounding burnt lots and there now isn't anything to stop erosion of the steep drop around the house.
I live in South Florida, in a large development built between 25-35 years ago. All of our homes are steel frame with stucco exteriors, to withstand hurricane force winds. No wood. When Hurricane Andrew hit in 1992, my parents lived in a cement block home built by two engineers who stood the blocks up tall and in direct lines/rows instead of laying down and alternating position every other row, and had plumbed each block by hand. While all of the trees blew down, the house didn't budge and did not have even the tiniest bit of damage.
Why can’t we have a sprinkler fire suppression system for the outside walls of a house?  Like a ceiling system except on the outter walls of a home.
Xxoo
Respectfully, the Santa Anas are nothing like a Cat 5 hurricane, whose *sustained* winds are 155mph. Never mind the speed of the gusts in a Cat 5. The Santa Anas are 40-60mph sustained winds with gusts of 70-100mph. The best analog would be a Tropical Storm which has roughly the same sustained wind and gust speeds. These are not hurricane force winds as the newscasters keep saying just because the maximum gust speed of the Santa Anas exceeds the minimum sustained wind speed for a Cat 1.  I lived in SoCal for 11 years and SE Louisiana for 12 years and I've experienced all of this up to a Cat 3 (in my youth ... I evacuated for Katrina). The winds of the Santa Anas are not comparable to a hurricane, even when ignoring the moisture content just as there's no comparison between a tropical storm and a Cat1 Hurricane. You ride the storm out, you leave for the hurricane.
Can you imagine all of the dirt he has over Hollywood. You people are really stupid to think that his house didn't burn bc of the craftsmanship. Stop being dumb.
Here in South Africa, local government typically disapprove wooden home. As a result, these are in a vast minority.  We typically build with baked bricks and mortar, and this does reduce fire risk.  In informal settlements, which aren't legal, there's no building code, and fire engines just can't get in to quench shack fires.  Often, when there's a fire, hundreds or even thousands lose everything, and they typically aren't ensured.  Calamitous. I prefer a proper masonry house. We also see that new roofs often get blown off during Cape storms, but centuries-old properly constructed roofs sit unscathed.
@Matt Risinger - 2:11  - in this point you are absolutely wrong my friend - there is no such "fire resistant wood" on our planet invented yet that can withstand aluminium metal melting temperatures!   The proper fire-resistant house must be  built from proper concrete and not even steel used (at least in wall structures not used steel - only in roof and insulated in concrete) - and even steel as steel structures melt - look at aftermath on those burned houses where steel structures used in building - they either bend or melted!
Trun off your blamethrowere everyone and just build back better Make them all underground concrete bunkers with skylight and steel covers. Fire prrof should be the new ultimate status not fine finashes and million dollar view, but resilience and survivability. No more disposable wood frame homes!
Absolutely right. Do like to share this video regarding building a fireproof houses, please.
IDK about you but I'm not that fond of "smart meters"
We also build with wood because it’s cheaper. Plus, the technical aspects of building with concrete are more complex. More planning and materials go into concrete structures. Plus, you have to future proof the structure for items like future upgrades or items that can fail over time like pipes. $$$$$ True, if you have the budget and the space on the property you can mitigate or prevent the impacts of natural disasters.
Why does tom live in a hotel
These are all very valid and sensible advice. But how do they become law???  Many advise from here are so obviously to be in place/installed to prevent further damage at the next fire. Experts havd to have a look at it and then it must be mandatory for each building because you are not alone. Your damage can inflame the next houses.
As a European I really don’t understand why Americans keep building with wood and cardboard instead of real materials. Tradition is no excuse.
for the stupid "demo" was it necessary to burn the plants?
Psradise fires were exactly the same
The maximum temperature of burning dry wood is 600 - 716 Fahrenheit. The melting point of aluminum is 1200 Fahrenheit. The deciduous trees next to the completely burned houses and melted cars are blooming with their greenery. A truly interesting forest fire.
I bet these fires wouldn't be so devastating and spread so much if houses in the US were built out of brick/concrete instead of piles of sticks. I guess it wouldn't even happen then
2025 & we can’t figure out a good building material.   Remember we fly to the moon 🌖
doesn't explain why the white structure beside it looks like wood didnt burn and green trees
Historically this was one of the reasons London was rebuilt with bricks and clay tiles after the great fire as rocks don't burn nearly as well as wooden buildings with thatched roofs.
I can't understand why in teren like los Angeles building house from woods. Like in Macedonia only Concrit houses 🏘️
When the rebuild commences only a minority of smart owners will go down this path, I fear the majority will fall for the ‘once in a lifetime fire’ BS spiel…..I’ll say it again, spend 1 % of the property value on a fire suppression system and you increase the likelihood of the property withstanding a similar event, not to mention protecting lives and reducing insurance premiums.🇦🇺
Yes, you built in wood for centuries, but... A) Much less populated areas; B) techs improved (and not all are applied today in wood construction; C) we have alternatives today (not necessarily concrete).
This is what you get when you mock God.
there was a fire up here in Canada a while ago where the fire crews had to count rows of houses in order to set up to save the homes, because they were burning so fast
In the Bible, fire is a powerful symbol that represents God's presence, judgment, purification, and guidance. It appears in the Old and New Testaments, and is used to convey deep spiritual truths about God's character.
So much heartache for you all. So much lived experience here downunder.  It is terrifying. These fires are igniting in winter at low atmospheric temperatures. 30 something years ago the fires in our Adelaide Hills were determined to have resulted from high winds causing live power lines to arc. These were not downed powerlines. They were still secure on the poles. The resulting sparks start spot fires that spread. To stop power lines arcing you need to turn off the power. When you turn off the power you can not operate water pumps from grid power, regardless of how much water is available. As we see, once started fires in high winds continue to spot, are persistent and lethal.  But 30 years is a long time for the lessons learned in Adelaide to have sat on the shelf. Not to downplay the climate change imperative, please assess your response to this current emergency and the significant part the electricity delivery infrastructure has played. 'Build back better' based on upgraded building codes and energy efficient underground power supply is theximperative, it is achievable. It offers a secure, insurable future.  The ownership and energy your community brings to effecting a remedy is the stuff of  legend. Take the electricity grid out of this fraction of the climate equation. ❤
People act like rigid materials are not compromised in fires. You could have a concrete home still crumble around you and bricks blowing apart all the same as wood burning.   It's about redundancies and preparation. Unfortunately many don't. Unfortunately many other were just unlucky no matter the level of prep.
Most houses in la are basically wooden shacks
I told my husband it should be a law that if your in a fire zone your home should be stone walls and steel  roof
Back in old times , London was burned down and then it started to build brick house instead of wooden house! LA shall build more concrete and brick house in the future like china and Germany and I’m
For just $20 per month from each home/business owner they COULD have been IRRIGATING the ENTIRE AREA with an inch of “rain” EVERY MONTH, for the last SEVEN DECADES.
Bushfires something Australia knows about. After our fires we came out with the Bushfire Attack Level (BAL). A good resource (gov research agency) research - csiro - au/bushfire/ Of course need to check for local conditions - we don't have Santa Ana winds, so downhill winds aren't a thing - so upslope winds for us a more of a worry than downslope. There is a calculator for the BAL level so make sure you adjust for such differences.
While some homes survived the fires, it begs the question would you still want to live there? For the next several years you will have construction noise, contaminated soil, contaminated air, blocked roads, possibly no electricity, water or sewage, no garbage collection and god knows what else. The only good thing is your personal possessions might be saved but much will have to be thrown away.
Watched from Old Harour Jamaica, very informitive.
You need to stop Building with wood as deforestation is causing most of the global climate change. Cape Town has exact same conditions but we build with bricks and mortar, mortar and concrete… this would never happen in this region with same weather conditions and vegetation.
The reason London is stone built. A few years ago (1666) London lost 2rd of it's buildings. The then King Charles 2. made a rule that all rebuilds were made of stone.
The wood looking siding could be the concrete siding that looks like wood. I saw a video on youtube where a family used this type siding. Looks real but totally concrete.
.. so you tell us : continental solid house building is superior to US-paper house construction?
I have a question.  Bomb survival shelter.  I think that in such a rich area, there must be bomb shelter.  I wonder how these installations fared from such a fire rage. It's quite the scenario if a NBC attack would caused. If so. There might be build mistakes in bomb shelters as well as the furnishings and fittings.
hi from NSW australia...this document from the RFS is really usefull, yes this australian but will apply just as well in the USA . https://www.rfs.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0005/174272/Planning-for-Bush-Fire-Protection-2019.pdf
I used Boric Acid treated wood to prevent insects,mold and slow fires and added extra on cross member fire brakes before closing walls.  I added 3 feet of crushed rock around the entire base to prevet lower walls from  being covered in splatter and dirt from rain or sprinklers. Fire sprinlers are required for commercial buildings and seem to be cheap for roof installs compared to the loss of wrole homes. Also, I used "green" gipwall for the bottom 2 feet to prevent mold from water damage from leaks in my building projects. The house I live in now has a tile roof with metal framing and is all concrete with side walks around trimmed yard.
Don't build your houses out of wood in a wildfire zone...it's not rocket science.
BBC UK has another video of fireproof house standing well, Karina Maher and Michael Kovac, an architect, built their Los Angeles home with fire-resistant and sustainable features.
A lot of the trees in the burnt out area seem to be eucalypts which are a terrible tree in a fire because of the oil/air mix causing a fire storm that you cannot outrun. Deciduous trees like oaks, elms ash are much less flammable.
I saw a pic of a 8-9 million dollar house in Malibu beach I believe houses on each side burnt down but the house didn’t have any damage whatsoever. It was mainly build of concrete.
Just build brick houses
I would not rebuild in those areas. The weather isn’t going to get any better.
Why the plants do not look like burned in front the house as well? But the trees on the right and left side showed burned?
Matt, the first thing that I noticed from the TV coverage from a helicopter flying over row upon row of burnt homes was how big the homes were and how much of their lots that they covered and how close they were to each other so if one went up, the fire, radiant heat and embers would leap easily from one to the next. There was so little space between them, what you are calling defensible space. Don't people think fire safety. A good point that someone else highlighted was that the firefighters or an automatic system, should shut down the home water and gas supplies in such a crisis not at individual homes but for an entire street or suburb. Plus the fire hydrants should be on a sperate, distinct pipe network. Apparently the demand for water was so high but 1,000s of homes had free flowing water coming from the burnt out piping that the fire hydrants were starved of supply. Something to consider when the rebuilding starts. From Australia where everything burns when it is hot, dry and the wind gusts. Such a horrific tragedy, those were firestorms.
Unprecedented winds……..and absolutely incompetent decisions, prior to the fire, by local government.
The British learned some with the Great Fire of London in the 17 hundreds. Don’t build your city mostly of wood. They changed their building codes. Hasn’t burned down since.
I just need to tell you something from my own perspective the 2 homes survive because the  hands of GOD protected that homes. The owner are Christians with an intimate relationship with GOD. That makes the big difference and their is a testimony of their life that will GLORIFY GOD'S WORKMANSHIP. Hallelujah...Amen
Roof ballast is also used to multiply the surface area so water evaporates quicker and helps alleviate water damage that flat roofs are prone to.
No matter how much coating or chemicals you use to make wood and paper walls fire resistant, it still is wood and paper. Plastic isn't any better. Use 'ash' instead. I mean things that are made of oxides, like Silicium Oxide and Aluminum Oxide. That's rock, glass, concrete and ceramics. These materials might crack but can't ever burn. They keep the heat of a fire on the outside for a long time. Metals are also good but different. They won't crack, but they are not good at keeping the heat outside. And as the video stated, some metals melt at a temperature low enough to fail in a wildfire. That's my opinion. I'm not an expert. I just know a little bit about chemistry.
It's still an ugly brutalist mansion.
Build ICF.
The mesh screen has been used in the maritime industry for years, fitted on the fuel tank breather pipes to prevent fires igniting fuel vapours in the tanks.
For sure😂
🇵🇸 Free Palestine
You need to get an engineer to make your guesses actual realistic dynamics of fire prevetion. Your just guessing.
Thank you. We've read such divisive comments from residents from other states, attacking California. Your video done with compassion feels like there's hope still for one United States.
Do you not have embermesh in US? Asking from Australia.  Not sure how much brick will help if roof and window isn't secure against ember attack, double brick construction is standard in perth and those homes still get reduced to rubble. Leaf matter in gutters ignite and get into the roof and the heat and collapsing roof structure degrades the mortar and whole thing comes down. Gas cylinders and inverters on rooftops (rooftop solar panels) also are very explody, everytime i hear a boom in a fire here i feel sick knowing someones house has just gone up. (We live in 'catastrophic' fire zone and had a few bushfires reasonably close).
Interresting it seems you dont have fire retardent rules for buildings as a hole and for the use of materials every time something is changed at a house?
We're remodeling my house. A few items checked off from the list you presented. I have questions to ask my contractor in the morning. Thank you so much for the information!
Americans build with sticks and paper and then wonder why the house blows away in a tornado and burns in a flash in a fire.
It was a DEW fire.
Syukur la Rumah Tom  hank tidak terbakar…. Mungkin ada ramai yg lain pun bantu org palestina tapi rumahny habis
Don't build houses with wood. Use concrete, brick, and metal.
Because he support gaza
Hope only cement homes are rebuilt...
They also used All Risk as a defense company & Clore Fire Retardant around the structure to minimize the risk!
What's wrong with people?? Do they not know who Karen Bass is??? In 1983 the Capitol was bombed, This bombing was carried out by a left wing group called the M19.  The M19 was radicalized by the South Los Angeles Venceremos Brigade was found by Communist Democrat Los Angeles Mayor, KAREN BASS!!!!!
Don't cover without making sense
Bummed I'm hearing this from you so soon, the ashes haven't  hit the ground! Love you're show its going to take a while before I can watch it again...
This is the third major firestorm that I have watched in my lifetime and, thus far, the only one that is, without a shadow of doubt, far worse than the first two incidents without feeling the smoke or heat.  I’m not making light of all these fires, they are so deadly that I couldn’t imagine what sorts of health issues might affect those in the extended community not far from the center of the disaster.
I think he said the the sides were stucco.
Just remember that there is another problem - lessons from Australia - if your home survives it's not over for weeks as in old homes tree roots burn from metres below the home and also embers can sit just smouldering for days.  So this happened to a friend - they came back after the fire and all was OK - just like your story on the architect designed home above. They went and stayed with friends that night and came back the next day and their home was gone.  It was caused tree roots below still burning.  If he had of stayed he would not have lost his home!  One other thing!  No Aussie eucalypts aka gum trees nearby.  They explode in fire like fire bombs.  My Aunt had the only surviving house in her mountain street in the Ash Wednesday fires for two reasons - she had clean environment around her house and deciduous trees - elms and oaks - which not only sucked up the heat around like a heat sink but were so effective two fire tanker crews stopped there right in the bush fire front for protection as even the very air was burning in what we call a crown fire.  It was also a timber home and the crew found two timber stumps burning below it.  It was my Aunt's day!  What a horrible time.
I contacted my senator in Cali about pushing for building with materials that are naturally fire resistant. I've already heard him on the radio doing so.
Was foam insulation a big contributor to the houses being more flammable?
Right, Like Katrina the levees breaking was man made.
Free Palestine, your big-mouthed President wants to show hell in Gaza in threats before his inauguration, but God loves Palestine more, God has shown a little hell in LA, I hope you think clearly this is what you will see in Gaza, you are making a mistake by supporting genocide in Palestine, supplying weapons and other aid. May God show you a power greater than this if you still feel the best, for those who commit injustice, Allah will show you what God's revenge means, Allahhuakbar
Thank you for the reference to Psalm 34 - we should all be more familiar with it!
I would like to fnd out the front siding Greg used.
Connecticut here
3 little pigs my home bricks and concrete it’s still up yo
Regarding glass, wood stoves with glass doors hold up fine against heat and fire.
Can they live there though with the environment around it right now? Desert scaping also cause heat island, if planting on the roof provides fire protection lawn should too.
,  sorry to see so much damage for u guys, in Australia we have a b.a.l. rated system its very strict, and if u build in a bush fire zone u must comply. No exceptions,Plus u must have either an escape plan or safe place in case of fire.
Great Video.  What is that screen type material to protect from embers entering soffits?
Toronto, Ontario just decided that building 18 storey highrises would be faster/cheaper to build and most of us regular people are terrified at this building code change. I understand for a unique hotel but not for mass-producing buildings. Terrifying.
American should start building brick 🧱 houses like the way we do in Zambia 🇿🇲 Africa n pray to almighty god for protection
Revelation
I hope they rebuild the houses more fire resistant.
The house also protected the houses and trees on the right hand side of it.
Both of those homes were really ugly and so was the landscaping. IF you have to do that to not catch fire why would you want to live there? So don't have live plants around your house, no trees, but your house survives. Move someplace else to another part of the country where fires are not prevalent so you can have life on your property.
This is my idea even what kind of material use for building a house if the natural desaster hit the country everything is useless how about the typhoon Yolanda happened here in the Philippines new building collapse, engeneers dont rely to your education skills if God send his wrath,
I’ve heard mention of densified wood as a potential way of reducing the risk, but not being a professional in the field, I’d be curious whether it could really help?
I guess that the extra sad and unexpected part was that ylthe fires xame in winter. In Australia we ate constabtly warned about vei,ng reafy for bushfires, even in major cities. Our houses tend to be constructed in full brick or brick veneer or Hardiplank rather than r. Peopke are warned to clear gutters & growth away from houses. The bushfire designated zones now gave much tighter building requirements including steel mesh etc. We tend to have metal screen doors and window screens to take care of insects so they skso help with flying ash. Hiwever the most recent gires were devasrating as tbe trees literally exploded and then tbe dpatjs were xarried forwards on high winds over great dustances. Our Aussie firefighters would normally be volunteering to fly over except that they're on call or already fighting fires here. Our houses have eaves here to cope with sun & heat with roofs usually being tile or metal. I hop that we can all learn abd share from this. Thanks for this thoughtful vlog.
build with brick and concrete like Europe? also great for hurricanes,.
sorry but german AI is a NoGo
Unya napilian ka
This is really an outstanding video and an incredible public service. Thank you!  I live in Silicon Valley in a neighborhood with an HOA with very strict guidelines for appearance, including cedar fences. We have lightweight concrete tile roofs, but I worry about the fences and the engineered wood siding.  I'm definitely getting those framed soffit vent screens when I am employed again, and am going to strike up a conversation with my neighbors.
Hempcrete and none of this would happen.
Reinforced concrete is the solution, heat, impact, wind, earthquake and weight resistance. The fire might affect windows doors and interior but the structure will stand under any of this circumstances if is properly designed.
God bless you for making this video!
New King James Version And Jesus answered and said to him, “Do you see these great buildings? Not one stone shall be left upon another, that shall not be thrown down.” Mark 13:2
As for the rich in this present age, charge them not to be haughty, nor to set their hopes on the uncertainty of riches, but on God, who richly provides us with everything to enjoy. They are to do good, to be rich in good works, to be generous and ready to share, thus storing up treasure for themselves as a good foundation for the future, so that they may take hold of that which is truly life. 1 Timothy 6:17-19
All these fires are making me leery of our vinyl siding replacing the aluminium siding that was hail damaged,
The Lahaina fires were in August 2023, not “last” August
if wind blows burning debris on those houses it won't matter
Let me guess, the lasers were not programmed to hit those locations. Or someone told him what to do because these fires were coming.
Let me guess, the lasers were not programmed to hit those locations.
I’ve been a builder since the pyramids and I approve this message.
ONLY A PRAYER FOR FORGIVENESS TO GOD AND HEAVY RAIN FOR 1 DAY CAN EXTINGUISH THE FIRE IN LOS ANGELES.
There's a picture of the fires in Hawaii after the Lahaina fire. There was one or two houses in a  neighborhood that didn't burn down. When looking at the before and after pictures the houses that survived the fire didn't have a lot of plants near their houses. The houses that had a lot of plants on the property were the ones that burned down. I know having landscaping can make a house more attractive and comfortable to live in but I would forgo the landscaping if I live in a fire prone area.  BTW. A guy had rebuilt his house in Paradise, CA. Most of the town had burned down from the Camp fire from a almost several years ago. He rebuilt to the fire resistant standards and one of the insurance companies that had cancelled many policies had started to insure a few houses in Paradise again. But they  must build to that fire resistant standard. The guy was got insurance that had a very reasonable cost.
Two words Fire Mitigation!!!!! California libtard politics at its finest
Cheaper to buy insurance,especially if the state subsidies it.
In 1995, Florida changed their building codes after Andrew crushed the state.  Post 1995 homes survive hurricane winds and elevated homes near the water survive storms surges.  Why hasn’t CA done the same?
Guess the question is why has it taken so long for Americans to have this conversation! Thought they would gave learnt for our experiences in Australia!
I can tell after 2 min listening your blind to the true Agenda
https://youtu.be/UxnC1WW95XE?si=XfnW8q_yScqHg5NA YES, learn from the past, PLEASE !!!
That could be cement wall siding, with a wood grain form and coloring to make it look like wood.
Application of intumescent paint all around the house could probably do the job of protecting your house against fire.
I'm in British Columbia, Canada and will be starting to build my fireproof house this spring. I''m building out of hempcrete, a mix of hemp hurd, water and lime. Hempcrete also has a 1 hour fire resistance rating and it's non-combustible. I strongly believe all future homes in fire prone areas should be built of hempcrete for it's fire rating and because it draws carbon from the atmosphere making it a great choice for a Net Zero sustainable build. Building a fire resistance home and one that is safe for the planet, and for me, is my top priority.
complete 5 foot clear around the house??? FIRE WILL NEVER SPREAD IF YOU MAKE A 5 FOOT FIRE STOP GAP!!! AMERICA YOU ARE A JOKE!
Install a sprinkler system on the roof of houses
10 ft protection of a matchbox house....what a joke California fire standards are. In south of France the fires are much smaller but its illegal to build wooden houses and you require 100ft minimum of complete protection
Great video! Timely information. Thanks for the scripture too. 🙏
Well who's next,.... Only the Lord Knows, Haven't we learned??
Unfortunately, the far left government that controls California at every level is beholden to the radical environmentalists who believe that any removal of dead trees or flammable underbrush is an affront to “mother earth” and is unacceptable no matter the risk to the human population. This cult like behavior and belief system permeates every level of government in the state of California. They are completely disassociated from logic and reality. They think that forcing people in electric cars will somehow change the wind and weather patterns that have been in existence for thousands of years in this area. Nothing is “unprecedented”. They simply cherry pick the observation period.
I saw some video a few years ago about defensive strategies.  Use a fine mesh-bug screen on vents to arrest sparks & ambers. Foil around the bottom to reflect ambers blowing against the home.
State Representative: Feeling the Pain State Representative Paul Baumbach, who also co-sponsored HR143, said the tragedies illustrated in the documentary were terrible. “It’s a very sad movie, and it talks about an extremely painful practice. It’s going on, and it tells the human story of the families and the friends that are affected, and the numbers are staggering,” he said.    State Representative Paul Baumbach  Representative Baumbach said this documentary helps people understand an ongoing and painful crime. “I feel very connected to the pain. And the scale of the pain is just, it’s very hard to fathom. So every time you learn more about it, it’s just more and more shocking,” he said.   U.S. Senate Candidates: We Need Action Two U.S. Senate candidates and two state representative candidates shared similar views. “It’s actually astounding and infuriating that these types of egregious human rights problems are going on in China, and that we are aware of it in our country, and that we are not addressing the issues,” said independent Senate nominee and former State Senator Dr. Mike Katz. “But we fail because of the influence of money. It’s very concerning, and we need strong leadership in this country to step forward and to deal with it immediately.”   Independent Senate nominee and former State Senator Dr. Mike Katz  Senator Katz emphasized how the film revealed the true nature of communism and its harm on humanity. “It’s been a slow infiltration of communism mindset in this country. It’s occurring in our academic institutions. It’s the influence of money coming in from overseas that is teaching our students not how to critically think, but what to think. And that is very concerning about the future of our country, but it’s been going on for several years,” he said.  Senator Katz said he has always been aware that there were human rights problems in China, and he called on people to become aware of the issues and not just stand by.  U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hansen said he was shocked when he heard about the forced organ harvesting in China which is supported by the CCP. “It’s just such a tragedy, and the fact that the world doesn’t know about this, the fact that you’re drawing attention to it, is very important,” he said.   U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hansen (right), with Falun Gong practitioner Cheng Peiming  Mr. Hansen said the abhorrent crime of organ harvesting must be ended. “Get the word out, please, because it’s such a huge issue that’s being unaddressed,” he stated.
Remember the story about the "Three Little Piggies"?
Awesome 👍
Build in weaponed concrete, earthquake and fire proof. Wooden houses we in Europe got rid of hundrerds of years ago.
I have been working with fire retardant materials for several years already, here in the Philippines we had been devasted with fire, earthquakes and storms everytime too. Solutions.. We make houses in concrete, our roof in stone, our landscaping away from the house, with water feature surrounding the house and walls with metal, stone or even simulated wood but steel designed structures and tempered glass in 9cm. thk. Even on to perimeter wall we use gypsum 6-9cm thick or even marine boards and trusses in steel frames.  Our gates in stainless steel perforated pattern and our floors in stones too. In Dubai I have designed Banks and offices with glass with liquid foam 12mm. Thk. in between that when hit with the certain degrees of fire, it will explode but won't damage the glass at all and floors raised in metal especially on hubs for computer equipment and also uses double tempered glass with vertical blinds incorp in- between glasses with 6 and 9mm thk tempered glasses . Never use any wood if not treated with atleast one hour fire retardant paint and material.  Use polyurethane, polystyrene or polysytherene materials. Exterior and interiors.
If these people can afford this zip code home,  they can definitely afford to fire proof their homes  If not, they can always sell their 4mil dollar house and move to a middle class 800k like normies  These are upper middle class people, not poor lower middle class. This isn't Bell/Compton  No sadness at all
While having immense sympathy with the situation in LA, I feel that Americans have often despised the UK for our 'tiny houses '. In the UK our homes are smaller, because there is less land to build on, but mainly because they are more expensive due to their construction.  We sacrifice having more space for solid buildings that are more robust.
If i lived in a high risk fire zone, i would install a garden sprinkler system on the roof. $100 wallmart.
Great information, awesome to hear solutions offered instead of criticism
Microwave
First you have to know, USA cheap build plywood houses are way to overpriced.
Don't underestimate California rain. You can get that 20 inches all in one week.  If it comes after a bad wildfire season then you get catastrophic landslides in addition to the usual flooding.
In the Palisades a 70yo man stayed behind, and with a regular garden hose put out the spot fires as they began, thereby saving both his own home, and the homes of his two neighbors on either side.  He said one fire truck in the neighborhood could have put out spot fires as they began, and saved most of the houses, but there were no fire trucks responding.  It's telling that the three big fires began SIMULTANEOUSLY, as can be easily seen on high altitude imaging videos - virtually impossible naturally.  When the Palisades fire began an attorney called it in, but there was no response for over 45 minutes!!!
Wonder if the homes that were not damaged have utilities now, and how is the smell around there?
Lived in Lala Land since the late 1950s.  We have fire season.  The area has Fite since before man was here.  The natives learned to live with the fire.  By time I showed up there was massive infrastructure for fire fighting and we did many of the right things to prevent fire spread.  Where I lived in the west San Fernando Valley, there were brush fires o  empty lots and the undeveloped hills.  Dad would put sprinklers on the roof the rental house.  When dad bought his 1st he put in a fire hose bib on the high pressure side of the water supply.   We kept a hose attached with a nozzle.    When dad a swimming pool in the back we filled the pool by shooting water over the roof. When I got to High School if I observed a brush fire nearby I would The Fire Department and grab a shovel to suppress the fire.  Latter when the hillside would burn my friend and would take shovels and help fire fighters on the hand lands.  They never sent us away.  There is a lot you can do to save your house if you prepare and practice.     A friend of mine who lives where the Eaton Canyon fire had fire sprinklers on his roof and stayed with his house and saved it as well some of his neighbors who were in range of hoses.   I fortunately live in a town in LA County that has good infrastructure  and top rated fire department.   The fire chief is not only competent, he cares about people.  The police chief is like fearless Fosdick and likes to mix it up the criminals.    Many of us in Lala Land have a policy against evacuation.   Of course you better be prepared if decide to stay.
Nichiha panels in the front?
75? Latest number was 25 people confirmed dead.
Yola guys you don't use cement, you use wood and here in SA our houses is 100% cement and steel and iron
What's the Australian company that makes the mesh? I don't think you mentioned the name or provided a link.
Even if a house survived it could be years before utilities are available again
The term “unprecedented” means there is no precedent.  It means it has never happened before.  In this case there are plenty of precedents.  Nearly all forested and brush country west of the Mississippi has the potential for cataclysmic wild fires that in some cases can evolve into Dresden-like firestorms.   The Great Fire of 1910 for example burned 3 million acres.  Other fires of that era included reports of fire tornados.  The 1988 Yellowstone fires burnt over 1 million acres within the park and the adjacent lands.   People need to understand the dangers of building in fire prone areas.   Rule number one should be “even if it has not burnt in 100 years, it is still fire prone.”   The time since the last fire is only a measure of the amount of fuel that has accumulated.   Forests grow and develop over periods measuring 100’s of year; some trees  - such as Lodgepole Pine even require fire for their seeds to germinate.  Fire is built into the ecology and is an essential part of it.  Humans only think about the 5-10 years we will own the house.  Until we change how we build in these areas we will keep having these “unprecedented” tragedies.
How this billionaire couple stole California s water supply. You Tube PLEASE WATCH
Stop using wood. Dont be fools. Use cemento, metal, rock, whatever. Building with wood, in a área like that, is a stupid thing.
In the aftermath my concern would be for the rain that will surely come.  Nothing can protect from a landslide.
I saw a video yesterday of a house with a metal roof which was the only house untouched in a neighborhood where everything on the street was completely demolished by the fire. I think it was up in the Palisades , but I don't remember for sure. I wondered if the metal roof was responsible for saving the home.
My nephew is one of the fire fighters heading to Southern CA to fight the wildfires.  With that said, Oregon sent firefighters and equipment to fight CA wildfires and CA turned them away because the equipment doesn't meet CA emissions standards. Dumb.   CA doesn't have enough fire fighters or equipment and yet they turn away help.
PLEASE ACCEPT JESUS CHRIST NOWWW,HE SAVES
And to think that more regulations and codes are going away very soon. Good luck all
Did they have blue roofs?  Biden said it himself that they had the wrong roofs
The builder of the second house said he used stucco  outside walls and a metal roof.
I've rarely seen a people as stubborn as the Americans, all those folks died, people lost their houses, and still, those houses are all going to be rebuilt out of combustible materials... It's just crazy!
Those videos of test houses being showered with embers is probably from FireLab in Montana.  https://research.fs.usda.gov/firelab  Check out the Videos section under the Products tab.  There are a couple more sites that can do this kind of research now (tied into insurance research), but FireLab has been doing it the longest.  I know there is now one in California and one that is east coast.  The ember generators are the obvious trick, but they also have a system to  mitigate all the smoke you get when you burn a house down.
Amazing post. ‘Wildfire Prepared’ can utilize this building design to spread the word. FEMA could build similar structures to assist those who have lost everything while they rebuild. At least they will feel safe after such a horrific and devastating loss.
You are not the smartest cookie in the jar, that is for sure.
im  an interior design i think the house is made wood tiles front view and they put fire walls  on the both sided cement wall and i lived in the philippines.
I would want a small sample test of any unexpected product...
I downloaded this. Even though my selected language is English  and the video in YouTube plays in English, my download plays in German. Ach du lieber!
It's actually pretty simple, stop building with sticks and spit , clean all the crap around your house
There’s a type of concrete siding that looks like wood siding, because the company uses rough sawn wood as the form for the concrete.  I’m guessing, based on what he said about the materials used on the rest of the house, that it’s concrete siding on the front.
Unfortunately many of the homes in Palisades were 40 to 50 or more years old. Just because some were remodeled doesn’t mean they were more fire resistant and in fact using all the synthetic materials inside out would probably make them less fire resistant.  There was hardly any space between them and all that dry vegetation, patio furniture, wood fences and other elements contributed to this disaster.  Also, since fire needs oxygen open roof vents would create suction for the embers to easily get inside the house.  One couple (both in their mid 80s) saved their house by constantly hosing it down with water. They also planted oak trees years ago at the perimeter of their house. These trees hold lots of water so they don’t burn as fast.  Not sure if it was mentioned in this video but the house to the right of the brown house was demolished before the fire so that could have helped a lot too.
And better not to do deforestation on hill areas , and much better if houses made somehow far from hills and forests... And then ofcourse fire proof materials in house building very obviously lol (govt officially must have made compulsory to use fire proof materials) so many natural and man made factors... Not to forget water storage for emergencies.. 👍
Matt, you should not have touched this subject
if the Lord cared, he would have to stop the fires from happening in the first place
What is the definition of insanity.. to make the same mistake over and over again without learning.
You have failed to address the "Elephant In The Room" of the severe Black Char marks on the Pony Wall (Fence) and the SUV, both NOT being combustables or surrounded by combustable. I'm guessing the Gas Meter would have been a perfect target for ignition.  We've been shown this type of evidence on fences and vehicles being struck with a "Direct" heat source leaving an anomolous charred spot raising the heat way beyond what occurs naturally as evidenced throughout Maui.  Your Photo speaks volumes!
Florida is next
Thank you for your common sense and engineering driven approach.
So interesting! Can you access our building in Gaza
Remember that California has earthquakes so blocks don’t work here.
1 Corinthians 3:12 - 15 !!!
Don’t forget about the prisoners used for firefighting
This is an interesting related story. At the Golden Globes the night before, the host made several insulting jokes about God. I'm not saying that God did this. What I'm saying is that you're playing with fire when you make disparaging remarks about the builder of the universe. Somebody is going to say what about the innocents that lost their homes? My response would be that everyone is connected to that industry in some way, be it catering, electricians, plumbing, carpenters, travel agencies, amusement operators, and more.
VW buS Survivor!  👍👍👍
Build with concrete like the majority of homes outside of USA
Why not just use fiberglass (or whatever it's called) or magnesium oxide boards ? I'm not even gonna ask about bricks or cinderblocks
Fireproofing is great! Let's get go'in! Woooo!
I watched an earlier video, that showed the first house. The homeowner was present as a local fire department arrived & put out the fire to the house next to this one. That's why this house survived. Review the scorch patterns on the perimeter fence to the left of his property next to the torched vehicle. It's pretty clear, the fire was exterminated.
That Ah miracle hous
FYI, 100 mph winds is a Category 2 hurricane. Not a Category 5, which is 157 mph or higher. You can google these figures very easily.
Natural fires don’t melt glass.
Thank you for such an informative video
Don't forget the incarcerated firefighters!! Many of these men have been finding redemption and being treated like human beings for the first time in decades. Hasan Piker has an interview with some of them I think every American should watch, it's heartbreaking and beautiful at the same time
Hooray Matt! What a great episode! Just exactly what people need to see now. The firefighters deserve all the respect in the world.
Awesome video Matt. I lived in Lahaina and Anaheim and so sad what happened in LA.
It would be good to report on the use of blue roofing to prevent fires. IYKYK
So Tom Hanks' ugly house survived did it - even though the one right next door was burnt to the ground. That's one hell of a selective fire.
Thank you for this info.  I really appreciate it!
Defensive space helps but in this case embers were flying very far and high.  Metal roof, stucco siding helped for sure.
If you add clay to exterior concrete stucco and paint with fire retardant that helps. I know is expensive, but what's going to be more expensive, rebuild or may be your life.
Time for new building standards.
ICF house going up as we speak.  I thank my forethought every time I hear about forest fires and hurricanes.
10:00 did you not listen to the video you played? Thats not wood. He explained what the house was made of and you didn't listen
You Americans live in big,wooden sheds ,no cement ?
That underscores a statewide problem: “We have all these homes that were built in places with pretty high fire risk during a period in which we weren’t thinking as much about the risk and during which the risk may actually have been less than it is now, because we know scientifically that the climate is making this worse,” said Judson Boomhower from UC San Diego.
What imbecile thought it was a good idea to build with kindling in a fire zone? Hey let's build homes with wood, tar paper and paper! What could go wrong? The home builders assoc. is also to blame for lobbying (ie corrupting politicians) to lower safety standards so they could make  more profit.
This was just GODs intervention for real
Where there are bush lots there will be fire, concrete & steel has its benefits
And suddenly, the architect behind Tom's house saw a massive influx of customers.
🍷🤔
Still trees and would burn.😮😮
I have an idea! Quit voting for the stupid democrats and their EDI BS.
Look at Jillian Michaels former Malibu home. It survived with little damage while the houses on either side are completely gone. Check out Santa Monica Close Up. He's been driving and e-biking around the burn zones showing what burned and what didn't.
Tom's home has solar power with no power lines attached. Everything wired to the grid burned. SoCal Edison is being sued and blamed.
Someday all houses in California will have perimeter fence as fire protection based on this experience
Safety and security vs Fire
The government facilitated this. 100%. Spending money allocated for maintenance on the brush not spent there, 90% of it diverted who knows where, no fire breaks, firefighting equipment sent to Ukraine, the reservoir was our drained for maintenance and no maintenance done, water diverted to the ocean from the mountains, fire insurance canceled all over the area right before, huge budget cuts to fire department, basic maintenance of equipment not done, hydrants stolen and not replaced,  unqualified people hired for quotas, arsonists running amuck, gas and electric not turned off after fires were started. Mayor Bass was in Africa on tax payer dollars?! How is any of that a mistake? No, it was on purpose and people need to go to jail.
Not a builder but I appreciate the information you shared.  Sending love and prayers to LA residents.
At 2:30 you said that we are in America and we have been building with wood forever... The video became dull after that, we have been compromising forever...  The reality is no matter what one does, a house build by insulation, pressed panels and some wooden beems is much more likely to burn than a concrete one.
Hi Nathe, I saw you with Linda G. I love your energy. I have subscribed. Thanks for everything.
Russia builds homes so that a fire within a room cannot spread to the next and remains contained. Building homes like this would also help. Insurance companies would then most likely be pleased to insure once again.
You can see trees in the area that survived the fire.    You can build a house to resist flying embers and a fire barrier to keep the fire away.
Another great video!!! Thanks Matt for all your work!!!!!!!!!!
Asphalt isn't a proper roof.
I build apartments and houses. Beautiful house, and proper materials for the location. 👷🖖
Everything have a reason   when disaster happens example we have to build concept homes from now on cause we reach tomorrow world we learn the best from a tragedy and be well👋🏼👍🏻
Finally, someone is talking about building with non-combustible material. Each wood framed house is a huge pile of dried kindling, 16" or 24" on center. If those homes were metal framed or masonry the story would be so different. I hope that the building officials will ignore the timber industries influence and mandate that all exterior walls, decks, stairways, and outbuildings be only masonry or metal framed. I suggested this when the Paradise fires occurred and definitely received some very negative comments from the logging community.
As an architect, it is clear to see the uselessness of USGBC, Building Codes, etc - where were the codes effective in all of the homes burnt down?… So much structure around the business of construction and money invested in the business of design and for what?… Ridiculous how pretentious people can be when what they have done is completely useless… In other countries at least it is known where money laundering is occurring when construction is involved. Here, we get lied to our face and need to put up with the lie. Thanks for this video!
This two hours is belong from christal family so simple you can understand 🙏
.....juuust imagine, not building wooden houses in fire/tornado areas! if only stone buildings would be a thing!, but noooooope, lets rebuild it ALL in wood again!, because why not? insurance will pay for it, riiiiight?! 🤦‍♂
I'm from Australia as well and as Jon Anderson mentioned things are rated at varying BAL(Bushfire Attack Levels). The numbers in the rating represent kW/m2. And range through BAL Low, BAL 12.5, BAL 19, BAL 29, BAL 40 and BAL FZ(Flame Zone).   Pain to humans after 10 to 20 seconds - 4kW/m2 Pain to humans after 3 seconds - 10 kW/m2 Self ignition of cotton after a long time - 25kW/m2 Self ignition of timber after a long time - 25kWm2 Self ignition of cotton after 5 seconds - 42kW/m2 Self ignition of timber after 20 seconds - 45kW/m2   Fortunately my  house site is largely surrounded by cleared land ~100 m or 300+ ft.   I have just completed my Bushfire Management Statement which came out at BAL 12.5 which requires specific construction methods for dealing with embers such as materials that can be used, the need to use mesh etc.  The following discusses various building elements and their requirements https://ncc.abcb.gov.au/editions/2016/ncc-2016-volume-two/part-37-fire-safety/part-374-bushfire-areas.  The overall standards come under AS3959  Our new regulations largely came about from special investigations into the Black Saturday fires of 2009 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Saturday_bushfires when 173 people died and over 2,000 homes were lost.  I nearly lost my brother, a firefighter, to a bushfire two weeks ago. Fortunately he is on the mend.  Last but by no means least my very best wishes to those who lost loved ones and their homes in the LA fires.
Only build with concret. Best solution against every danger. Climate is changing even faster by now. Its getting hotter. Means more wind and drought.
I think those screens would clog a lot. That is a problem as well, right?
is not super cold in LA concrete would make more sense
Maybe we can learn from ancient civilizations like India and China? They make survey of the location’s suitablity of the 5 elements….
Why you guys talking about architecture.It was so obvious the fire chose where it target to burn. The fire came from the sky, Allah SWT sent the fire. After this, so many USA people Will search Islam. Tom has been recognized as Palestine support actor.
Wouldn’t tempered glass windows be bad if a fire started inside the house? How would a firefighter break it if he had to rescue people inside
And nothing to do with building but a lot to do with fires & floods both of which I have at my new house . Run your computers off an external hard drive  and make sure all of your family photos, personnel documents and the like are stored on it . Thus if you have to evacuate you can put it in your pocket which is a lot easier than trying to shove the 25" screen & computer in your car along wit the dogs & cats & kids . Where every you get evacuated to , you can plug your drive into any old computer ( of the same brand & OS  ) so continue with your cyber life ( or work )
All this info is great but could somebody explain to me why all the trees around the burnt down houses are still standing and practically untouched?  Could somebody also explain why the houses burnt from the inside out? Honestly all this devastation that's shown and all the trees are fine! The fire was caused by DEW's. Paint your roofs blue like some did in Maui and remained untouched. DEW's don't affect the colour blue
NOTHING IS WITHOUT THE WILL OF OUR ALMIGHTY CREATOR!  SPEAK UP FOR THE OPPRESSED PEOPLE OF PALESTINE FIRST AS THE DUA OF OPPRESSED REACHES HEAVENS FASTER THAN ANYTHING ELSE!  IMAGINE SEEING LIFELESS BODIES OF YOUR CHILDREN UNDER 5  IMAGINE SEEING HEADLESS CORPSE OF YOUR BABY  IMAGINE SEEING YOUR CHILDREN CRYING WITHOUT A LIMB(S)  THAT IS THE REALITY OF PALESTINIANS ALL BECAUSE OF THE COMPLICITY OF AMERICA AND ITS PEOPLE  EMPATHY HAS LEFT THAT LAND LONG AGO!
each house that has a pool ... could have house sprinkles  attached for emergencies?
There is a company that makes house siding that is concrete but looks like wood.  Check out "Good Simple Living" to see their home with the concrete siding.
And… the watering system he had on… likely was helping cause the low water pressure, that made the fire uncontrollable.  Nice, he helped turn LA into an ash trey
Well as alot of Australians have commented, Australia has building coads for bus fire area, as of about 15 years ago i was surprised to learn that you had to replace timber decks with steel and non flammable composites, i understand many houses in the US have shingles, sounds like a recipe for disaster 😮
Maybe because of material used and the circulation of wind doesn't favor to it's locations...
Another Australian to add some more comments that you totally missed The radiant heat alone from a crowing gum tree fire can set a house ablaze from over 100 yards away and pine burns hotter than gum so you need to protect from both radiant heat and from embers . The USA knows how to construct a self cleaning roof , most of the ones above the snow lines are self cleaning and snow is stickier than embers so simple lines self cleaning roofs are essential. By far the best fire proof roof construction is steel over furnace mill board because it will not burn no matter what, even if the heat & wind melts or buckles the steel & it blows away . Mill board under tiles or slates will also work really well but it does add a fair bit of weight so stronger trusses or closer trusses are needed  Guttering needs to be metal and have a leaf guard of some kind to prevent leaves building up in them . Gutters also need to have a plug in the downpipe or a valve in the downpipe so they can be filled with water thus any embers falling off the roof land it the gutter "moat "so more gutter hangers are needed . Eave lining has to be furnace mill board so a fire up a wall does not set fire to the eaves then enter the ceiling cavity . Every house within 5 miles of a forest must have a roof top sprinkler system that covers the roof + at least 10' around the house perimeter and the best material for around the perimeter is grass using water from a rain tank . Wet grass is unbelievably fire retarding and it catches embers so they don't blow around  and accumulate in a corner , particularly if it is cut 4" tall . Having a lot of rainwater tanks takes a lot of strain off local water storage and if they have fittings for fire hoses ( mandatory in Australia ) then the fire department will always have 5,000 gallons available to fight fire on each house without touching the hydrants . Glass is a massive problem as a lot of houses catch fire because radiant heat passing through the window ignites fine mesh see through curtains on the inside of the house . The only safe thing is fire screens or shutters not much different to storm shutters , even those roll down shutters reflect a massive amount of heat but they can warp so be impossible to open after a big fire . Lots of fire proof glass from borosilicate to double & triple laminated but yes it has to be in either a wood or metal frame , metal for brick or concrete walls & wood for wooden walls . The mesh you showed ( there are lot of them ) makes excellent fly screens for windows & doors which will also can also double as a fire mesh .  FWIW I moved into the NSW Blue Mountains in the 80's and we could not get fire insurance then that was affordable so after sitting on top of the roof for 2 weeks with a hose in my hand I saw the light & fitted 2 large rainwater tanks to the house then a roof top sprinkler that covered the roof and the yard from left fence to right fence . This not only made the house very fire safe but as we do not have stormwater pipes in this area it got rid of the swampy ground around the adsorption trench and I used up to 1/2 of each tank for garden use & latter on toilet flushing . In high summer with 110 F days I turned on these sprinklers to turn the whole roof into an evaporative cooling system . The gardens around the house were shifted away from the walls and most highly flammable plants removed .Succulents & cacti do not burn . Net result . Every neighbours house , the 3 behind + either side + the 3 over the road all suffered fire damage while ours did not and the cost was about 2 months wages using 2nd hand materials with me doing the labour . I did of course already have a diesel generator because we lost electrical power as a regular occurrence . The other trick was I moved the LPG gas bottles to the front fence as the house was on bottled gas not towns gas . The gas man was over the moon because the block had a steep compound slope and he could then swap our bottles directly using the crane on the delivery truck .
Besides the Santa Ana winds and Mountain Wave effect, you've got homes mostly built in the 60s-80s and newer homes built on sliced up lots, so there is little space between creating a drawing effect just like your well made camp fire. Also, our local environment has evolved to incorporate frequent wildfires, often needing it for their  lifecycle. Unfortunately, policy has been to prevent almost all fires, so instead of frequent low intensity fires we get rarer large intensity burns. Policy has also allowed building homes into this environment and these tight canyons. It took my city nearly thirty years to get rid of all the wood shingle roofs in our city by not allowing their replacement and seeking funding for the few remaining ones.  That facade may be wood but it also might be fiber crete or woodcrete siding both are made to look like wood. We may not get alot of rain but when it comes it is torrential, hence our other problem landslides and flooded freeways.
Idiots in California erase 20 years of cO2 reductions each fire season.
LA fires where man made fires, just like hawaii.  Bet this channel is backed by Blackrock lol.  What nonsense propaganda. Direct energy weapons and blue roof homes all survived. Deveopers already advertising land and new homes. Moron
I agree, there is a lot to improve on a single home at the edge of a wildfire to keep it safe from it. City blocks burning in a fire hurricane, you only can prevent by totally  move away from wood as building material. The great fire of 1871 in Chicago spread and keep on for three days, only because the city was build in wood at the time. A factor recognized in the rebuilding of the city. Wood framing and cladding is a recipe for disaster. There are products like aerated autoclaved concrete (Blocks and panels) with proven high fire resistance to design for a building's envelope. Flat roof, no asphalt shingles will greatly add to fire safety as fire in dense housing areas is transferred to 80 % via the roof, especially by strong wind conditions.
No ,i dont believe anything except  Gods words .
Ae must …..we need 4 huge pressurized hose of water in each corner of our house  and make it in auto detect and spray itself beside  4 hose to hold manually and interior hose pressurized too …. This way our house save if only people are 4 to 8 present in actual, though  I wondered those celebrities that own palaces should have been having huge pressurized hose. And make it rain from outside fence to all over house , so that  flames can’t start, flames flaming dead on arrival … Ill keep them raining  hard on top of my house everywhere around. Installing them would only cost $5k or more (in one time that would secure your palace of any flames 🔥 I am sure..)        while this well to do people.. spend so much money on stupid things, SHOULD HAVE BEEN SPENDING SO MUCH FOR SAFETY.
Most of the house, is made of light materials like untreated woods, no fire walls and metal fire wall, they invested more in the design and appearance of the house, imagine a million dollar house made of woods.
is there anyone who wants to be friends with me..i'm lonely
I expect the architect of that surviving house is going to be quite busy for the next couple of years.
Fred Trump -Donald's father was a builder in New York.He didn't volunteer go join up during WW2,he built just good enough houses - some called him a slum landlord.  He built to the lowest standards to maximise profits  - history cannot repeat itself unless you don't want your everyday families go through the horrendous fire situation again. Adopt more stringent fire prevention regulations when you rebuild  - don't go for the cheapest alternative.  Make your home slightly smaller,but have cleared ground a round the buildings to guard against fires in  the future. Best wishes during the rebuild  - check out Australian Standards & fire preventative building materials and practices.  We don't always get it right,but we had quite the track record.
As an Aussie who has been through a bushfire 16 years ago when the mountain behind us caught on fire. The Bluff has no housing only bush and the 15 rural fire units made the decision to let it burn.We lost no houses as we had a helicopter dumping water on the land zeroing in around the lit Bluff. There is a lot to learn from the Australian bushfires and our reaction to recovery, And building codes. Our thoughts are with you all who are living through this series of fires,loss of life and property.
After seeing a tree fall on a nearby home from hurricane Hellen.  I have scheduled 8 trees around my house to be cut down  luckily I live in a state where I can do what ever i want with the trees on my property
Thank you Matt very respectable to the good people of California..
Truth….if you want to live in the west….this is the smart Pro active solution….protect your Investment
Aqui en Italia no se construye de madera ni siquiera para Los establos para vacas, gallinas u otros animales...ahora a la UE se les està ocurrido que son mas termicas però son mas efimeras.. y menos protegidas.. recuerdan la historia de Los 3 cerditos?
As an Aussie who has been through a bushfire 16 years ago when the mountain behind us caught on fire. The Bluff has no housing only bush and the 15 rural fire units made the decision to let it burn.We lost no houses as we had a helicopter dumping water on the land zeroing in around the lit Bluff. There is a lot to learn from the Australian bushfires and our reaction to recovery, And building codes. Our thoughts are with you all who are living through this series of fires,loss of life and property.
God's real graphics, not hollywood graphics, it seems to be sodom gomorraw devastation?😮 May be hit by asteroid or  aliens act
I process building permits in the City of LA for a living and the areas that were burned down are considered  to be in Very High Fire Hazard Severity Zones  (VHFHSF). The VHFHSZ abide by their own set of regulations/ policies that help protect homes in those areas against fires or at least to slow them down. A requirement is that all of the building materials that are used be non-combustible.
Category 5 winds start at 157 MPH
The fires in LA have been incredibly tragic, with so many people losing their homes and, heartbreakingly, their lives. While we can’t change what has happened, we can think about how to create a better future.  I grew up in a small town in the Midwest and completely understand the appeal of single-family homes. But for the past 30 years, I’ve lived in South Korea, where I’ve seen an entirely different approach to urban development. Here, new cities are regularly built from the ground up, designed for efficiency, sustainability, and community.  One example is Gwanggyo Lake Park, where I now live. It’s a “new city” with around 30,000 apartments (condominiums, as Americans would call them). The design encourages walking, with everything you need—schools, shops, parks, and restaurants—just a short walk away. Cars are hardly necessary.  This got me thinking: when was the last time the United States built an entirely new city? With all the space in the burned neighborhoods of LA, imagine the possibility of rebuilding in a way that could house hundreds of thousands of people efficiently—perhaps 300,000 apartments or more—while prioritizing safety, sustainability, and community.  It’s hard to capture in a comment how livable and pleasant these types of cities are, but I’m really curious: what do people think about this kind of rebuilding approach? Could it work in the U.S., or does the American preference for single-family homes make it impossible? I’d love to hear your thoughts!
Building cheap can end up costing way more in the end. The knowledge and materials to make homes (more) fire resistant have been here for many years if not decades. And the lack of planned, controlled forest fires in that region is crazy. Unfortunately, the only thing that surprised me about this whole devastation was that it didnt happen sooner.  Praying for everyone affected, noone deserves this.❤
Thanks, the video is really helpful
Non flammable roofs to start with is a no brainier and non flammable cladding also heat resistance glazing simple and not that expensive plus brush wood clearance as an absolute legal requirement in and around all houses
Here in South Africa we build with bricks and mortar (cement), clay, cement tile, or metal sheet roofing, and mostly aluminum window panes nowadays. Your buildings will not pass our building codes. There seems to be a lot of workarounds suggested to address fire proofing, instead of just phasing out wooden construction as a standard in the first place. Besides these bush fires, the same argument goes for your hurricane prone areas. All of the best there with this tragedy.
It beggars belief that folks in a forest and fire zone habitually build in wood. Presumable it’s a tradition that goes back to the early settlers?
My house is over 100 years old, its Australian colonial style, still hasn't burnt down after plenty of bushfires
Yugaaa empyerrrrnooo
May i ask if how strong are the wood houses in LA... because of limited water to distinguish the fire the house woods are burning in many days
I’m from Puerto Rico.  Our houses are built out of cement so they can withstand the hurricanes.  On a recent hurricane, I had 3 palm trees land on my house.  All that I heard was a thump.  Our houses don’t burn, only the contents.  My uncle had a fire at home.  They put out the fire, cleaned the room, painted the walls, and continued life as usual.
I came to learn about building tips.  Lost interest and left at four minutes.
Great video but did you really have to bring religion into it?
The paint people used on their property was highly flammable.  I watched videos of the heat igniting the paint!
For active protection  install a garden sprinkler system with gas/diesel powered pump and the largest rainwater tank/s you can fit. Verandas are deadly catch points for embers so construct from non-flammables like cement, tile, pebbledash and remove all furniture and ember traps before the fire hits you.
This is a on going problem in California
How to make your house fireproof: 1. Dont have any flammable trees near it (including felling distance) 2. Don't have any flammable material exposed to wind-blown embers. (Even through small holes or crevices)  Not difficult.
It's fascinating how much thought goes into fire prevention . Ember attacks, fire-resistant fences, and even underground fire refuges with oxygen—this is next-level planning. Makes you realize how much we still have to learn to protect our homes.
I'm unpleasantly surprised how badly are designed or build houses in that expensive neighborhoods that we can count hoses that survived at one hand. It doesn't take much effort and they didn't have to burn that many. In the Europe, almost in all countries we have pretty high safety standards for buildings. And they are build mostly from non flammable materials. So I think similar situation can't happen here. Last similar event could be find maybe in the 18.-19. century or during WW2.
The architect said it was concrete siding and metal roof.
Texas is hardly safe from fires, especially in rural areas.  Where we live, crop fires - especially hay - are normal in the summer and fall.  Worse in drought years, but a problem even in a wet year.  Even urban areas are not safe - parts of Brenham burned in 2011.  We build our home in a hayfield.  Steel framing and exterior with a radiant barrier between the steel and the wood framing inside.  It ain't the prettiest house in the county, but napalm would only damage our powder coat.  Ok slight exaggeration.  We used vinyl windows, and I don't have high confidence in the foam closures, as fire specifications were not available for the product our builder used.  I maintain a 50' mowed & irrigated perimeter, so I think we are safe from a grass fire melting the windows or closures.
Time Americans started building homes with concrete and fire resistant fencing.
The great fire of London taught us in the UK a number of things.. do not build out of wood  or inflatable materials. Do not build close together, have fire breaks with no inflamable material.  Recent tower block fires have reinforced the lesson about inflamable cladding. And wild fires in the country have reminded us of the importance. Of fire breaks.   Even with these precautions we still lose thousands of acres of wood land and brush lànd each year. And.  Some houses and lives are still lost.  Building in heavily wooded land will always be dangerous.. making homes out of wood and roof out of shingles is fatal.  Added to the fact that brick and stone built houses with tiled roofs need far less maintenance and last for hundreds of years.
I’d just move if the fire got too close and not return to areas prone to fire. It’s that survival instinct. Showing off the big brain
Talking talking talking😡😡😡 Bla ,bla,bla! 90 percent of the video,we have seen only  a man talking ..😳😳😂
I live in the ring of fire. Lots of earthquakes, very humid, and full of idiot people. So us architects here love reinforced concrete and firewalls. Would love easements and setbacks, but land is very expensive and prone to squatting.
Did he have smart meters with lithium batteries? There is another example of one house that survived in a burnt street and that was the only one without a smart meter.
The forth little pig built his house from concrete 🐷🐷🐷🐷
Ezt a videót minden háztulajdonosnak és minden leendő háztulajdonosnak le kell vetíteni.
Stop using wood.. in India we use concrete and steel
So your house is saved, and you get to live in a hellscape.
terrible German Translation... 🫣🫣 I can not listen... the real video is much better than the translation
well building a house with stick instead of bricks.....
Help!!!!
The habit, if it's truly not good, why not just abandon it? Wooden structures are clearly more fragile than any other building material, regardless of the reason.
I have been told that California laws contributed to the massive spread of the wildfires: things like nature conservation efforts which result in people obliged to put down mulch and are not allowed to clear brush around the house.  Guess what I would do if the fires were around my street corner...I would weed wack the hell out of those defensible spaces and for the future the woke/tree hugging council crowds can go to hell trying me to get me to comply with their stupid "conservation" laws...
Smart when did you finally say f it and took a gamble spent the time and money and got a royal flush when you came out on top by not having to drain your bank account instead drained your pool.pure genus.
In most African countries, we use clay bricks to build our houses; we only build our dog houses with wood. I have always wondered why American houses are built of wood.
Question is how much you actually gain from having the last House standing. You don't have any neighborhood left for years.
E os arbustos na frente, porque não queimaram? Estava ventando MUITO… e à 1.200 graus ao lado no carro, que também é de metal e queimava, mas os arbustos extremamente combustíveis continuaram verdinhos.
Climate change is real, and as the word itself says...! "Change" I feel that California at the moment seemed like Africa and its primitive houses made of wood and reeds mixed with mud, so vulnerable, so weak in the face of this magnitude of disaster. Then change the materials, cement! With wood inside! Small windows! In aluminum. And a wireless lighting system at the height of the palm trees, since they constantly rekindled the fire. We can no longer modify the wind, but the uses and customs can, unfortunately, my condolences to the affected families and that comes from respect and to wake up to these changes in the world
TY from San Francisco
The architect probably uses the siding made of concrete but made to look like wood.. saw on some homestead videos using that method and material.
The facade on that house is definitely not wood, probably some ceramic or porcelain tile resembling wood. No way would timber be it out uncharred.
Thank you! Can you link that sheet protector to keep the ambers away? Or please share what it is. 🙏
Jesus is coming soon seek him while there is time.
Fire resident house out of wood would be hard,
ave you heard of Hebal blocks This material is fire proof and insulating at te same time light weight little skill to place and resolves many issues amen
In areas where wildfires are normal, perhaps building predominantly out of brick and stone should be the norm, less homes would be lost. As for hurricanes, they'd resist them better, but it's the pressure differential that destroys those homes, unless you build your home like a bunker it's not gonna survive a really strong hurricane.
Yes, designs need to change.
https://files.dcu.nsw.gov.au/dpc/migration/bushfire-inquiry-submissions/0921-Christine-Finlay-20200601.pd
Defence analysts developed spreadheets based primarily on fuel loads to forecast deaths and injuries. Secondary factors in these forecasts of attacking the enemy were population density, topography and weather. These spreadsheets were major contributions to WWII Allied victory enabling the primary bombing methods - firebombs to destroy Axis industrial and defence centres. Only a weather change stops a firestorm. Firebombs create firestorms and as the WWII defence analysts established so long ago, nothing except a weather change stops a firestorm. Nothing!!! Changing building codes will make organisations associated with the paid fire hierarchy  more money. The only thing that stops a firestorm is reducing fuel loads to below 7.5tonnes a hectare or a weather change. The $billions spent in the futile fight against firestorms enriches paid fire hierarchies. Adopting their building codes will enrich them further.
I watch this from Middle East Exactly from UAE
Hi Matt, well done on putting this video out and assisting in driving this message being #WildfireReady. I work in wildfire management and my business partner and I did the Lessons Learned Report on the devastating Knysna Fires of 2017n in South Africa... and the same issues happened here with homes being lost. We stressed the importance of building correctly in the future... I.e., understanding the risk of location, vegetation types, construction materials and home vulnerabilities... and none of this was actioned... people rebuilt in the same way they had before. It is astounding... and the insurers did nothing to help drive behavioural change. I believe the key to people building #WildfireReady is insurers giving incentives when a build is done right and raising premiums when a build results in high risk. The engineer from Australia below is very accurate in his comment, it's the embers that cause the most risk to ignition in the Home Ignition Zones.
Just build concrete houses like the rest of the world.
Some old school knowledge: It is possible to treat lumber with sodium silicate solution (aka water glass), and it will have excellent resistance to combustion. Obviously there are limits to this, no piece of lumber is going to withstand prolonged exposure to high temperatures, but from my understanding it is extremely effective and relatively cheap.
I thought tom hanks paid plans to fly over and drop water his house.
"We've been building with wood for years".  Yeah, that's one of the problems.  Time to think outside the box.  🤡
This should be standard building code in LA County.
If you create a Defensible Space your house will survive. It’s as simple as that.
I guess they needed Hanks home to store all of Diddys videos and info
Hi there. First time on your channel but born and raised in southern California. Since 2008 I’ve been doing all kinds of swimming pool work. Maintenance and construction and plumbing etc. any time I do any pump and plumbing work I always always always put in a spot for a spot for a garden hose AND a spot for a 2” trash pump hose for this reason. Customers always ask me why and I say, “better to be safe than sorry. Protect your property. You have 20k+ gallons sitting right here. Make it work for you” and I was taught this by two old timers. It’s crazy that with all the pools we have, not a lot have any type of spigot at all. I’m sad for my town. But we learn and grow strong
They should use modern eco-friendly, fireproof, waterproof, and earthquake proof building materials to build their homes.
but flood is also a rising threat and wood cannot be made suitable long term for that (with today's approach)
Build houses with stones, rather than wood.
Knowing & caring are two different things.
Being european, l must say l don't understand the idea behind building stuff out of ply wood over a wooden construction. Our houses are concrete or concrete and bricks. We have fires too , but unless it gets fire inside they don't burn down . And non metal roofs are very rare , oddly enough it is often the technicaly illegal eternite, that does not burn.
The saved house was more likely saved due to the recent code adoption of 1-hour fire-rated eaves within 5 feet of a property line. Rather than creating a 1-hour eave, he removed the eaves on the property line side. That is why there are non-rated eaves in the front of the home, which he was not concerned with. This is minimum compliance to pass the plan check. Pure LUCK. It's a code requirement to keep the next-door fire not extending to your home. It is not the sign of a great architect. The fact is that luckily the fire did not hit the front of the property and the side of the property was protected with the current code model.
An entire private condominio was saved in viña del mar fires because they have this anual operation in wich they cleaned the perimeter of weeds and planted prickly pear on the sides of the terrain, all houses saved.  The same happened with lots of houses with agaves next to them. Is not that we can't have vegetation next to the construction, is about having fire resistant plants.   Firefighters visiting communities and supervising the cleanings of terrain are more and more common here in Chile and it helps to build resistance to fires in communities so not all houses are lost.
Have to look at the environment and ecosystem.   What large tree species are surrounding the structure?   Eucalyptus trees love fire 🔥 for regeneration and multiplying in the habitat and dropping seeds.  Some Americans say they are invasive.   My understanding is that California has lots of eucalyptus blue gum trees imported from Tasmania Australia long long long ago   Even worse is eucalyptus red gum. Great for long lasting construction timber without treating will not rot for decades and decades very expensive though but will ignite & long lasting red hot perfect for wood heating.   Eucalyptus tree species in nth & sth America don’t have an animal that feeds on the leaves like koala bears in Australia.   Foliage is denser in California   Eucalyptus Radiant heat is next level.   And never jump into a water tank. Radiant heat will boil you to death
❤❤❤❤
Oh are they actually rebuilding now in Lahaina? 😮😮😮😮
There are stringent building codes in CA for building in high fire hazard areas. Building products are required to be WUI complaint and meet Chapter 7a of the CA Building code or it will not pass plan check or get passed by the building inspector. Mostly impacts the envelope of the building, such as, siding, roof, eaves, venting, etc. All buildings, in these zones, even residential are required to have fire sprinklers. Once the homes that burned are rebuilt, they will have to meet these updated building codes. Not easy keeping up with the building codes CA, as many of them vary by region, coastal, earthquake fault zones, high fire, snow, and on and on. Topography and weather varies so much across the state, which is what makes it so nice to live there.
It should be the norm to build every single home and building to be fire proof here in California for decades. Our homes here are so expensive and made with poor crappy materials that arent durable.
We build only brick, mortar and concrete houses in our country. They don't catch fire easily from flying embers. Only risk is wooden doors and windows. These can also be replaced with steel or aluminum frames. Wooden houses are only built in Himalayan region, where humid climate greatly reduces the scope of wildfires.
This is a great video on a very timely subject.  Insurance companies have climate scientist in their employment who study the risks our climate challenges are creating, and they are dropping coverage because of our repeated failure to address the limitations of current building codes.  As you summarized, we need to heed the call to build better and smarter.
Tom Hanks house looks like build with european standards ...
Ok great but in the catastrophic event of ‘09 Victoria nothing changed in my area with residential regulations hit the hardest up the mountain. Commercial property however require dedicated firefighting water tank and pump equipment   It’s classed as a hot zone but it’s up to residents to do whatever they want to regarding fire fighting equipment and fire proofing structures, bunkers etc   Maybe now with new builds require dedicated water tank and fire pump for residential.   During the catastrophic event up the mountain ‘09  Melbourne regional a resident built a new house completely fire proofed certified with shutters sprinklers ,bunkers etc etc   His new build was no match.  It eventually collapsed
People in houses built to bushfire standards in Australia still die. Similarly constructed houses will sometimes go up while next door is ok. Firestorms are chaotic systems. The only way to survive firestorms is to remove regulations that prevent lowering fuel loads to below 7.5tonnes per hectares in large areas of forest, savannah and grassland surrounding houses. that is it. People can cook in fireproof homes - temperatures reach 1600 deg C.
Southern Californians are not known for being practical, it’s just not a part of the culture. It’s the city of dreamers and artists and überwealthy who feel untouchable.  Also environmentalist causes can muddy the waters in terms of priorities and focus.
"Built to burn" Wood or combustable exteriors makes no sense, Building Codes need to be changed.
75?... I'm seeing 24 are we talking about the same fire ... Lol
Australia - a world leader in killing people in firestorms - building regulation here don't work. A firestorm can travel for around 400 metres across ground denuded of fuels and come out a firestorm at the end. While it is travelling over the ground denuded of fuel its core burns at 1600-1000 deg Celsius.
Thank for your your verse.   Great ideas also for those rebuilding.
Matt, this video is incredible. So glad people are watching and learning about home hardening and defensible space. This is really going to change things for the better to create more resilient homes in the future. Being out in LA helping to get mesh distributed and installed on properties still in the line of the fire has been humbling, and we’re so grateful for you helping your huge audience know there are ways to help protect your property. If anyone’s looking to learn how to install mesh on your home - we have a heap of instructional YouTube videos on our channel. @WildfireDefenseTV
Thank you!
One thing that people get wrong is about the cars. If aluminum melts at 1200 degrees, that does *NOT* necessarily mean that the vicinity was at that temperature. Rather, a grass fire could ignite a tire, the tire ignites the car, and then combustibles of the car, is the cause of the heat.  And it seems that the main culprit is burning embers, not so much brief heat that does not penetrate to anything combustible.
In Wakanda we build with concrete and leave wild fires alone... Every year.
California and local counties forgot about wind , valleys and allowing general patterns of everything is ok it’s freedom, you live in a restrictive environment and you pay a penalty when you do not have oversight of generally simple what are we doing with vegetation overtaking due to overwatering and no vegetation management. Just an idea, but if they use a select group in incarceration to fight fires, then train people to landscape and prepare for mitigation aspects of climate change and poor past practices!
Apprentice you giving the LORDs Word on the video.  Great job!
He talks about the aluminium melting stay away from the 80-90s ford t-case  bw 1356 they were magniesium
Check up time for some people when last you praise GOD
One thing that was not pointed out in the video is the house that survived has a brown wooden fence, and in the back ground is a 1960s style white garge that survived. That should be the focus.
For perspective on the effectiveness of wind-blown embers starting fires, during the Tubbs Fire, which was driven by 70 mph winds, a McDonalds burned to the ground even though is was on a flat low-lying surface surrounded by concrete sidewalks, asphalt parking lots, and less than 100 feet from a six-lane highway.
we dont all LOVE Tom Hankypanks! gimmie a break😢
Good info!
Since I can remember, I wonder why people in the U.S. kept building their homes out of good and carton-like materials, when their properties burn down to the ground, whereas en other countries we build with brick and cement, our home never burn down to the ground, and if there is fire in a home, the neighbouring homes will not catch fire.
The CAL FIRE video is very good, as are all the CAL FIRE fire safety videos on their website. Take heed of hazardous adjoining property that may pose a fire hazard to your home as well. In my city, we live east of the downtown area with prevailing west winds that funnel off the Columbia River Gorge.  In historical times, about a hundred years ago, the city burned to the ground because of widespread wood construction of commercial and residential buildings during that era. The city was rebuilt, but basically the same construction was used and is still in use in the residential/commercial/retail center of town. West of town is a vast flat valley of desert grasslands that, if they burn, would expose old town to fires beyond the local fire department's ability to control. Because of lack of funds as a retiree, I cannot afford to make my home completely fire safe, but I have basic firefighting equipment like a rated fire helmet with full visor, firefighting gloves and leather boots. But when push comes to shove, we are out the door and hustling down the street.  It is possible to prep the house before evacuation, but the only way to be sure is to build, repair or remodel your home to incorporate the ideas in this video as much as you can. My background is EMS and municipal/wildland fire dispatching in Southern California. I ended my career as firefighter. This is an excellent video, Matt and, if nothing else, I hope homeowners take the information seriously and do the work to make you and yours have a fighting chance to escape intact. And remember, with interior structure fires, all bets are off. You have ONE MINUTE to get out and after that, it is a matter of seconds before you're cooked. Sounds horrible, but so is death by 3rd degree burns or asphyxiation.
I'm so impressed by the Chasen house! It's so attractive on top of being safe. I'm a huge fan of Tom Hanks, and thrilled that his place didn't burn, but damn, that house is butt fugly.
TOM HANKS LONG GONE I HEARD.....YEARS AGO  = RESEARCH FOLKS....
If you live in California and your house burns down you have not done your homework. It makes no sense what so ever to not "fireproof" your home. SPECIALLY  those millionaires that have so much money.
THANKYOU so much for this post
I wanna know do you know the animals that were there didn’t burn up as well🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Why are all the trees still there? Doesn't wood burn?
You cannot escape from God
If all the new homes being rebuilt in Pacific Palisades and Altadena are in the style of Gregs house here the loss to humanity will be even more devastating.  This "modern" style is manifested narcissism, it seeks to impress but is void of any human character which is replaced with industrial, minimal cost, profit driven ego.
My mate Moved into a Bushfire prone area.  Against the council permission, he cleared the scrub well back from his house and just had Lawn.  We put sprinklers in the lawn that were fed by a Petrol Pump and sprinklers on the roof and around the house that soaked it that were Driven by  electric pumps Driven by a generator with a fail safe of batteries. The batteries are limited but the run time is 4X what it is said they would need to be to defend a passing fire.  He had put in large tanks  including an underground one for the fire pumps and has a Dam and a swimming pool.   The pumps are all contained in the pump house which connects the pool filtration and the fire pumps and allows the feeds to be interconnected.   He had other petrol Pumps feeding from these with hoses and sprinklers.  His idea was to not need any help to defend the place.  He was only there 2 Years when the big fires of 20-21 hit in OZ.  The Firey's came  and said the houses next door were indefensible due to the scrub  virtualy touching the properties  and they were the biggest threat to mates place if they went up.  They staged at his place ( 20 acre Lot) because they said they could easy defend his place and didn't even need an appliance.   The fire came, they waited then told him when to fire the pumps up and defended the place mainly from the houses next door when they went up.  I went there the next day and apart from the place looking a bit grubby from the ash, was completely untouched.  11 of the 14 Homes on his road were lost.   He said the price of defending the place with the equipment was nothing compared to what he would loose insurance or not and like me, cannot understand why people don't invest in ANYTHING to even have a chance of defending themselves.   While it would be unlikley to ever have another serious fire in the next 20 Years, he's since put in proper  4" Lines and hydrants around the place and a large decommissiond Diesel pump from a High rise building that's virtually  new that can feed from the underground tank and the dam he has made bigger.  He even ran a Line all the way to the front of the property so Fire trucks can fill from there.   There is a lot you can do to give yourself a better chance and any preparedness increases your chances exponentially over Doing nothing. The first summer he was there he had a couple of Petrol Pumps on agricultural Sprinklers which he could  start and then go which would have also hedged his chances of the place surviving a LOT.   I rate the chances of my own home ever being in a Fire about .0001% However I still have a portable petrol Pump I maintain, proper hoses and a tank that is always kept full except when I flush it when I know there is heavy rain coming.  I have a powerful electric pump that will run a proper 3/4" Fire hose and Nozzle with a battery pack  that is a backup power source for the house but also is never run down thanks to setting a Minimal discharge rate on the pack.   Sure, it's complete and utter overkill and the chances of it ever being needed are that of winning the lottery but when I see things like this, it's worth every cent 5X over for the comfort it gives me being able to sleep at night.
That wood look siding could be a Nichia product. Used that on my house in a remote wooded area in the Park City, Utah area.
Build concrete
I do not live in a fire prone area and I have thought that a good idea would be to have a sprinkler system fitted, since they work inside I don't see why they would not work on the roof of a home.
If I was the governor I’d look into these two companies to see if they started this fire. Great way to get business😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.
9:35 Plants are intact. Check not only Materials, but also Religions.   Do not make the same mistakes twice.
Rebuild to be fireproof.
crappy landscaping.... I removed several huge italian cypress trees from my property. those are highly flammable trees.
The house behind Tom Hanks home was a very green home, I remember watching videos of it when it was up for sale, and by green i dont mean eco friendly,  I mean it looked like the hanging gardens of Babylon, it had plants and trees coming out if it left right and centre, and a lot of wood facade.
We are currently renovating our Northern California home . We are rethinking all outdoor space and your video is full of excellent, helpful advice. thank you
Shared to Facebook; never know who might be helped by knowing this. I’m not a homeowner nor in the market but my heart goes out to those who have lost their homes.
Use AAC instead
https://youtu.be/W3KTZ00Tmdc?si=dDKrbbk2iTiNJMtk
8:47 Car standing on a concrete driveway with molten aluminum (1220 degrees F) running 15 feet from where it's wheels were mounted. The neighbors wooden gate and shrubs just feet away untouched? What was this dew to?
Those standing houses also have something in common, solid flat surfaces that allow strong winds to quickly carry the embers away instead of "sticking" to any structures and start burning.
Some fire retardant type paint over the homes could definitely help.
I could not bare to watch, my heart just could not handle it. Palisades had history in my life in Los Angeles and knew people at work that lost their homes and their love ones in the Eaton fire. But growing up , my father was an architect. Our second house was basically concrete with huge building grade foundations, with concrete fence wall, slope roof non ventilated , but  unfortunately my father died and we couldn’t pay most of the mortgage and we lost that house. Anyway, now that I am homeowner of a 50’s wooden house, this house would easily go up in flames. I always want to rebuild this house that is fire resistant and earthquake proof, with no attic space, no ventilated roof, and fire resistant roofing.even though I’m a nurse , building and architectural are closer to my heart. Thanks for your info and analysis, it’s very educational and also for everybody input.  Thank you
My sister is in Boulder CO and wildfires are very frequent.  In 2021 the Marshall fire burned almost 1000 homes.  The HOA mandated cedar fences.  The fire progressed house to house along the fences.
15:07 Matt, I'm surprised you don't mention the most effective vents against wildfire - vents that can by closed using a long pole. They are available at the big box store. Why have something that will stop 98% of embers as you say, when you can close them off and stop 100% of them? I do wonder how many of these house fires in L.A. started in the attic. Closeable vents should be mandated by code in fire-prone areas.
I have an easy solution to protecting the entire community from a wildfire. Simply install a fireproof dome around the perimeters of the community that will rise up to one to two hundred feet into the air to block any approaching fire coming from any direction. OR simply install an automatic fire proof dome around the entire perimeter of the home that can be activated in the case of a wildfire, the dome would raise up and cover the entire home to protect it from embers and from the fire. There's your solution in a nut shell.
Tom Hanks likely paid for a private fire brigade to protect his house.  Many insurance companies did the same.  That might explain why some homes are unscathed.  Water being poured constantly on a house can prevent a fire.
But well-built homes with modern tech don't make the insurance companies money when they bail on pre-season renewals. So none of this sage advice will be practically implemented on-field, and fires will continue for years to come. We must fix our leadership if we've any hope for survival.
What I think would be a good idea is a concrete fence, that defendable space and roller shades, made out of metal like on NYC store fronts, should roll down in case of a fire. From all sides of the house. And metal roof. Embers would not hit the house, even if the house is a wooden structure!
https://youtube.com/shorts/VkZ0SDhIDdc?si=oGwpUAxw-5msyX4m
We need this to get this information out in Los Angeles! Especially now. I’m working with local fire suppression pro,s, Douglas Kent and Bobby Milstein. Would you be willing to do a panel discussion or a LA specific live with questions?
I just watched 2 home owners that stayed to protest their homes, they watered their home and all the embers that flew in were put out. They both saved their own homes and the neighbors, just by being there and doing what they can.
I call BS on this...the fire didn't even reach the perimeter of the property..not diminishing the remarkable achievements of the architect...This was a controlled by burn of the Globalists..why I do not know but I feel it was manipulated unnaturally
Great video!
Agreeing with Australian Engineer. From an Australian rural (wildlands) fire-fighter with 40 years experience.
The first question that came to my mind when I first heard that only two houses survived the fire: Did they have the Divine Mercy picture in their house and have strong faith in Jesus?
That house is a great advert for the architect and builder; everyone will want one of those.  My sympathy to all those who lost their homes.
I Think the one that look like wood is made from ceramic/stone. We use that type alot in our country🇲🇨🙏
https://youtube.com/shorts/sT6MseXsKF0?si=A7WSa-vECwj4sC6x
I just watched 2 home owners that stayed to protest their homes, they watered their home and all the embers that flew in were put out. They both saved their own homes and the neighbors, just by being there and doing what they can.
The house in Altadena was standing amongst houses 70 to 100 years old.  Most people on this thread were not even born when the houses were built.  Pacific Palisades is a different story. Lots of newer mansions.
....wait... did you just RECOMMEND  a PVC deck for fire protection?!  What about dioxins?!!
South american poor countries discover that  way of building 200 years ago. Poor countries build wiith brick and mortar an powerful USA does not know that Why.
Very sad to see this. Many of those who live here shaped our modern life and gave us hope to live in harmony with each other and with nature to have a modern and civilized way of life. We love you all. I send this message on behalf of the peace-loving people of the world. Liseyas Sanchase.
Hemp houses might help
Excellent analysis and commentary. But AUSTRALIA! You need to have YOUR President call one of our PRESIDENTS and explain what jonanderson481 explained: mitigation plans to protect property and people for an expected, annual event. It’s just so mind-bogglingly stupid that no one in Cali has done so!
One benefit is that it"s rat proof. Vancouver huge problem
If you watch Emelia Hartford's last vid, you can see how strong Santa Ana was. The fires were already raging so either the power was already down by damage, or the city cut off the (industrial) electricity in that area, but you can see that the electricity poles next to her garage had simply snapped, like matches.. There was nothing anyone could have done.
God is punishing the wicked.
here in brazil we ask ourselves why tf do americans build houses "made of paper". we genuinely cannot understand why americans don't have brick walls. that's standard for anyone here who's above the poverty line and has the tiniest bit of financial literacy - something that's durable will cost a lot less in the long run than something that could go down so easily. also, no space between the walls, so no way for someone to hide there, and he don't usually build attics or basements because it's not the 1900s anymore and attics aren't that useful.
Building with concert and steel are the solution Matt. No doubt about it! Wood sucks! It doesn't mater where you live or how long you've been doing something if doesn't work and you keep doing it, like, (building with wood), they you're either selling something, stupid, or just living in the past and stubbornly set in your ways. Maybe you can ''build a very fire "resistant" house out of wood if you do some things right". Common man! Hardly anyone does things the right way. And even if they do; fire resistant is not fire proof. So keep selling your wood products, paying for fire insurance, and letting people's homes  burn to the ground. A lot of people die in those fires from the fire and the smoke inhalation.
Category 5 Hurricanes have *sustained* wind speeds of 157 MPH/252 KPH and higher.  Get your facts straight before pretending to be an expert on any topic.
The message is spot on and informative, but this video did not need to be 29 mins.
2:16 - and since the area also gets earthquakes, concrete structures will have their own issues
There are companies that make wood-look siding made of concrete. There is a YouTube couple who built a house in Idaho; they clad their house with cement “logs”.
Regarding the house that looks like it's made of wood: the guy said the walls are stucco which are non-flammable.
So... Don't build your house like it's 1625
Builders are responsible. Decades of fighting regulations, cutting corners and no incentive to ensure the longevity of the structure got us to this situation. Builders are the root of the problem.
Us folks in rural CA understand fire hardening/preparedness as well as any.  As of 2019 there's been a law on the books that requires a defensible space inspection within first year after purchase of any home built before 2020, in a very high risk zone.  There is not sufficient fire dept staffing, especially in rural communities, to enforce this requirement.  5 feet of "defensible space" in a fire storm is meaningless.  CAL FIRE requires a min of 30' of non-vegetative boundary and another 70' of very controlled vegetation.  Sprinklers are clearly a low cost high value mitigation technique for fire at a distance, but, probably not in extreme wind conditions like this.  The 4' concrete boundary wall on that house didn't protect it.  This was a wind blown fire at a greater height.  I think the primary new takeway from the Palisades fire - (we already know quite a bit about rural wildfires) is that a)AHJs need to consider all climactic risks when determining development zones and b) they need to re-evaluate density requirements.  The high density development I see in many of these LA fires is just a continuous source of fuel for the fire.  We should not be building structures that densely.  There's also now a very tight relationship between insurance coverage (and cost) and fire hardening, but, the incentives have gone awry in my opinion.  I live in a rural setting with nearly 5000 gal of storage, a fire code compliant NST hydrant and roof sprinkler system and I get ZERO discount from the state fire hazard plan ("FAIR Plan") because I'm NOT hooked up to a public water system.  That's an example of stupid, anachronistic rules that need to evolve.  Here are the hardening criteria for discounts through the FAIR plan, which do make sense.      Class-A Fire rated roof (meaning composition shingle, stone, concrete or clay tile, ormetal)  •6 inches at the bottom of all exterior walls made of non-combustible material •Ember and fire-resistant vents (wire mesh covering) •Upgraded windows (Multi-paned) •Enclosed eaves Cleared vegetation and debris from under decks •A 5 foot ember-resistant zone around the home (including fencing within 5 feet) •Removal of combustible sheds and other outbuildings from the immediate surroundings of the home, to at least a distance of 30 feet •Defensible space compliance (including trimming trees, removal of brush anddebris from yard, in compliance with California Public Resources Code 4291)
Im so glad there arent religous nutjobs and conspiracy theorists here. The fires are awful.
Let's go with concrete wall  and metal roof.  That will give you 90% of the way there to a fire proof house. Won't be too comfortable to live in unless you make additional design changes.
It was all planned and orchestrated!
Choose concrete as a building material. Forget defensible areas. Make your house incombustible.
Re lightning risk - ever heard  of a lightning rod? On a wider angle, this is change resistance, which is typical of the US, and on the whole makes me think you're the authors of your on misfortune.
There'd a product out there that would have stopped this fire at its beginning. NOBURN, the original product based in Ohio. Sprayed on, clear, wood, paper, mulch nothing combustible will flame up once treated. Someone tried to buy them out and hide the product years ago. I got some, tested, could not burn anything coated...
Great video. As an American who has lived quite a few years abroad in several other countries, I have to say from experience that in many older parts of the world these problems are largely solved, and have been for hundreds of years if not, thousands. The US is the only place I have seen with the kind of roofs, decks, building, materials, landscaping, etc. that greatly increases the risk of fire damage among other things. For an inherently progressive society like the US, the fact that these solutions are old and already exist is a stumbling block. Progressivism rejects tradition. The surviving house in question with the stucco and metal roof survived because it’s an expression of traditional building materials. The progressive mind can’t process this, therefore it is erroneously identified elsewhere on the Internet as a “passive house”, or some expression of modern progressive architecture.  I hate to break it to you, but the passive house is as old as dirt as well.  The progressive mind is inherently hamstrung, and will never originate anything approaching sustainability.
It's great for future proofing. However, I can't help but feel it's a "who's gonna get the new contract to rebuild the area" game.
Unless I missed it, I haven't heard anyone mention fire in crawl spaces which based on my experience would cause houses to burn even faster. I never built or designed homes with crawl spaces due to moisture, mold risk of freezing water lines, etc. It is also a horrible place for ductwork... Please let me know of any fire testing on homes with crawl spaces and how common crawl spaces are in CA and other places.
OK, in the small example the wind was blowing into the wood fenced home, though I agree, no cedar fencing in LA would be a great move forward. Also, Tom Hanks was lucky, he knows it, though he has the large retaining wall to the upslope, way too many trees against that side....lucky none caught fire. You are correct, no soffits, eaves of wood, tight to wall stucco, or Class A spray. His home is built against fire, but they were lucky, he knows it. Also, a one hour rated firewall is indicative of combustion, takes an hour if exterior lights up. Greg's never lit due to his diligence on his exterior plan, he did a phenomenal job of separating from the combustible neighbors. Wow, and thanks Matt!
Defensible space - is a theory that suggests that the design of a space can influence the level of crime in that area. The theory was developed by Oscar Newman, an architect and city planner.
Thank you Matt for your timely information.  I live in southern California and have friends who lost their homes. I will definitely be using your suggestions as much as possible as I update my own home. Keep sharing your amazing knowledge with those of us "do it yourselfers".  May the Lord continue to bless you and your family!!
We build with wood here, whereas the rest of the world uses concrete. This is why their homes don't burn down. America's cheapness bites again! Developers profit in almost all scenarios.
Polyiso, spray foam….   I’m not really sure how to word this but clearly a continuous would melt away beneath a Hardy cladding….  Is there anything on what a spray foam insulated cavity…. What’s the effect of the fire on that?
Just wait until residents find out the truth of how this fore was intentionally started to burn all of LA to the ground. They want a smart city there!
My boys made excellent money weed whacking and brush clearing all over Topanga Canyon to save homes there prior to 2000. There were laws and fines demanding it. I never heard of it being against the law now, as someone stated.   My prayers are with all who’ve experienced this tragedy.
Fuckin rich ppl of course there shit is safe they can personally hire firefighters to protect there homes while other burns
8:50 Definitely the rims. There's a lot of cars without them. They didn't get stolen or something. They melted. Around 660C or 1220 F.
If you can get insurance that area had much of their insurance cancelled.
Don't use wood for house
As a former resident of Malibu and Topanga Canyon for 30+ years (now on the WET side of Hawaii’ BI) I’ve experienced my fair share of near misses for my homes. One problem with concrete homes for many folks is S CA is also an earthquake zone , and building concrete houses that are also safe for our frequents shakers is pretty expensive for many people.
Very comprehensive!
It might be cedar which I don't think it catches  fire easy
Smart people live underground.
LA mocked God.
THANK YOU FOR DOING   THIS UNBELIEVABLE         VIDEO!!!!❤❤❤❤❤
Hi, Are  you ignoring the trees in the very rear that are not burned, still green? I know we have a focus and often miss things. Thank you for this tutorial, it helps with any future disaster like this.
That house above Tom Hanks was $88 million dollars. 😮
Bla bla bla bla
Subscribed because of the verse you read!
You mentioned especially houses too close together of course they will catch fire real easy. Again I've asked my self this question is why are they building homes so close together. This is a danger considering fire is the worst that can happen besides others too.. Stop building them too close together. Just stop.
Hey Matt, an informative video that will likely provide value for people. But you’re generating revenue making a video of a tragedy. Why not use this as an opportunity to donate funds from the revenue this video makes to the organizations on the front lines trying to help those affected.
Can any of you spell arson?   I knew that you could.
Thank you for the solid info
As a lifelong Calif  resident I fully understand fire risk, Thus when I designed our home I designed it as a passive solar home with 2-4 ft overhangs with screens and earth sheltered---lawn on the roof.  Being 10 miles from the nearest fire station, I knew that we are the fire department.  Walls are concrete with insulation on the outside, nothing up against the building, defenceable space all around, no trees within 50', all dry vegitation is mowed as it dries out.  In the 30+ years living here we have never been threatened by fire but,  I never take that for granted.  Every year we look at fire risk & how to mitigate the risk.  Many of those burned in the confligrations in Los Angeles county had brush near, overhanging trees & no defencable space.  Many of those canyons should never have been built in as they become venturi's during the annual "Santa Anna season".  It's a beautiful area but difficult to evacuate from.  Some years ago San Diego County has a smaller but similar fire.
Just a guess, not wood. One would think calif. would have it figured out already. Everything rises and falls on leadership.
Good report.
7:28 note the neighbor's garage didn't burn and the landscaping isn't burned. Way too many people are attributing it to the design of the house. This was primarily dumb luck the house didn't burn down.
I wanna know how to build a great home in arizona , fire proof but just perfect strong 1000 year home
Tom hanks was a very bad guy .  I will leave it at that
It could be ceramic tiling with wood effect to the front siding  - often used on bathroom floors inside
Metal roof with Hardie Board cladding would greatly improve your odds in a brush fire.  Not so much if your air-fryer runs amok.
Thank the Democrat brains and logic for this mess!
SODOM AND GOMORRAH
SODOM AND GAMORRAH
Painted wood fence vs unpainted.?
Access is to water is job 1. You’re missing the root cause.
25 people, not 75
I'm glad he admitted it's part luck, because that is definitely the case. Look at the neighbors house, completely burned but their garage was still standing.
It is Katrina if everything was increadably dry and there was no rain.
$$$ THE HOLY GRAIL OF HOME DESIGN. It must be affordable! Sorry, this doesn't have a short answer but it does have a good one. Thanks to the firefighters !!! and we have to thank the creator or whatever you believe there wasn't a massive loss of life considering the CA traffic. Once again man's equipment was no match for Mother Nature, no water and winds too high for flying tankers make one realize the limits of our efforts but we can learn and improve.  As I recall no one ever moved to CA for cheap housing and I don't see that changing so let's focus on the facts, not the woulda, coulda, shoulda (legislation) of the past, politics is another can of worms.  There are affordable solutions and I'm happy to collaborate/combine efforts with others to the fullest extent possible to prevent a repeat of such a disaster.  Often the issues are beyond what people have time to explore and understand. For example, if you GOOGLE or search house plans online you get 18,700,000 results.  So here is my suggestion as an award-winning home designer in the design-build business for over 30 years. Go to any one of the many online house plan sites and look for house plans offering the flexibility of 4 - 7 bedrooms and bathrooms under 3,000 SF, let me know if you find any or if they meet basic building codes.  I'm not saying the average homebuyer is looking for a 7-bedroom house but this will make my point regarding highly refined, efficient, flexible design is like finding a needle in a haystack. Obviously, everyone would prefer using better materials and building science when building new homes but this requires the design to be extremely efficient or it's just not affordable.  I've put a million dollars worth of experience into developing my idea of THE HOLY GRAIL OF HOME DESIGNS. To make a highly refined design affordable you must have mass appeal so the design must be highly efficient and flexible enough to meet a variety of lifestyles and exterior options so your house can be spotted without searching for the house number or the pink one.  The average new home is approaching 2,700 SF a 1,000 SF increase from the 1970s. My designs have the efficiency and flexibility to offer 4 - 7 average-sized bedrooms and bathrooms in about 2,700 SF and similar efficiency in my smaller designs with fewer bedrooms.  Can such house plans exist and not only be affordable but FREE?  If you consider the cost per square foot savings the efficiency of my designs can save $50,000 to over $100,000 when compared to other designs including the budget for better materials and building techniques not to mention lower utility bills, taxes, insurance, etc.  This usually makes building a new home less expensive than buying an existing house (along with a $30K - $60K realtor fee) plus if properly designed it will be safer and you get it customized to fit your lifestyle.  As mentioned previously many existing and even new home designs often do not meet code and have design flaws contributing to billions in damages each year from plumbing leaks and fires. There is also this fact, that local building/permit offices often decide which codes they will enforce so just because a house passed an inspection does not mean it met basic IBC. The job of checking for all codes also becomes overwhelming for most building inspectors not to mention their pay grade. But there are solutions...  There is also this fact, past homes I designed and built resold for $100,000 more than other homes ($300K price range) during the worst housing crisis in history.  MOST PEOPLE DONT KNOW THIS MAKING MATTERS even worse ! ! !  NAR, (over 1.5 million realtor members) along with 18 other companies is attempting to eliminate your RIGHT TO PRIVACY AND SECURITY by illegally copying, and POSTING people's floor plans online for the world to see.  GOOGLE IT  Realtors are also making illegal copyright claims to house plans done by others. NAR, National Association of Realtors is also partly to blame for the 2008 housing crisis, read about them and their lobby on Wikipedia.  One of many articles putting your right to privacy and security at great risk. Contact me for the link The false and misleading article was written by a former realtor who could care less about copyrights let alone anyone's privacy and security.   Building a new house with a highly refined efficient design is also less expensive because it eliminates about a 6% realtor cost of $30,000 and a lot of dangers most people haven't considered or even realized are currently at stake. Saving $30,000 in realtor fees will go a long way in upgrades not to mention the interest over a 30-year mortgage can make the realtor fee $60,000 ! ! ! Of course, it's a lot more in CA. If copyright laws are not enforced you can soon forget about better home designs, books, movies, your safety, etc. It won't be cheap to rebuild the CA homes but it can be affordable even with the needed upgrades.   Matt, thanks for another great video and if you read my brief comment I hope you found something new.  It would be great to meet up at IBS Vegas.
As a professional architect, engineer, builder with 97 years of experience i can say that he designed a good house
Our house growing up in San Bernardino in the 60's and 70's was stucco exterior with plaster walls inside. Very little wood exposed to the environment. Roof  with a thick layer of tarred down gravel rock. We were evacuated twice once the fire came within about 2 blocks. Thankful to the brave firefighters who stopped the fire before it reached our neighborhood.
All I'm seeing is houses that are not made of wood that didn't burn down. Sooo.... 3 little pigs ring a bell here.
I wonder the smoke damage? Maybe has to be demolished anyways? How is the insurance going to react?
The problem is, its not that builders are not using it or want to use it. The problem is, MOST builders are all about the top dollar and lining their pockets. So although they KNOW how to build the house better, they rather build the house cheap as possible and get rich and the hell w/ everyone else. I would love to have Greg build me a house. Not only is the house built to consider the climate in which it is in, but the house is also beautiful and aestically pleasing
Just here for the foreigners thinking the can build better homes while they rely on the American military for protection 😂😂😂
What about the 4 homes built out of "fireproof" materials that turned into piles of ash? The fires are not natural, and those 2 houses were spared. It has nothing to do with the building materials.
I would be curious to know  the % of housing that was roofed with your sarking overlaid with bitumen/ asphalt tiles.
Tom's house, on the left, could be retaining wall plus concrete V-ditch.
So, in that case, how come the trees behind Tom’s house wasn’t burnt?  I think wind played the bigger role in this factor.
Several insurers have refused to offer fire policies because the risk is too high. That's because, for the past few years, insurance companies have been canceling policies or refusing to write new ones in California, citing rising risk of wildfires. As a result, the FAIR Plan's number of homeowner policies grew to more than 451,000 as of September 2024, an increase of 123% over the past three years. FAIR plans, also known as Fair Access to Insurance Requirements plans, are state-mandated property insurance plans that provide coverage to individuals and businesses who are unable to obtain insurance in the regular market.
Hi Matt, great video! While many builders and building scientists recommend having an unvented roof on their home for fire safety (no vents for embers to enter), the reality is that there are still millions of homes with a “traditional” vented attic that can be retrofitted for fire safety. Therefore, in addition to having a class A fire rated roof covering (asphalt shingles, metal panels, clay tiles, etc) with a high temperature underlayment you can also install fire-wise attic eave vents - two companies that make them are Brandguard and Vulcan Vents. Another critical vent location is at the ridge, and Lumanco makes the LPR and VUR aluminum ridge vents (not plastic) that are better suited to handling high heat than plastic. All crawlspace vents should be "fire-wise" metal as well as vent outlets for range hood exhaust, dryer exhaust and for all other HVAC exhaust locations. All soffit and fascia material should be either metal covered (or fibre cement) and all metal gutters and downpipes. Lastly, I would use high temperature silicone “boots” around plumbing vent pipes sticking up through the roof and then cover them with metal. One resource on fire-wise vents you could look at is called “The Vulnerability of Vents to Wind Born Embers” (August 2017) by Stephen L. Quarles of the IBHS (available online in PDF).
concrete patios are more common in CA
I think Hanks just got lucky (or was privately protected) and the fire line stopped to the left along with his neighbor's, there's plenty of trees touching the house that look like they never caught fire. The monopoly house , there aren't any trees on the property , but both nextdoor lots have plenty of trees as does the rest of the neighborhood and he was a bit lucky as well.
I guess , my guess . I guess I stop watching 😅
I vote Tom Hanks to Safety Construction Commissioner of CA state regardless political background to save CA land at the end time.
Is LA still on fire
Looks like a prison.
The barn looking modern house also placed the gas meter away from the house.
For those who want to rebuild their new house in LA, i would suggest to use cement board on their exterior wall with insulation inside for cold winter its chip, easy to install as almost same of  wood and non combustible..in my country we had been  used cement to build a house...
Oregon here.  The CC&Rs in my area prohibit metal roofs. Idiots. Codes need to change to reflect the reality of protecting homes.
Thank you Matt. I saw a portion of Pacific Palisades, a few houses left and mostly burned down. In this fire with 100 MPH wind, nothing could help; even a masonry building with a metal roof burned and metal roof melted. Imagine a giant torch with 100 MPH blower concentrated over a building! Wind direction saved some of houses.  In one of our project the house didn’t burn, but vegetations burned; 2 neighbor houses burned to ashes.  A few things helped that building: 1- some portion of the building is stone.  2- there is a DensGlass under the wood sidings. 3- we used fire protection primer over the eaves.  4- metal roof. 5- wind direction was not strong over this specific building.  6- and being lucky.
This should be part of the city builder code as a must in these areas.
I heard that the homes with smart meters burned down and the homes with analog meters did not. It was also reported that technicians were coming in to the neighborhoods to remove the smart meters before the houses burned down. Can you confirm if this is true.
Are you an architect that is trying to sell . How people aren’t aware of this only to late . These are just investors. What’s pathetic is only now this is coming out that people could have save their lives and homes .
Maui was a LAND GRAB.
why is it in Spanish
Katrina was a Cat 5 which has 157 mph winds. One hundred mph would be a cat  2 hurricane.
Watching you tubers ride around and look at the Palisades and I noticed that the fireplaces, ironically, are still standing, along with the concrete structures and the steel frames. I also noticed that much of the landscaping survived too. looks like the fire skipped along the tops of the houses. I've seen some metal buildings burn to the ground too, given a very hot fire.
Matt, we should all look at steel homes and steel home kits like Kodiak Steel Homes, they have survived Huricanes, i.e. specifically Katrina, and as we all lnow steel does burn on planet Earth.  The cost of a steel home maybe be 20-30% more but we here in the USA need to stop thinking of how CHEAP can we build homes but rather start building homes that are better quality and that can survive Fires/Hurricanes/Termites and other things mother nature throws at us.  But in the mean time we all need to think like u said in this video about building Defensable zones around our homes, so that we don't see a re-occurance of what is happening in California.  I am absolutely horrified at what I am seeing in California, so much that I am going to follow your Defenseable Zone stragety around my own home.  Aloha..........................
This is a fantastic breakdown. I've learned a huge amount from watching your channel. I can tell you enjoy good engineering and chasing perfection like I do.
Great knowledge 🎉❤
the car was 1200 degrees because its gas tank was on fire and being force fed a gale... yes its the wheels that melted most likely...
You don’t build brick or concrete in California, EARTHQUAKES
That siding on the house that survived could be composite wood planking. It’s been around for at lest 20-30years and could easily have fire resistant properties and look just like real wood planking.
lesson from a home that did not... Check out Bellino Drive....
toms house is alsonot very close to any vegitation that burned... his house is in a spot wherr the vegetation is either non existent or green and wet...
Take a step back from the idea of Tom Hanks' house being fire resistant, and notice how close he is to the edge of the cliff. He certainly does have OVERHANG. Now, we in California know what comes after wildfires sooner or later, rain. Get just a tad too much rain, and you get mudslides! This home is at the bottom of a steep driveway, which can excellerate flow and possibly undermine the footings the home sits on. Keep an eye on this house, and keep fingers crossed.
im in california... when we build in fire zones, architechts usually spec hardie siding, and metal roofing... still wood framing usually... yeah metal fences also. and fire breaks of irrigated grass or concrete or something non flammable....
Just build concrete exterior structures.
My friends all say it was climate change and there was nothing anyone could do.  Granted it seems a harsher than usual situation for sure but fires come through every decade. Something has to change.  Good luck California!!
I think the reason these two houses are still standing is because there were so much liberal nonsense that the fire was extinguished around the building. I honestly thought Tom Hanks had moved to Canada like he had threatened so many times. But you can tell the liberal BS is so powerful. It’s like a sorcerer’s power.
All forests that can burn will burn naturally. But deliberately preventing the natural clearing by fire must be asking for trouble. So in Australia we burn fire breaks in the cool calm damp weather. This permits the wildlife to have safe areas and not get wiped out.  People with the money have onsite water tanks or swimming pool with diesel emergency pumps enabling rooftop sprays wihich are very effective
Also, keep thinking about North Carolina TOO.
As someone who lives in San Diego & is going to take matters into his own hands this video is extremely helpful. Thank sir.
I wonder what was the internal temperature of Greg’s house.
Interesting/informative/entertaining 😉.
Thank you for the information!
No more wood! The state should try to change the law to build in brick!!!
It’s God ! The people Who are living in that house are walking in Jesus Christ and Christian people who believe in God, that’s it.. period🙏
Pay offs
I’m from LA. Luckily not living in the impacted areas. Personally, I’ve been thinking about the rebuilding process. I would say build using concrete or brick, but we are also in an earthquake zone. But there has to be a better way to rebuild these houses to make them more fire resistant. We can learn a lot from Australia and the bush fires. The areas that burned are always at risk. But this time it was the perfect storm of crazy winds (Santa Ana’s) and dry brush.
Regulations and building codes are written in blood - looks like California is due for some new upgraded building codes. Other wise most people will be reluctant to spend the extra money. I think more will have to be done - but I don't live there so I'll leave it at that.  The one thing I learned from reading industry specs (mostly sound proofing but fire proofing was covered too); metal fasteners can carry heat through your fire rated sheathing and into the wood studs which can be a problem. There are standards to address this.  Finally; it's nice to see one can make a very fire resistant home without it looking like a bunker. Good stuff.
You know this information pops up after every fire where there are huge losses in structures.  Sad part is this information is not new.  It's explained, shown, told every single time fires like this devastate communities.  Problem is is that people will get all industrious and clean stuff up.  But 10 years later it becomes just a chore and thus not done.  What is amazing if any house that's less than 10 years old burned down.  If there were lots of them then that's the community not requiring building to accommodate massive fires like this.
This is yet another example why American needs to stop making paper houses.
Lies about CA water are not helpful
See, here in the US, we like to build our houses out of popcicle sticks and paper. Then we put convenient combustible ground cover riiiiiiiight up to the side of the house.
But were America were not gonna change how we do something just because it's wrong.
Here's a suggestion. Build houses out of bricks and mortar with proper foundations, not wood. Here in Europe we only build sheds out of wood not structures where human beings are going to live. Especially in areas where wildfires are an annual occurrence. It's a no brainer.
There were no mention about brick fireplace chimney being the only thing typically surviving a house fire. Maybe I missed it?
I lived in the mountains above Palm Springs and we were always doing our fire abatement. They need to get on board with managing their land and stop making excuses.
We used to have a material that was impervious to fire.  But everyone hates asbestos now…
Lahaina ( August 2023 Maui, Hawaii) Just like The Hurricane Helene Victims:  *Thousands of humans are Still missing. This is no time to downplay Any of the deviation that has happened, even Palestine, Ohio. Paradise, California.
Any thoughts on rain screen assembly’s and their impact on fire resiliency? Seems like it might invite the fire to spread into the wall.
Great video..👌
Omg.  Please add a correction. Your number of deaths in the La fires is 300% of the actual death as of Jan 15th.  It’s 25 not 75. I can’t articulate the impact of your misinformation.
The fact that due to climate change, the weather WILL continue to get worse year after year. It is now up to us to adapt and prepare - it will, however, require a compassionate President to help us with these next changes. Good luck with THAT.
Oh yeah more people are going to change the way they want houses built after this, that would be 🤓
I just watched this with an eleven year old. He said..."Instead of making garages for 12 cars, why don't they have an underground water tank with a generator that is joined to a sprinkler systems?"  .from the mouth of babes?
Thank you Matt for your video !
Good info/vid I rebuilt after Tubbs 2017 fire and can add my .02$. Mulch is a fire spreader use rock around the house. I watched my stucco home burn after the embers blew up the inside corners of the foundation walls and up and behind stucco weeps to reach the plywood and it burned from the inside out. I added a detail for rebuild of metal flashing to cover/protect the wood behind exterior cladding that can be reached with high winds. Also I would bet the homes in LA that were on south west hillsides were protected from 100mph NE wind.
This gentleman is such a lovely person.  He has a heart of gold. God bless.
I've heard a lot about concrete - but one thing to remember is earthquakes and mudslides are also a factor when they are building.  It's not as easy as one might think unless money is no object.
the thing I have noticed on google is LA had so many trees and so much planting in the gardens, its such a wooded area plus the Palisades was old and alot of wood Im guessing
Architects need to start thinking about disaster proofing designs, as least as much as possible. Drought, floods, heat, cold, winds, earthquakes... Just building 'normal' houses, or houses only designed for present conditions is folly. This includes consulting with global partners because many countries already have suitable building practices in place.
The only problem with fire-resistant homes is that, when there is no fire, you have to live in them. They are cold, cheerless, depressing. They are houses only engineers could love. To put it another way, they are marvelous at being fire-resistant but miserable at being homes.
The old-school style garage survived too. The ventalated roofs are a huge problem. It's surprising to me that there isnt some way to close the vents during high winds.
That burned house was worth 125 million...gone now...
Love the design choices of Tom hanks house that protected the trees around his house on the fire side before you get to the concrete 😂
Paint the house blue, that will help.
God is Holy and just. The wages of sin is death. Eternal separation from God. We all have sinned by breaking God's commandments. We all deserve death. God in His great mercy and love humbled Himself and took the form of a human being. He died the death we should have died. He hang on the cross as the perfect lamb of God, taking upon Himself all the sins of the world. He shed His Holy blood on that cross defeating the devil each and every demon and all of them together. He triumphed over death, curses, sicknesses, the devil, each and every demon and all of them together and eternally declared IT IS FINISHED! No human being needs to go to hell. Hell was made for the devil and demons. Jesus Christ rose up again. He is the KING of kings and the LORD of lords. All power and authority  in heaven, on earth and in hell belongs to Jesus Christ. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ, God, is LORD of all. God is love, holy and just. In His eternal love and knowledge He made a way for sinners to become saints, for the sick to be healed, for the cursed to be blessed, for the oppressed to be set free and for the brocken hearted to be made whole. There is no other name under heaven given unto men for us to be saved but the Name of Jesus Christ. Being saved means acknowledging that you are a sinner. Believing in the finished work of Jesus Christ on the cross. Repenting and asking God for forgiveness and surrending your life (past, present and future, body, soul and spirit) to God. He will hear your cry, forgive you, cleanse you from your sins with His Holy Blood and give you the power to become His child. Your name will be written in the lamb's book of life. Then ask God to baptize you with His Holy Spirit who will enable you to live the life that pleases God. This is an offer from God to each and every human being because He dearly loves humanity. One can accept this offer or reject it. God never forces Himself on anybody. Rejecting this offer means that you will have to stand before the judge of the universe in your own righteousness and try to justify yourself. Since He is Holy your righteousness will never be enough and you will have to hear the words "depart". We will not be able to give God stories on judgement day. He is all knowing, He is everywhere and all powerfull. Indeed Jesus Christ saves from eternal damnation. As  long as you are alive the offer since remains. We need His righteousness.
Ya know, in Iceland where there's lots of volcanoes, most dwellings are built of concrete and/or sheet metal. Hmmm.
Building standards .according to threat level  Saving private property
Another OZ Engineer, the BAL ratings discussed by @jonanderson481 come from the Australian Standard AS-3959.  Within this code it sets out what you need to do to achieve different BAL ratings.  The level of the BAL rating you need to achieve is dependent on how far away you are from trees of different sizes (so the width of that 'defensible zone').  Items that are discussed are, minimum pitch of the roof, flat areas in front of windows (so slops on sills to allow embers to fall off), maximum holes sizes for vents (which is what that Stainless Mess is used for), minimum thickness and temper of glass.
Of course Toma Hanks' house didn't burn. It's bathed in tears of children.
Oh goodness, I know Tom Hanks and his family came in my restaurant in the Palisades often and they were so kind and I am so thankful and grateful instead of all the kind people in the world. This family was blessed.
Don't think building codes gonna make a difference for these fires??..ever ask yourself why extremely flammable trees and leaves didn't burn right beside fires that melted glass and aluminum?? Tom's house is surrounded by flammable trees and brush so the fact his house didn't burn is just luck.. there were literally hundreds of houses with metal roofs no soffits and stone walls that burned to ashes!! These were not normal fires IMO..
"The House That Greg Built" sounds like a good title. Thoughtful video! God bless.
The Wildfire Prepared IBHS site doesn't respond.  I have had my insurance clients pay and register, they  don't hear back and they don't have any means to call and no office.  Waited over 3 months and had to move without it.   In a year they never responded.
Those were the two Republicans
Yeah they save the house of tge guy that said that if trump wins he will move out 😂😂 tommy hanks when are you moving?
It is not only about bad building practice. It is because of bad landscaping. They live in a desert, so stop planting too many trees, clean Your garden and cut the bush. A brick house with a clay tile roof would be nice. Go to Europe and see towns  twice older than United States non of them are burned down. I have noticed that in US people like to use too much wood when building a house. Then the whole town is built of wood and it burns down like London in 1666.
Concrete, bricks and steel and the americans would stop destroying the forests in the world and avoiding future LA events.... You can't ignite stone and derivatives...
My in laws have a house in Rhodes, Greece. All the houses there are built from concrete. The wild fires they had the last year took nearly every house they came across. Wood, brick, concrete. The fire doesn't care. If it finds a way in it will consume it...
I believe in property rights, but at some point there has to be a conversation about where people are building homes and what materials they're made from. This type of building in fire-prone areas is going on all over the Western United States, not just in California.
Great info... thank you🙏🙏
It is possible to easily design a house that is TOTALLY fire-safe.  You build a house that, at the approach of a wildfire, can be shut down into a fire-proof box.  Not just a house with a metal roof but a house with metal siding and BIG SLIDING METAL BARN-DOORS that cover up any and all windows or porches or any other avenue by which fire might enter the house.  It's that simple.  Shut down your house and leave.  Return, slide the big metal barn-doors back, and your house is just as it was.  In the meantime, fire crews don't have to waste resources protecting your house.  This fire-proof box design should be in the building code, state-wide, for any house built in extreme wildfire-hazard areas.        Metal roof/siding/barn-doors are not that expensive for a small house.  If the building code requires newly-built houses be fire-safe boxes, the firefighters would be able to focus on defending houses built before this provision in the code.  This provision in the code should have existed YEARS ago.  it is, it is outrageous that the ultra-rich built $20,000,000 houses and did not use those millions to build a fire-safe house.  The press should grill them about their irresponsible folly.         The builders and developers should have no problem with this provision in the code.  Houses will still be built.  The builders and developers will simply be building fire-safe houses, probably at a greater profit to themselves.
I doubt Americans will learn anything from this fires, they will continue to build from wood and cardboard.
Nothing to discuss here, this one’s an easy one.
22:00 You almost certainly need to use 2x6 framing for earthquake resistance.
We already have a high fire severity definition system.  Every homebuyer gets a report to notify them of what might impact their house and if they are obligated to make defensive remediation.  The reality is people don't take it seriously.
Thanks for this! Always time well spent with your videos. Hopefully this will help change people's attitudes and priorities and therefore demand better.  As an architecture graduate with experience in Net Zero and Passive House design & construction, it amazes me that we would rather spend money on really nice looking expensive fixtures, finishes and smart (dumb) gadgets instead of putting the money into having a better building envelope, better safety, HVAC & water management systems,  and even renewable energy solutions like solar or geothermal. In fact with the money saved in operating cost (and your own personal health), you could upgrade all the interior elements many times over throughout the life of the building.  It's like spending all your money on designer clothing to be like everyone else but then eating really unhealthy food because that is all you can afford. And I should know, I was like that not long ago too.
The architects' house is very European in design.
60 Minutes is running interference for the culprits. CA was turned into a tinderbox over decades through failed policy.
It’s hardy boards or cement siding that looks like wood we have some 👍🏼
The houses that survived the wildfire disaster in LA are not only a testament to solid design but also reveal important lessons on how to build sustainably against natural disasters. From fire-resistant materials to safe distances from vegetation, all are factors worth considering. Is this the time for us to make these building standards mandatory, especially in areas prone to wildfires?
What happens to the land that the destroyed houses were on? Do the homeowners have to sell the land or can they keep it to rebuild or sell it to recoop some of their money?
Why do you make wooden rooftops in windy, hot, wildfire-prone California? This is 101 The Three Little Pigs tale.
Aluminum is a very very common sight in any long burning car fire, Alloy rims will do the same. Most engine blocks, on every new car is aluminum alloy, melts a little below 1200, but just the plastics & gasoline burning in situ will do this, no wildfire needed.
That is not wood siding on the front of that house - why would someone building a fire-resistant house use wood siding?  This is a concrete siding product designed to look like wood.
This was predicted in 1800s  Fires will break out unexpectedly, and no human effort will be able to quench them. The palaces of earth will be swept away in the fury of the flames. Disasters by rail will become more and more frequent; confusion, collision, and death without a moment's warning will occur on the great lines of travel. The end is near, probation is closing. Oh, let us seek God while He may be found, call upon Him while He is near! The prophet says: "Seek ye the Lord, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought His judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the Lord's anger." —The Signs of the Times, April 21, 1890. MYP 89.2  Seek the lord while he can be found there is a true church that keeps the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus.   Read the great controversy it explained everything about the seal of God . What you gotta do to take care of yourself and come out of Babylon.  May everyone be blessed beyond emagine
If you are going to site the hack reporting of 60 Minutes I can tell you have nothin I want to hear.
As an Italian, the question is: how can Americans spend millions dollars buying wooden houses? It's insane! It's heartbreaking seeing that apocalipse. Praying for all the people and animals there😢
These social justice celebrity warriors let’s see if they walk the talk and help those less privileged to come out of this. By the way Hank said he was gonna leave the country if Trump got elected so maybe he’ll give us house away not!
Its refreshing to listen to engineers instead of psychos saying "God" saved the houses. No Mam, building homes and designing proper landscaping to withstand fire did. *See the Getty Villa *
this may be a good Idea but unless you are very rich.  they are mostly unaffordable in southern California' nobody is going to tear down an existing home and build it they way you want.  Why does this look so much like an advertiesment that nobody wants or needs.   Are you moving to california to be a Contractor.  There will be a boom for the next 10 years
Another takeaway from this heartbreaking, catastrophic fire is the role that water pressure loss in the neighborhood water systems deprived firefighters the water they need to fight the fire.  What I never considered was that each house that burns has plastic service piping or supply lines which melt and immediately begin leaking  up to 40-50 gallons per minute. Multiply this by 4-5 homes (let alone a whole neighborhood) and it is no wonder why there is no water pressure.  While it is not reasonable that fleeing home owners will turn their water off at the street, there should be heat activated valves that will shut off water services in the case of fire.
You are just advertising for your self, you don’t care about anyone, don’t deal with this guy
Non-educational, waste of time. Give me a fire proof material/s research that you’ve done, I might watch it.
As a Landscaper and horitulturist, I want to point out that  you don't HAVE to have your 5 feet next to the house completely blank, you just have to choose your plants carefully. There are plants that are fire resistant.. Aloe Vera, Ice Plant, virtually any cacti.... these plants are all succulent, and are basically just bags of water, Their inner tissues are designed for water storage, so they don't need rain for months at a time.
Fascinating. Thank you for this education.
Make a video about how to make a SIPs build that is also fire resistant
3:29 Ok about the fires this is not new  A hill up draft from the ocean wind that pick 50 plus miles per hours  Multi million dollar homes with not an once of fire prufing  This type of fires there is very little control, wy we know it has happen for years so good odcome will come the next time it light up To the Hollywood elite stop telling as how rich you are and how well you live and stop whining like a baby and one less luxury car and fire proof your home look in to it you will real answer no how and how much it will cost Your home is the real investment not your car Good luck for those that think money is a fire stop fire don't give a rats ass it just burn baby burn
25 deaths in the L.A. fires confirmed so far, not 75.  It will grow though.   Every chimineya should have a spark arrestor as well as front screen to keep embers from leaving and starting things on fire.
USA !!!!biggest cannabis industry going !!! Make hemp bricks they are pretty much fire resistant
On the second house, maybe they used that fire retarding wood stain?
Tom Hank’s “crazy enough”?  No we don’t all know OR love. More to come on him.
Read Daniel 3:19-27.
The house are destroyed but the trees are hardly scorched     Who paying you to fill us with bullshit.
Hearts and prayers out to anyone affected.    I find it amusing that the high quality build show sign is held up with plastic zip ties.  Hehe
This guy is full of it!  He says that 75 people lost their lives, and unless he has some inside information no-one else has, the death toll as of 1/15/25 is 25 deaths.  Clearly you cannot trust his information. Another internet full-of-crap guy!!
Trees look fine…
The Santa Ana winds are a beast that will bite, hard, and not let go.
Stop building houses of wood. Simply use concrete.  Why do you want to make it complicated?
What about building some very huge tower's like the mobile network ones. Attached whit a sprinkler system that creating a rainy over high risk areas
It is nowhere Katrina cat 5 is 155 mph plus. Not 100 jus sayin
From india.. don’t understand wooden houses.. we have bricks
This is a great video, one of your best ever. A real public service.
Check out Pepperdine University.  It was built in the 1970s to be extremely fire resistant, and it’s been through 8? fires so far.
How do you know if he prayed in Jesus name over the house or not? Hu Hu
Non-wildfire zone is subjective because any area with woodlands or forested hills, when you have a drought for more than a month, places like North NJ and PA along NY had their first ever fires. All building should be designed for mother nature's forces.
The other thing that needs to be addressed in CA that a lot of people are not considering is that homes need to be up to earthquake code.  So fires are not the only thing that needs to be taken into consideration when constructing homes in CA.  And during hot summers with skyrocking electricity prices, you don't necessarily want to live in a tin can.  So keeping cool, earthquake safety, and fire protection are 3 things to consider.
Vinyl windows should not be allowed in California. I wish mine were metal framed.
4:50 - HIGH WINDS UPROOTED TREES - I recently watched a video made by the Corridor Crew, VFX team, at Corridor Digital, LA,   A handful of the team were documenting the aftermath of the fires and on many occasions had to negotiate a huge uprooted tree that had fallen blocking roads.
Concrete homes: what about the earthquakes California experiences?
Coming from the UK 🇬🇧. They learnt that wood wasn't always the best material for housing back in 1666. Los Angeles had their "Great fire" in 2025.
I grew up in a 1940's concrete House. Walls were concrete and so was the floor. Dad was paranoid of the house burning down which happened to the family home when he was growing up.
Let's not mnimize the PLACEMENT of these homes... if you go the LA county website, and look at the fire damage maps, a couple things will become clear, homes that were on lots larger than 20,000 square feet had TRIPLE the survival rate of homes on lots less than 10,000 square feet. You cram these homes so close together, one catches fire, they all go down like a dominoes.
Just an amateur observation. But after San Francisco burned in 1906, first of all they dynamited a fire line. I'm sure you couldn't do that today. And secondly, we did not rebuild with wood. The houses I grew up in are stucco.  3. it does not seem legitimate to discuss using brick in California. 🤦🏽‍♀️  I feel the earth Move Under my Feet....
DID they have smart meters in their homes !!!!!
Also paint your house blue!
This is why everything being politicized right now is so far off. If the home owners just took more accountability and understood where they live, things would have been different.
There is also soffit vents that close when exposed to hot air. Its not only the embers, but super heated air alone can cause fire to propogate into the attic space through the soffits
😊Thats why we malaysian .,love to build a house from a brick and roof structure from iron and roofing concret tile. https://youtu.be/_ny6KREbXqM  come to malaysia , cheaper afordable  safer than other around 🎉❤ (happy new year)
The wood look siding on the front of the house may be what we used on our rebuild after the Paradise fire. It's a factory pre-stained cement board lap siding that looks just like wood & is approved for fire prone areas.
Toms home looks like an industrial building.
Be clear.  These were not “forest fires”.  These fires were not the same as the mountain forest fires of past
Our cottage is located near a small river. My husband had the exterior of the cottage done with field stones and cement mortar by a Frenchman from Brittany. It has a metal roof and no trees around the cottage for a fifty to hundred foot radius. Concrete front and back porch, with flower beds on two sides.    He was concerned about protection from forest fires. No forest fires yet. Just a tornado a few years back took down over a hundred large maple trees. Now we have over twenty cords of firewood stacked under leftover sheets of metal roofing over 100' from the cottage. Common sense fire protection. If it burns, it burns. I try to lay up treasures in heaven. We won't take anything with us when we die.
It's never "not the time" to learn from a tragedy. And yes, you need to import some Australians.
Stupid video. This is a government sponsored crap. Wasn't Tom Hanks name on the Eipstien list???
looks like stucco on three sides and treated hardwood or concrete "everlog" in front
Like The one and only Red tin top roof in Havaii...
Matt, this was a wonderful video with a lot of insight. I hope they fly out to LA when the time is right to help educate and encourage our builders to heed your notes 🙏
We are america and we build in wood....well who isn't learning fro. katastrophes is forced to do the same mistakes again and again... Climate change is real...so americans should build for the future and not for instagram.
Loads and loads of houses but not a single tree how bizarre, how even more bizarre nothing whatsoever made of plastic, not even distorted.
Great opportunity to learn about Hemp-crete block homes . Essentially fire proof . The hemp absorbs CO2. CO2 is in fire extinguishers. It would certainly be a good choice over vinyl or wood siding...fire wood.
Just lucky 😂
Embers embers embers
Some might say this is karma , I’m not one of those people 😂
What was that stuff you held up about under decking material???? Need that...
We had massive fires in Camarillo, CA  2 months ago.  What happened tha spred the fire to our are was white vinyl fencing that ignited 2 miles aware and was carried aloft for 2 miles.  The Vinyl fences look nice but are made up of petroleum which is very flamable.  We spoke with a firefighter and he spoke about how to harden one's homes. 1. Make sure that all windows and doors are closed. 2. Make sure that the venting in the attice is resistance to embers. Keep the embers out. 3. 5 foot clearance around the house.
Wildfires are by nature, capricious. With the weather event Los Angeles experienced in these fires, a known seasonal occurrence, "hurricane" is a perfectly apt description. Defensible space in an event like this is a different postal zip code. The fire in Paradise, CA . . . just slightly less severe than this event, homes with nothing but manicured green grass lawns burnt to the foundation while homes surrounded by timber were spared.  Capricious. I've been through a wildland fire that was spotting several miles out in front of the active fire line, the "Fountain Fire" Shasta County California 1992. Earth berm homes, below grade structures, engineered and designed to leverage the terrain, unaffected by what may happen on the surface . . . that is a potential solution as long as humans insist on living in areas where these environmental characteristics are present.
People call it embers but they're more like .5 inch sized chunks of flying, burning debris. Land slides are going to be horrific when the rains hit.
They make wood look concrete siding.
Excellent video. Great message at the start and end. Subscribed. Thank you.❤
Could there be paid private firefighters protecting those two houses?
Yeah, be rich that’s all
😂😂😂😂 brilliant , the rich build unsustainably and CREATE the situation. But are the only ones able to afford a house that survives said hellscape . That is the American way!
To everyone in the comments who thinks Americans just don’t know how to deal with stuff,  it’s not American to be prepared. It’s American to overreact and blame everyone else.
Houses metal beams and cars metal parts only can be melted at 1200 degree or more but impossible with wood fire lol.  But this paid actor is lying to the mass without any explanation like the fake news to cover up Direct Energy Weapon (DEW) targeted at these poor people. Smart Fire only targeted houses but not trees, grass, or elites' houses. Killing and Stealing in plain sight.... And  Smart house coming to you LA 2025
So who is going to rebuild L.A. when a huge number of the construction workers are migrant workers whom Trump is going to deport?
yay for stucco. i'm wondering why hempcrete wasn't mentioned.  non inflammable bricks might have mitigated a lot of embers catching
And Hawaii is still a mess and North Carolina they are still sleeping in sheds or tents! In 20 degree temps
There are some places on this planet where one should NOT build a home (or ANY structure).  A 5' Defensible Space is not the complete solution given the volume of embers being blown about by the winds.  HOW one builds (e.g. materials used) is key.  Where we build also matters.  If you choose to build on very shaky ground, or very unstable ground, or on a flood plain or barrier island, one MUST build accordingly.  You either need to be prepared to lose everything with no hope of financial help when the inevitable happens OR you build elsewhere.
Great video! Truly appreciate the Bible verse!
Paint your home blue and yurcar it's lazarsd.e.w.
Maybe you'll get to it later in the video, but one shocking thing I've seen in test videos is sparks and even embers flying into the attic thru the soffit vents.
jfc, get ON with it man... I'm here to see the design distinction.
Driving around the burned-out areas of Santa Rosa after the 2017 Tubbs fire, I noticed that stucco houses were the ones that survived in many cases.
I grew up in California, joined the military, retired and said I’m never going back. Because of the policies that are created under coercion by environmental folks. I don’t wish this on anyone, my family was affected and their neighbors, but I don’t see to many builders are going to got want to go out there from out of states because of the building codes and additional environmental rules that are in place. How do you plan for an area you don’t have any idea with. Well at least thats what my builder friend is saying.
ST JOHN 3:16! ❤  COVERED BY THE BLOOD OF JESUS!   THE FIRES OF HELL NO NOT END!  THANK YOU DEAR LORD FOR LIVES SPARED!   MAY GOD COMFORT THE BEREAVED IN THE NAME OF JESUS!
His house may have not burned but give it some time, it'll fall in the water.  But hey, let's save trees and plants. They can always be replanted. Elsewhere.
Timber frame houses have been banned in London since 1166 😂
Outside the desert fan palm, most cali palm trees are not native. The majority of cali palm trees are giant ember generators during Santa Anna wildfires.
Build blue houses.
2:15 yeah, all those wooden houses were really fire-resistant
Do you think building regs will change to not allow timber framed homes in LA?
Good info, and timely.  The greater LA area has special issues: steep hills and canyons where ground based firefighters can get badly trapped and it takes air assets to fight a blaze. Of note, eaves trap heat and become channels next to a brush area.  Older 20's/30's homes used a lot of so called "gingerbread" in these areas - that is a mistake in these fire zones, as they can trap embers and... up it goes.   As for chimoneas... an utterly stupid device that will consume excessive wood for any warmth given off - and they mostly don't come with a stack screen: make your own.  If I had one, bottom gets a foam liner and the cat can sleep in it.  A general tip on combustion risks [other than charcoal bbq]  is to keep them 10 feet or better from a house.  I am always gobsmacked when I see emergency generators 5 feet from a house because offset from the eave edge is 2 feet looking up - God help you if that throws a rod while running. So the question is: what is the best material/construction to close in eaves, assuming fire safety type vent screens?  The Paradise fire jolted a fresh interest in specialized  vents years ago - they may not block heat, but  certainly embers and major ash.
7:48 the ultimate advertisement for this chasen dude 😎
I really don't mean to make light of people's suffering, but it astonishes me how Americans insist on building everything out of wood, then act surprised when it's destroyed by fire or storms.
I share pain with all homeowners who lost their homes in Pacific palisades and Altadena.  Rebuild process: Even though home lost, your land worth maybe more than your home, all lot land being a tract typical land , flat or hillside  building pads and underground utilities are probably secure. All you need is building plans that are already recorded in the city you live, if not  request same type of plans city may have in their records. You may save  basic costs on land surveying-engineering or architecture and extremely time consuming. No matter what you do for living, I want you and your family members to be a owner-builder-contractor for which you don't need any license to do so. Make sure you buy  25 feet measuring tape, work boots and shovel, and just spend about an hour of your time on your home. Love and prayers for all.
Every body should be following you!
this was refreshing. how this message just deals with the cause and effect of fire in these circumstances..and of course with humanity...but .just that ...
There’s a huge  difference between what Tom hanks and even your average Californian can afford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKv5mY95Rlk
so have a house that have 100 feet radius around your house.  and keep everything completely sterile and dead 100 feet from your house.   sounds like doomsday prep to me.
Looks like in order to make your property and house fire proof, you basically have to construct a completely sanitized, lifeless exterior.  Maybe a rock zen garden is in order, lol.   I see the benefit of a totally enclosed attic, but wouldn't it become terribly hot in warmer climates, or almost anywhere?  Glad the house survived, but visually I find it rather unappealing.
100mph is the same as CAT 2 hurricane.  Not minimizing.  it's awful either way!
❤️👍
My cousin’s daughter is a Sheriff assigned to the Eaton Fire in Alta Dena. They’ve found 200 bodies on that fire alone. Two-thirds of Alta Dena residents are over age 65.  I can’t imagine how many they’ll find in Pacific Palisades & Malibu.
Very soon,you will learn about these programmed engeneered fires on California....like hurricane Helene,  like Maui fires,...etc. Land grab programs. Tom Hanks is on their side... that's why his house not targetted. Good try to mask rhe Real truth... Truth will come to light anyway.
😂😂😂😂😂 fake
How did the tree survive ...over hanging a house that burned?
Blue on the asses roof ,thats why.
Research anything by Justin Leonard from CSIRO Australia - deep knowledge about structure survival and bushfire
The "Santa Ana" winds are sometimes referred to as the "Devil Winds", for obvious good reasons as we can see now. It was, and still is, like hell on earth when coupled with fire.   Hopefully all reconstruction and new construction will incorporate fire resistant designs and materials going forward.
What about Divine intervention.?
Man that's a home?! It looks like a hotel!
WOW! I thought Tom Hanks would be cast away
I grew up in Southern California and there was a city between LA and San Diego (I can't remember which one) but it was the law that ALL homes had to have red tile clay roofs that didn't burn so easily. Why aren't such laws in place in ALL fire zones? There are terrible fires every year throughout California. People never learn!
The media (60min.) Lied about the wind speed it was no 100mph. Fire will make its own  wind. This is because of neglect be the government.  It was a plan for land grab..
The homes that were burned were most likely built a long time ago before these wildfires started occurring as seriously. While anyone who rebuilds should only do it if they could also be fireproofed, it must also be quite a bit more expensive. My condolences to all these folks.
weather manipulation
I'm glad your post found its way to my feed. Excellent info and plenty to consider. And ending the video with a Bible verse! Perfectly awesome! Be well and be blessed Brother! 🤓 🙏 🙌 🙌 🙌
So the homes survived but the infrastructure is probably damaged and the homes are within a toxic area….
they aren't giving permits to build in lahaina, they want a 15 min city built
I think you should do your research🤔, these are intentional fires aided with fuel of Lithium & purposely orchestrated by criminals starting & keeping them going (Newsome probably paid these illegal aliens to complete this task) There is so much going on - it is so unbelievable to even imagine 🇦🇺
In Uganda, All wooden  wall houses are termed as Semi permanent or temporary construction and they are Not approved by the government.
Aluminum melts at 800f.
Some more resources: https://www.usfa.fema.gov/wui/outreach/
It was God man
I saw a video where two homes used a firefighting generator pump and fire hose to completely soak their homes and surroundings before evacuating. Both pools were completely drained. It took an estimated ten hours of soaking from the moment that they heard about the distant fire on Tuesday until they left. They came back a couple of days later to find that their two homes were the only ones that survived. The soaked ground and vegetation resisted the wind driven burning embers long enough to avoid the smoldering and fires that their neighbors unfortunately succumbed to that day. It was a wise investment the previous year since they were on the edge of a hillside that was heavily covered in flammable vegetation. The fire came right up to their property line.
What about highly flammable AC in the attics? Why not to use normal  ductless mini splits for zoning and cleaner air.? SOS
A while ago I read that Spielberg’s house is next to Hanks. If still, I wonder what happened to his house? Hope he’s fine too.
This event should cause building codes to be changed all over the country.  At least it should force people to retrofit as much fire protection as possible into existing houses. And really, just how much real danger is building with hollow concrete bricks in an earthquake? What about grids of metal strips to hold the bricks in place? What about sustainable mud homes built in dome shapes? (Not only mud, but mixed with other materials to increase strength and fire resistance?) There are so many ways to build a house, and clearly, the present construction codes, with all the might of the law behind them, are useless for this future we are in. Isn't it time to revise the codes to allow more types of construction and focus on resistance to climate change and being easy on the pocket, than to pander to busybodies in government and maybe construction industry lobbies?
I live in Russia. We do constuct our houses from the bricks with sheet metal or clay tiles roof. In south parts of Russia (Chechnya, Dagestan) a lot of small earthquakes regulary Happens. It's a lie you can't construct from the bricks or concrete in place where earthquakes are happens. We have 15 meters rule (50 feets) - of space is a must to be between houses. if it's impossible there are MUST be brick firewall between each building. We do have hurrakanes and storms here. The last storm i remember broke a window to 92 years old widow :) Such storm is able to devastate the sheds you are living in. I suppose you do have mental issiues if you are ok to live in such conditions and nothing rise the questions here.
Darn shame you guys don't know for 500 bucks you can stop your house from burning down. You can simply spray "Barricade Fire  Gel" on your roof and exterior before the fire comes and it will prevent your house from burning. No house since 1994 has burned down who used it. I have 3 friends In LA during this fire and their houses were fine and all the homes around  them burned down!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
caus wilson was guarding it ofc
No Smart Meters saved houses.
Yeah, it looks exactly like Lahina where foliage doesn't burn, but vehicles are melted to nothing!
In 1930s after Signal Hill earthquake construction standards in California changed.  And with every quake since they get updated.  Why can't we, California, do the same with homes construction and fire???  Change the codes now.  Keep your thoughts and prayers.
Hybrid Warfare with the Elites removing every possible means of self help by Californians and Illegals sent in to burn everything the SMART Meters did not burn. Fire Trucks sent to Ukraine 100 of 185 fire trucks broken down Water Reservoirs drained to nothing Fire Fighters laid off because of refusing jabs Trans Fighters placed in command Funds robbed for funds for subversion everyone goes on holidays nothing is a coinkydink.
CA standards for new homes are very strict about fire resistance. However for older homes, few, if any, people are aware of the fire resistance methods, or don’t want to spend $, or don’t want the extra work. It seems that most folks and politicians in Palisades had other agendas.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
So heartbreaking to see what’s happening. Thank you for your insight.
These  designs are exactly  how average Indian homes  look like , why do people in drier regions build home with woods ?
Curious to know how these houses handle the earthquakes, too.
This is what happens when you build houses outta toothpicks and plastic. If this was Europe (or many other places) this would have never happened.
Terrific video. Yes, there's much to learn and implement when building......    Can we please keep in mind the fact that Forestry and Fire prevention policies that were implemented before 1980 were WORKING WELL TO PREVENT FIRESTORMS.  Education, building to resist fire, and attention to the power needed to run sprinklers when a fire threatens your property are important.....but the effect of decades of bad decisions are issues that set the stage for the tragedy to occur, REPEATEDLY.  The neglect of Fire Roads/ Firebreaks.... Ignoring the status of reservoirs and emergency water supplies..... Chaotic evacuations without traffic control....and last, but not least, "kicking the can down the road" attitude about the need for rebuilding outdated reservoirs -- all the inaction after massive California wildfires from 2003 -- 2024 were  the responsibility of local and California State government.   Lifelong California native & resident: this state has a history of many fires. Dozens.   17 out of 20 of the Most Destructive Fires in California history all occurred between the years 2003 -- 2024.  Build safely ---> make damn certain building codes are updated.  Demand our state take immediate steps to clear dead and downed wood, controlled harvest of forest, and build an infrastructure that will protect people and property from firestorms.
Thank you for the great content!
Please!  Look up SmartCity Los Angeles 2029!!!
Why are the homes burned and not the trees staying next to the houses?
One person to blame for this. Gary Newsome, period.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
They are some other houses that survived the fire , while everything burned to ground in other places. maybe we should look into whom lived in these houses that God protected. maybe people who were more charitable, good hearts, people who believe in God and his protection.
Thank you for the great content!
Your destroyed house numbers (for the current LA Fires) seem to be ok but as for loss of life, THANK GOODNESS last nights reports were saying only 24 people (one set of remains was not human).  I had to look up what Lahaina was, guess my memory is failing but it was NOT CLEAR that you were talking about LAST Years Hawaii fire that took about 100 lives. (La Hina sounds like it could be in California, no?)
This was very informative, appreciate it.
great info, thank you
Were there any drones flying over LA in the last few weeks???
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Australian here. We have all our rain gutters covered in the fine stainless steel mesh shown on this video. The mesh runs from the metal roof sheet over the gutter. It excludes leaves and embers. We have many other fire measures such as surroundind hard stand and on site water, but the mesh would be easy for most people to install.
Where I live in the midwest most new wood frame homes today are built with 2x4's or similar, plywood, a moisture barrier, vinyl siding and windows. They go up quick in a fire, get blown down into little pieces in a tornado. We did walk throughs in the fire service of new buildings going up. We knew right away there was little thought given to fire prevention in residential homes. Many homes I have seen in the south are still made with real brick masonry. These do far better in tornadoes and external fires. I wouldn't buy a standard wood frame house where I live.
Did they never learn the 3 little pigs nursery rhyme
The backyard of the other house the Garage looks untouched
A lot of these houses, churches,etc were built in the 1920’s or before that, and are historic buildings!  I understand what you’re trying to say and appreciate you. I live in San Antonio, Tx and love our hill country.  Do you think MAGA will support these people if we go through this?  Probably, because Texas is a red state.  I’m a democrat!
WHAT? NO RICH PERSON puts in MISTERS and a Cistern? NO Metal or other fire resistant roofing/ siding. BEING RICH SURE DOES PROTECT YA! (ember screens, concrete, adobe, all things fire proof. MAYBE ANYTHING but wood, if you are going to not care to do anything preventative.GET RID OF TREES close to homes, and clear a good perimeter around the property. Metal fences. SO MANY CHOICES! ALL BETTER! MAYBE other peoples lives and homes would be saved if most or all would DO IT.
Come on its Tom Hanks, he got covid when it was 98% lethal. He laughs at fire.
Lets face it most american homes are just glorified garden sheds made of wood. Bricks & mortor are much better (but not in earthquake prone areas i guess). Stop building flimsy wooden house and build proper houses
There’s a deck rated ceramic decking material that looks very much like wood. Its advantages are no maintenance beyond basic cleaning (no re-staining), long life with virtually no visible wear, & obviously, it’s a fireproof surface. So it would be the perfect deck in a wildfire zone.
Tile roofs, stucco siding and ice plant and white rock gardens survive usually.
In answer to a common question, the reason a lot of LA houses were historically built from wood is because it's an earthquake zone. Like in Japan, the wood flexes, absorbing the horizontal vibrations, rather than collapsing. Newer buildings are built on bases that can move with the primary shear line (base isolation), or have methods of damping the movement. https://blog.ringfeder.com/compelling-reasons-for-earthquake-resistant-construction
A large fire occurred in St. Louis in the 1800’s.   It began on a crowded steamship port.   The fire chief, I believe , lost his life.     Afterward  for many, many years,  all houses were required to be built of brick.     We had so many brick factories,  St. Louis was nicknamed.   Brick City.
Hempcrete! So sad that hemp was banned to enrich a paper tycoon... WW2 hemp for victory! Fire proof houses 2025 hemp for victory! So many highly durable products can be made from hemp and are better for the environment but Robber Barrens can shape policy with money and things will keep getting worse for the many for the benefit of the few...
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
June-1985??? 115°+!!! Within a quarter mile of the ocean it was golden sunlight diffused 25 degrees milder than the inland 110°+ June sunshine so Culver City prevalent.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
pyrax glass
In the last few decade, not sure what is happening, but wild-fires look like bombs went off. I survived a huge wild-fire in Ontario in 1986. These things are something else..
You explained this so well, thank you!
How is it legal to not have eve vents?  I thought those were required by building code!
I don't think most people understand what 100 mph Santa Ana's can do.  Even CA natives.  It's outside comprehension what that wind speed, combined with 10% humidity and no rain in 8 months does.  I'm not sure any level of preparation was going to avoid disaster.  To avoid it, you would have needed to have most homes in the 2nd largest metro in the US be fire safe, the fire departments to have been 100% perfect in their execution, and winds to have died down so aircraft could operate.  It's just expecting too much at this stage in a metro that is too big.  If it wasn't Palisades it would have been another spot.  Greater LA is 5,000 square miles. Think about that.  Maybe in 25 years as they work through new codes, enhanced open space plans, etc.  But the world isn't ready for this right now.  Look at other Mediterranean environments facing climate change - it's happening in all of them.  Australia, Spain, Greece, etc.
and gas metter not on hose
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Concrete homes in California are asking for a disaster. Earthquakes tend to make things crack if they can’t flex and move.  I was considering residing my house with some sort of hardee planks. After this video I’m convinced.
Need to apply these things. Thank you.
I am from the Philippines.  My house is in a Subdivision,  made of concrete  materials  like hallow blocks and cement.    A ceiling made of cement bonded boards. Only the door jambs and panel  doors can be  burned.  On the other hand  my neighbours  house,  door jambs are made of steel and doors are made of galvanised  iron. No lumber were used.  So we do not worry every time we hear firetruck  sirens going towards  our direction.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Could it be their houses were built out of HEMP!!!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
There is also Pinkshield fire protective paints. Used on your house framing.
"we all know and love this actor",i guess thats the case if you support child abuse?
In structural steel construction we sometimes use intumescent paint as actual fireproofing.  I wonder if such a product could be used on the outside of a house to paint siding, eaves, soffits, etc. to protect from blowing flammables.  A product like this could be used to retrofit existing houses.  Maybe something like this plus adding a metal roof could provide protection for existing houses at a relatively small price. Another thing I was wondering about for normal houses- are the windows a common point of entry for fires?  Could fireproof shutters be retrofit to normal windows to protect them?
#Embers!!! Embers????
Everyone just go aged and build icf homes...problem solved
Some context for the Europeans in the comment section. Look up a global seismic hazard map and historical population growth. Northern Europe does not get real earthquakes. Italy's earthquakes are about as bad as coastal Oregon. Southern Spain's risk is similar to Vancouver, Canada. The closest place to Europe with a similar seismic risk as LA is Eastern Turkey near the Iranian border. Don’t forget population growth. Somewhere like France has only doubled their population since 1860, whereas California has a hundred times their 1860 population. Combine such growth with restrictive single use zoning laws since the 1910s, overpriced land from prop 13 since the 1970s and US mortgage subsidies since the 1930s and you're left with large expensive lots you can only build a single home on, leaving less of the budget for the actual building.
Hard to imagine any building technique can counter a 100MPH blowtorch + drought…
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Hello America.   If EVER there was a perfect example of why appropriate building standards are a good idea here it is.
If you have insurance, you're probably lucky in many areas if your house burned. It'll be a long time before these neighborhoods will be livable again.
I think the only thing to prevent this fire is to not export godless movies around the world.
The house that Greg built, from the pictures, there were bushes in the yard that looked pristine.  In general, trees were often left standing. That is counter-intuitive. Why were they ĺeft standing on properties where the houses were consumed?  Thank you for this informative clip. I will share it.
After the Great fire in London 1666 it is forbidden to build houses of wood. 350 years ago they understood.
Amazing content as always!
Big steel frame mesh bird/Faraday cage.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great video. I learned a lot, and I'm a realtor in LA!  Thanks.
The second house had stucco walls with a wood vertical finish on the front. likely has the Japanese Zen garden/ Gravel & rocks with the cement perimeter what saved the house? prevailing winds at the time the fire was right there and those stucco walls #1 the Cement wall and no plants #2  but both had to be there for the other to hold out. as for Tom Hanks home it's 100% because the fire was uphill from the home both the heat and spread went the other way
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Free speech is slowly going down the drain
Fire wall, can it protect your house? .
In South Africa 99% of houses and buildings are built out of brick or concrete, and we have either clay tiles, cement tiles or corrugated iron roofing which doesn't burn when embers land on it. Every year as fire season approaches, the local authorities burn a 300 metre wide firebreak around the entire town, doing it on calm days. The farmers also burn 50 to 100 metre wide firebreaks around their fields. All tree plantations trim all the lower branches to a height of 10 metres and clear away these branches which are burnt on a calm day. There is a 50 metre wide corridor under all main power lines where all growth is removed to prevent fires from sparks and also damge to the lines when fire occurs. And there's much more. I can't think of any place in SA that has burnt down except a large upmarket thatched complex in the Cape that was caught in a bush fire about 10 years ago because embers landed on the thatched roofs - dumb design.
Dead Jesus Christ is no savior,  Christianity destroyed USA. USA should adopt mesoamerican culture as American Culture.   Replace Jesus Christ & Cross with indigenous Native American Gods.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
a whole video to tell this and that. STOP USING WOOD. period.
are there building materials that will survive the DEW's?  (Direct Energy Weapons)
Pretty unsurvivable situation. Hempcrete has a high resistance to flame, but honestly, would anything survive? I am so sorry; my heart goes out to those affected.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I have been saying for years California burns every years because they have no fire prevention standards. They dont brush cut they dont limb, they dont remove and harvest downed trees. They dont  have controlled burns, they dont thin the forest and woodlands so the trees grow bigger with thicker bark and wont burn so easily. They need 12 month teams all over the state trained in assessing the forest and woodlands for fire prevention followed by teams that go in all year and follow up with the fire prevention maintenance. If they don’t get serious California will continue to be a raging inferno every year. They say they don’t have the money but you create these good jobs and increase your tax revenue. Mostly i think they just do not  care
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
As a result of these fires.. I'm thinking all insurance company's including the States insurance company ... Should do yearly inspections of all properties insured for fire hazard... Which rates could be based on or denied ..and at a minimum manditory on all new construction the fire mesh applied to all vents... And all outer surfaces to buildings , structures and fences have of a fire ratting of A...
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Touched by God...
The LA fires just like Lahaina and 911 are 100% controlled demolition!
This was super helpful, thanks!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
If anyone needed proof that in the end, an architect is supposed to save you money... Well, he really did his job right there
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
This is all great information. However, given the cost of living in California and the struggle of middle-class families trying to survive, the funds needed to upgrade homes is probably cost-prohibitive. We absolutely need to be smart about rebuilding in a natural desert in Cali, but I fear that, again, only the ultra wealthy will be able to. Some of these folks don't even have fire insurance anymore.
I believe the architect said the siding was stucco. Not sure about the front of the house.
Chat GPT is stupid It was recommending asphalt shingles asphalt is pitch based highly flammable once is start to melt you can not control it and hard to extinguish with water. some new shingles embedded with fiberglass which resist small embers they not provide as much protection against larger, high-intensity embers. I would stay away from it. The asphalt used in shingles is a byproduct of the oil refining process. This composition helps make shingles more affordable, but also introduces some fire risks. Planting trees with high content of oils eucalyptus, palm trees, Olive trees, Coconuts trees, Jojoba trees, etc also should be avoided. Great video. Regardless they will blame everything on the government.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Impressive, Matt. Well researched, very practical, and so relevant.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
A responsible, timely video. These horrific fires may well be the American warning of worse things soon to come.  I'm in Southern California and all the signs are there for the hottest  summer ever coming.this year. We can wait or we can do something now.. Forget the arguments about the CAUSES of these higher temperatures and drier conditions. Whatever the causes, they are happening.and greater fire danger is coming with them. It's time, as Matt says, to do something now.
Matt, buy a copy of the Australian Standard, AS 3959, "Construction of Buildings in Bushfire-Prone Areas". You can buy a pdf copy online. Although it's regulatory, you could use it to form a laundry list of things to be mindful of.
I'm guessing that their refusal of a electronic electric meter is why they're still standing
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
How old is this? There not 75 deaths in these 2025 LA Fires. I just finished watching an local update . The death toll is 21, not 75.
This was super helpful, thanks!
Need to rebuild with aircrete so the houses are fire proof.
You explained this so well, thank you!
A lot of people commenting are looking at fires that happened in the forested areas of NorCal and applying them to SoCal. Our very climates are different. The Camp Fire was 470 miles from us; Napa is 400 miles away. There is lots of rainfall up there and actual forest. We don’t have that. We have scrub and some scrawny pine trees. Near Pacific Palisades, you can see the dry dirt between each bush—they’re so spread out from each other. Our state is huge. Expecting SoCal to change our codes based on what happened in the north is like expecting Arkansas to prepare for hurricanes because they hit Texas.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
In case of hurricane, your neighbor is indeed a threat for your house with all kind of debris that can be projected against your own house. Hurricane wind gusts are no joke, that's why Miami-Dade building code forces you to protect all your ingress/egress with approved panels or be hurricane-proof.
Why are the houses burnt to ashes yet the bushes and trees seem to be untouched?
Hempcreat would be good for the deck
Great job, this video was very useful!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Use concrete you muppets
I designed a fireproof home for a coworker in Coal Creak Canyon outside Denver.  Steel roof, steel studs and joists. Stucco outside walls and an outside fire suppression system with a 4,000 gal cistern with a non electric pump to make sure it would work if the electrical system failed and a gravel surround barrier around the outside of the house.  The owner commented that he was not sure he would want to live there if everything around him burned.  I said, at least your investment was totally saved and you could buy the land around you after fire for peanuts.  The funny thing is that it cost little extra for this design and build over wood.
That could be James Harding siding
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
So wise, Thank you . For every thing that you do to build better more user friendly houses
My home survived. It was because its last on the drive and in a cove that the winds missed. It’s also cinderblock. My neighbor’s steel clad home melted.
I was a part of a house built in the middle of the wildfires in Oregon 2020. We had just finished siding and insulation was in. The house was on a hillside wooded area. Houses on either side and directly across the street all burned down. And trees 10 ft away from the back of the house scorched. We believe it has the cement plank siding that saved it. Detroit Lake in Oregon, you can read about the devastation.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Makes sense. Keep fire away from house, house not catch fire. Heat is generally what catches the next thing and so on and most of these houses likely burned from being close to combustible materials.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Nice engineering. The question is these upgrades will add how much to a rebuild relative to what burned down?
Great job, but they won't be able to live there, no services ,and it will be a huge bolding site
Chicago and Los Angeles  Scenes that would soon take place in Chicago and other large cities also passed before me. As wickedness increased and the protecting power of God was withdrawn there were destructive winds and tempests. Buildings were destroyed by fire and shaken down by earthquakes....   Some time after this I was shown that the vision of buildings in Chicago and the draft upon the means of our people to erect them, and their destruction, was an object lesson for our people, warning them not to invest largely of their means in property in Chicago, or any other city, unless the providence of God should positively open the way and plainly point out duty to build or buy as necessary in giving the note of warning.. LDE 113-LDE 113.4 Ellen G White
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Granddaughter of home builders and a diy remodeler hoping to design build one day. So appreciate this video! Your Godly compassion is earth moving.   We join you in praying for LA and those whove recently lost homes.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Err - don't build your house of wood?
Kudo's for this story Matt!!  The public needs a steady exposure to this version of the event and not the typical media "disaster porn."
Thank you for the great content!
I have always wanted a concrete house. I honestly don’t know why houses in places like this that have fires all the time aren’t concrete. Sure it’s a bit more but SO worth it! Just because you’ve been doing something for a long time doesn’t mean it’s the best way. Wood houses in my eyes are trash.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Some homes saved by people spending night on the roof using garden hose , so makes zero advantage what house made off ,whilst what no one is talking about is the fact these fires are on the increase why would anyone re build NOW when it could burn down in the next fire season even the fire service says ‘ the only solution to these fires is to run away ‘.
When Americans start building with concrete destruction stops.
I'm surprised he didn't mention hempcrete. Hempcrete is a more environmentally friendly alternative to concrete that uses waste material from hemp plants. It is lighter and easier to work with than concrete and is extremely fire resistant. Also, unlike concrete, it is carbon negative, hempcrete actually absorbs carbon dioxide throughout its life span and is mold and rot resistant. Several companies make them as easy to assemble blocks  that can replace mason blocks or they can be used with regular stick framing. Hempcrete blocks act as their own vapor barrier and insulation with an R-value that's on par with traditional 2x4 walls with fiberglass, so they can simplify home building by eliminating the need for insulation and vapor barriers. Sativa Building Systems "Z-Panel" was one option I was exploring for my future home, once they make it to full scale production. It has a Class A fire rating.
Living in San Francisco with most cases only inches of space between buildings has always perplexed me. Sadly it’s only a matter of time and how big the earthquake.
Just a couple of points. Have to commend the construction of these houses to have survived this fire. However, these houses are not in the middle of desert. The whole community has been destroyed. The infrastructure is almost nonexistent. Who could live in a single house that survived among hundreds? Not to mention the smoke damage and unhealthy environment.  You also made the point of getting rid of trees, shrubs and other flammable material. Living within concrete walls is not people’s idea of quality living, especially close to the ocean.   Another thing, just like hurricane zone, if new regulations are implemented, it will send the prices of these new homes to the stratosphere. Millionaires will be fine, but the average citizen will not be able to afford a new construction. Not mention that many builders will take advantage to fill their pockets.
Sodom is burning
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Even those homes that make it, it’s just so depressing because you have to live in a neighborhood that is gone and the smoke and ash in the air will last for months. And it will be many years until the neighborhood is back to normal.  Our thoughts and prayers with all those affected by this tragedy. Godspeed!
Great video. Just curious if these fires are hot enough to melt aluminum how are these trees still standing?
I watched my childhood school MELT in this fire. It was made entirely of stone, brick, concrete. No wood. I don’t really know how much good architecture can do against these winds.
👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋QUE  DEUS  TE  ABENÇOE  GRANDEMENTE SOU  A  GENI   AQUI  DO  BRASIL
I was burned out in the 2018 Malibu fire. my place was right next to another that did not burn. the difference being vents in the eves of the house. My place had vents, the sparks from the wind entered the vents and took my place out. the other house was 4 feet way, no vents.
where is Batman? Where is Superman? Where is Spiderman?  Where is Captain America? Where is marvel? Where is Israeli the chosen people? Who will safe you???
I live in central WA state and have been thru 5 range fires, three of which burned right up to my defenses. When I built, I received a pamphlet from the permitting office that explained how to layout my landscaping for fire resistance. I was in a saddle above a steep slope covered in short sagebrush and other shrub steppe wild things. The pamphlet showed how far flames being blown up that slope would go at various wind speed. The max shown was 200 ft. Darn it, my house was not 200 ft away from my property line. I can and do thin all the way down that slope to the property line. I thin because clearing requires something to hold soil and I am not rich enough for that. During the first fire, which was caused by teenagers tossing firecrackers out their car window, I learned that the winds coming down my narrow valley wrap around a bowl in the terrain and speed up as they are concentrated up and over my saddle (where the house is). The heat from that once scorched a small mugo pine that is about 15 ft from my house. The fire had creeped into short-mowed dry grass and, even though stopped by a gravel road and 10 ft of pea gravel landscaping, had scorched the tree. I was lucky it did not ignite (I keep it well-watered). The pamphlet also required all my trees and tall shrubs be free of foliage to the 6 ft mark. I made sure of that and the deer keep them cleaned off to just about that anyway. I ran a circle drive of gravel around my house. I mow on the other side of that. Gravel from the drive to the buildings, with some plants interspersed in the 5-30 ft defense line. No plants in the 5’ zone next to buildings. All my buildings are metal sided and roofed but a fireman told me radiant heat will ignite wood behind it. That is why the fire barrier behind metal was mentioned in this video. I do not have to deal with many embers because the nearest forest is not in the wind path to my house, but I have every opening in my buildings sealed with the 1/8” steel mesh anyway. I keep the nooks and crannies around my buildings clear of leaves and debris. When a fire is headed my way I have a fire cart with all my important things to be loaded in my Honda Element along with my dogs and old cat and I can leave in 10 minutes; I have arranged with friends to bunk with them until I can get back home. I do not worry about my buildings because I compete with only 3 other properties during fire triage. They protect mine first mainly because it takes the brunt of the fire and if they can stop it at my place then the others are less likely to ignite. However, firefighters take one look at my place and move on quite quickly to the next easiest to save. Those who have not bothered to fireproof their properties are last; it is efficient. They cannot spend the time it would take to save 3 houses  on trying to save one house. It’s triage.  My fire cart holds a portable file box for the important papers, thumb drives of photos, carry-on luggage with clothing and toiletries, and my portable fire-resistant safe with the REALLY important papers, and the cat carrier. Leashes are always in the car. And I run as soon as I can figure out that I am in the path of the fire. My road out will be choked with speeding vehicles driven by terrified people INTO the fire area to help their friends and family get livestock out. There are companies who are contracted to bring semis in to get livestock, all on a two lane with crumbling shoulders. You want to get out before these people head in. They take up the entire road on every corner. I advise not to build a house in a saddle, on a point blocking off a valley down which 45 and 55 mph winds will drive a fire. Do use metal exterior but be sure to have a fire block of some kind behind that metal. Build fire-wise. Good luck to all.
85 for the camp fire in Paradise.
ohhhhhhhh ya. in TRUE fashion, allllllllll this AFTER THE FACT
I don’t know where you heard 75 deaths but it’s around 25 as of 1/15/24. 25 too many.
Timber framed and timber clad houses with bitumen shingle roofs - burn in a fire hazard zone - no offence meant, but no shit sherlock - most advanced nation in the world - cost over safety in the building codes surely
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
I’m in California and retrofitting a 140 YO farmhouse to be as fire resistant as possible. I’ll use the screen in many ways, as an apron to prevent embers going under the house, same at the roof overhang to prevent access by embers to the wooden part of the roof that’s exposed. That’s real interesting about the vinyl windows melting away, I didn’t realize that. There will be landscaping considerations also. Thanks for all these important details.
8 minutes 30 seconds he said it was a stucco house
Imagine driving through your neighborhood and passing all your neighbors burned down houses to yours that is still standing. A victory and a tragedy at the same time.
The NFPA website also has similar information with the zones.
HA HA HA!!!!! good luck getting ANYONE in charge in LA or the entire state to CLUE IN
All those climate resources.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Tom Hank is a very wise man. Give his Architect a Cigar!
Concrete house on a fault line is a problem. So wood happens by default.
How was fireproofing not already required in the pallisades??
This was super helpful, thanks!
The Santa Anna Winds are katabatic, these are winds that come over the mountain ridges and then down the slope, a lot of gusts. The Standard Gas Laws say that as this air volume drops down the slope the pressure increases, it get's hotter (and drier) and faster.  The other hillside factor is when fires burn of course the heat rises, this makes hillsides like chimneys (but inside out) directing and intensifying fire up the slope.    And great channel Matt. In the past couple of weeks I've had a couple of conversations about home insulation. I recommended your channel. My insulation knowledge is out of date, I've learned a lot from your videos. I hope you take the same comprehensive approach with fire safety.
Cloud seeding
Bet they weren't 6-.10 feet from their neighbors. All the new subdivisions now make houses super close together in California. That means it will go house to house in minutes.
Thank you for including scripture. God’s Word is fireproof
Great video Matt!
Perhaps rebuilding California homes need to have wildfire assessment by Australian professional consultation. Adoption of a BAL standard.
God also warning to turn from evil ways turn ask for forgiveness receive and believe in Jesus follow him
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
These standards should have been put in place decades ago every year CA has a fire season how stupid do you need to be to think this caught everybody  by surprised. FL has specific codes for wind damage, becauseceverybyear they have hurricane season, yes some hurricanes are worse than others and take different paths but they are prepared unlike California.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Need to learn how to pray homes with faithful Christians homes were spared.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
GREAT CONTENT!!!!
location, location, location
This is great but so many people are priced out and many folks can't afford to do total rebuilds of older houses so they are fire resistant. They gotta rely on mitigation of the surrounding area but even with that... the winds. I have a friend in the mountains of Colorado and she did all the mitigation her insurance company asked for when she bought the house and they even wanted her to do it on her neighbor's property despite her telling them it wasn't HER property and they still canceled her and she had to find a new company.
While most wood species are highly flammable, Red Cedar exhibits inherent fire-resistant properties due to its composition and unique cellular structure.
Just don’t build with wood. Concrete and rebar. I live in California.
Its disgustingbhow government failed. Building codes, fire needs water.  Fire dept with 50 unusable firetrucks? But typically no one will get fired. 60 mins is Ann apologist nshowvforvfailedvpolititions
So you mean painting your house blue is not the reason? #sarcasm
Only,  embers fly high over fences ....
Yest
Tom Hanks came worst off he now has all that contaminated land around him he wont be able to live there in his lifetime safely and will get no compensation  Poor Tom 😊
Appreciate the information!  Thank You!
Matt, thank you so much for your heart for the loss and suffering of the people affected. Thank you for putting some scripture in there ..because God is the only one we can lean on during tough times, and at all times for me. Thank you for your calling of better energy building. I’ve been rebuilding my grandparents home to live in for the last few years and I’ve learned so much from your channel as far as air sealing , Insulation and energy efficiency and the air quality. I’ve installed a Broan  ERV and a dehumidifier along with a highly efficient DC inverter cooling and heat pump system, all on a budget and I just wanna thank you for your advice. You’ve helped me so much to build the home that I plan to live in until I die,  keep up the good work, my friend thank you brother
Every house in palisades will now be built like this
only a few minutes into the video, but also looks like the homeowner has the utilities outside the perimeter too? if so, the smartmeter it out by the street....that lithium battery would not do well in the fire...
I'm 20 miles from the LA fires. Smoke out my window (not now, clear today). My PhD is a different subject, but I think dependence on 1940s thinking, centralized police/fire protection rather than some kind of decentralized systems on site. People who stayed - this is anecdotal not science - some used pool water or just pumps and water to stop embers from spreading fires to their homes. Some just used misters to moisten the area, this killing the embers. I'm not being anti-govt, but those who left and waited for some centralized fire fighters, they saw waves of fire spread from house to house, to engulf 20,000 homes over 90 square km. We all have automatic watering systems in our landscaping outside. I think some basic landscaping pipe on the crest of the roof could spray water on a roof when a house detected fire near it, this to automatically protect the house even during full evacuations. - I hear concrete houses did better. The old wood ones went up fast. California, we build for earthquakes, so much concrete. Yes, wood fences, one firefighter on TV said the wood fences were spreading fires from house to house.
What i noticed about Paris Hilton's home, was that there was absolutely no vegetation plant life around her home, and it was still destroyed.
Don't live in a fire zone so you don't ever have to worry about fire proofing your house!!
I have experienced those winds as a semi truck driver and they are brutal. In a semi truck it feels like an invisible hand is shaking your truck violently from left to right.
Thanks so much for sharing - great learning!
I noticed in many pictures the plastic trash bins look untouched, even in this picture. Are they treated with fire resistant material or something?
Floridian here, who has lived through many hurricanes. 100 mile an hour winds fueling a fire is beyond horrific but that wind speed  is actually a category 1 level wind, not a category 5.
Lasers can’t burn houses with blue roofs or graveled roofs from above…Biden admitted it and photos from Hawaii showed blue roofs were not touched by laser from the sky. Don’t be fooled government is behind this fire land grab. Steel Rims don’t melt from fires they melt from lasers. Check the Hawaii video steel wheels melted that’s impossible from a normal house fire…
In the press conferences they were talking about cutting red tape and regulations in order for people to rebuild faster. I hope this does not relate to fire safety. As sad it is, there is a unique opportunity to build entire neighborhoods based on the highest fire safety standards possible. This does not only include A grade materials and other measures homeowners can apply themselves, but also adding a fire hydrant infrastructure, which is not getting overwhelmed when a large count of fires have to be extinguished at the same time. Yes, it will be expensive, but it's a good investment in the future of the community, as severe weather events are becoming more frequent.
It is murder just like the other ones.The fire hydrants had no water.
Cali lets the environmental people rule the roost u can’t do shit about that when they took everyone septic systems  and installed  city sewage systems across the so cal area that was the writing on the wall all to protect underground water ?   That no one uses ?  Nobody has a well yet  every house has a natural gas line running to it.  Make that make sense.  Water every year enters the wash systems and runs off into the ocean roofs have cedar shake on them. And it’s 20 k for a new roof for a 1 k sq ft home.  U can’t do shit it’s all controled   The only people like hanks property $$$$ and a permit  notice there’s no old wood that’s been painted 20 times.  Like most of the old structures.  Burn it and start over newsome has a plan.    Yea. I bet he does. I left 50 years ago under  brown another. Moron most the houses have pools that’s your water holding tank to reverse sprinkler system  what. 10 k. There’s a ton of new tech  roofs stucco a plus  boxed eaves   It’s a concrete jungle.   What’s to burn but the hills  mountains   No plan. No standards u think 2025  self sufficient buildings   There all a million bucks  ?   U spend that much on a 70 year old wood structure. ?
Someone said they saw someone starting the fire. Maybe they need empty land to build the 5-10 minute cities.
His house is similar to many other celebrity homes that burned, metal roofs, large swimming pools and concret etc even more so than Toms. I think this area just got lucky was all. Wish many more got lucky though.
Why do something practical like that when you can colonise Mars where colon is the operative word. 🤪
YouTube doesn't want me to watch this  - it is switching to 30 second ads every couple seconds! I can't type more than a couple words at a time!😠
Thank you for this video.   I would add that the principles of permaculture would be well advised to be added to the planning tools.  By creating many many small natural structures of stone and earth to start planting all the water that does fall in the region, the aquifers will be replenished and such droughts will be mitigated.  Bless all the international fire fighters and other people stepping up to help out.
The Palasades have been around since the 50’s. Many of those homes didn’t fit your criteria for being fire safe. You’re not going to spend over a million dollars to protect a house that was built for less than $35k
At 10:00:00 - Would love for you to have mentioned natural gas meter in the front of the house.  One VERY big reason a defensible house becomes compromised is the gas meter exploding and becoming a blow torch and opens up the house to the outside.  Most often the meter is installed RIGHT next to the house.  This house was able to put the meter away from the house.  AWESOME!!
Yeah, the Infamous Santa Ana winds were definitely devilish. But the reason you "heard blow torches so often" is because a few men with blow torches were seen caught on CCTV And one was actually restrained with zip ties by neighbors, and then later let go by the judge. Surprise.
Karma ....usa is  Helping izrael genocide Palestinians......
I consider this video required viewing. Thank you for sharing.
I worked for Lowes and at our store we used pre scorch wood & a lot of builders would buy that. Because I live in Arizona builders like the pre scorched wood because they don’t burn that easily & people liked that for siding
I’m getting confused 🤔 😮😢😅
very good content!!!
We know, we just refuse to do it.
We had a fire above us blowing embers that singed our hair and clothes as we left. Before we left, i flung a sprinkler on top of the roof and turned it on full. The firefighter said it would not help. But, our metal roofed wood plank cabin was spared! PTL! It was so poorly built that it has no ventilation except where boards don't fit snugly. There is nothing square. There are tall firs and pines all over. It keeps it cooler and the humidity up.  I moved to the woods for a reason, not a desert. If it burns, it burns. But i will do more to mitigate and up our chances to survive now that i see how. But, i think that sprinkler on the roof did help. It ran for a week before we could get back. The back room had an  inch of water as it leaked between the metal sheets, but there is no flooring other than wooden planks poorly fit, so the water ran right on through watering the fire side of the yard, too. We have a terrible deck on that side, too. It was just the Grace of God that saved all of our homes in this area. One home 20 minutes northeast of us burned. They almost were burned alive! They heard something and looked outside. A wall of fire was blowing straight at their home. They hopped in their truck and took off! In 15 minutes the whole place was gone and their place was  in the open... it was the wind.   It took weeks and a cold snowy winter to finally put it out. Only one outbuilding was lost above us.  Wind changed the direction away from towns and communities all the way to Canada and sent it back our way. Even firefighters say it was all a miracle. It was terrifying. I did not think we would survive the ride out. I NEVER expected to see our home again. Except for ash and smoke until January, there was nothing burned, only our hair and clothes as we ran to the car.
Pardon me.! How much is done to make this work done and ADRESS the public health system department. . People losted homes and LIVES.
The house at 8:00 is just wild. So well done. I guess fire isn't a problem for the gas meter in the front of the house? Looks like the home also had solar and that didn't appear to be a problem?
There is concrete siding that looks like wood. It's great and rarely needs repainting;
Excellent information! 👍 These are truly life-saving materials that should be mandatory for all new structures built in these high fire-risk areas!   For existing structures, many of these materials could have been integrated or utilized along with a strict proactive neighborwide protocols for fire prevention, i.e. (clearing out all debris on a regular basis, heavily trimming back trees and landscape,, removing combustibles and accelerants from the home, and so much more).. I'm certainly not blaming these people for what happened to their homes, but I think so many had there heads in the sand and thought it would never happen to them . Many we're also heavily reliant on  the government to protect them, especially since many gave so much to the current administration. The fact that they were experiencing an unusually extreme drought situation, along with empty reservoirs and knowing that major cuts for firefighting equipment and personnel had been made, should have rung a bell in someone's mind.  Yes, these materials are not cheap, but what price do you put on the lives of your family members. And what price do you put on the the fact that you have no insurance and now have to find a place to live in an area that is unaffordable for most and has very few homes or apartments available. Even if you have insurance, you've lost your precious family, mementos and your beautiful neighborhood.  Sadly, hindsight is always 20/20. as this is a no-win situation for these residents. 😪   The scripture verse that you recited at the end of the video is one of my favorites. That beautiful verse came to mind the other day when I was watching the news and thinking on the heartbreak of all these people.  I'm praying that our God, who is near to the brokenhearted, will help and comfort these people in their time of need and that he will use this tragedy to "wake up" the lost and draw many souls to Jesus Christ, before it's too late..  God bless you, sir! 🙏❤️
YAKISUGI!
Thanks for your video-Home owner from Atlanta
meh dei hires doing what they do, making a mess of things then blaming anyone but their own ineptitude
Also the shape of the house that let wind passes by (whirling around) vs. sloped roof shape (for hurricane prone). In Taiwan, everything is concrete so when we have TYPHOON wind, flood, we just clean up afterwards and move on.
Congratulations for getting all these randoms to tune in on your channel. Bet you love all the attention it’s getting
Fascinating analysis.  Living in rural mountainous north Wales UK many older houses (100 yr plus) here have 2ft thick stone rubble walls with slate roofing - the cheap traditional local building material.  We also get 10 ft of rainfall over the year.  Ground and vegetation ranges from moist to soaking wet all year. External fire risk is VERY low therefore.
DEWs. DIRECTED ENERGY WEAPONS USED...like in PARADISE, CA!😮😮😮😮
I am not a builder, but I am a certified landscaper.  California has a 2 fold issue: first major earthquakes, second fire!  Both must be considered together!  Concrete, cinder block or brick won't do well in a quake, wood or vinyl siding and roofing is a fire problem.  I would prefer steel, concrete board, or stucco siding over a bias strapped corners wood frame.  From British tower fires aluminum poly clad and Aluminum composite materials (ACM) can be a risk. as the poly membrane often can burn  Landscaping: no plants close or adjacent to the house, especially no woody plantings. Gravel or river rock along the house, or concrete slabs I used dark blue granite gravel over a French drain in front of my 1950's home in a re-sodding, foundation insulating and drainage project last summer!  I live in the soggy North East so I had a wet basement, even though we have had several 3 to 6inch events since, I have had no water in the house.  Away from me.  In Chilli, they are using mesh screens (similar to the rollup mesh tarps on dump trucks) to extract water from cooling air high on mountains, could California use that to keep vegetation greener in higher elevations by drip irrigating the landscape high up in the hills and mountains.  I am not saying that - that would stop fires, but everything matters in slowing fire enough that we can stop it!  Water Supply:  1. Empty water supply. 2. Power turned off in fear of power grid being responsible or able to create more fire sources! 3. I am OK with turning off power, but municipalities and grid owners MUST provide emergency power for pumping stations that can provide 96 hours of PEAK emergency operation.  Solar, with Wind (BOTH) and a battery storage like a Tesla Power Wall.  Why Solar with Wind, fires are not a biggy with no wind, and the two together offers redundancy plus aren't generators banned in 2027 or something?  Even without the reservoir full, the pumps being powered down in my opinion without backup power is far worse than that empty reservoir!  Also single windmills transmit less harmonic waves to the properties where as multiple windmills can have audible harmonics that can even loud at a miles distance!   If a windmill is PURE mechanical energy turning a pump that can be far more efficient compared to a windmill making electricity then using the electricity to power a motor turning a pump. As a bonus maybe the system can permanently sever the grid connection to the pumps saving power everyday!  Remember we need that power to power all electric vehicles and this would be an easy way to save some.  Now homeowners who failed to clear or at least significantly attempt to clear brush that was required to be removed by law should be barred from incident insurance or FEMA assistance, and maybe be legally on the hook for immediately adjacent fire incidents if those clients or their insurance chooses to pursue legal action.
When you don’t know how to live. You will never have to ask yourself the question!! Regardless situation is ethical reasons for should be taken into consideration.?! I wouldn’t  seek a job position pardon for you to do economic opportunity for yourself. This is my opinion what is already on the social media to investigate 🔬
First time visitor to your channel. Appreciative that this turned out to be a thinking man’s video and not an Elon Musk.
I am from Austria.🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹  Learn everything from Austria!!!!!
This is the same complicity as the Maui fires
The entire country is at least in a 200 year fire zone or sooner. If your grandparents didn't talk about the fires they or their parents had and your parents never did... well  then ,it is getting to about be the time for them soon. You may still be spared. There are just risk averages. It doesn't mean it will happen, just if it does you'll be wrecked. The forests have been stockpiling fuel in the time between.
God bless all of them!
Years ago I saw a magazine in a Doctors office (Architectural Digest I think?) that features a FIRE PROOF house. It was adjacent to a National Forest with  thousands of acres of trees/fuel. The house was surrounded by about an acre of cleared space. Maybe a half acre of decomposed granite and a similar sized concrete pad. So NO fuel close to the house. Then all the  windows had metal shutters. The roof was metal and had a permanent sprinkler system. The roof had a 'lip' so in the event of a fire you turn on the water (pumped from the basement water storage using generator) and the flat roof becomes a 'lake' with about an inch of water. There were tiny holes on the 'lip' so water slowly trickled down the stucco walls.It was a very Modern design and it seems they are the best for fire areas. Amazing.
The government takes so much of my money and this is what they do.  They should have done a better job preventing and fighting fire.
NO TRESS BURNING WITH 1,200 DEGREE FIRES.  THIS IS DELIBERATE AND THEY ARE USING MICROWAVE OR DIRECT ENERGY WEAPONS.
Two words: Con Crete.
ALL roofs must be fireproof, ie. tile, metal, ect.
Noticed your not using an ad blocker @5:50, why?
to be honest its no freakn question that this happened… american houses are a joke… cardboard boxes, no wonder they burn like this
Thank you for sharing such important information.
Please be aware that the numbers thrown around are for "structures". I'm not saying it wasn't horrific,  but the way they are using it, it includes non habitable things like pool houses, sheds, detached garages, trailers and all vehicles.
10:50 Nice looking house.
Death count is 25, please don't spread misinformation
Cat 5 hurricane is 155+ mph winds, cat 2 is 100 mph.  Katrina was a cat 3 when it made landfall in Louisiana.
Are roof sprinklers recommended? Perhaps remotely controlled by an app?
Bark mulch next to the house is bad.
They are lucky that's it fire wind water land and space destroyed so many Era and planets
THIS IS BS hé pays for protection
Paradise had a fireproof garage with a melted lump of aluminum that used to be a corvette inside. Sure the building didn't ignite, but it became an oven then everything inside burned. It absorbed it all, no reflection and no air barriers.
Stop using Wood as  building Material
The front façades could be colored and stamped concrete instead of wood.
The trees survived quite well!  The trees survived better than the houses and cars.  How did those wooden trees survive?  Rather sus if you ask me!
plug your downspouts before wetting down your roof.  standing water in your gutters makes a big difference.  also, take aluminum foil and tape it into the seams where your decks meet your house.  it will keep embers from getting caught there and burning.
even  with strong winds , houses of concrete , bricks , glass and aluminium would be far less risky.....
i just saw a lightning fire rain down from LA dunno if that's real but this was a judgement for mocking the creator....now you know what number he really is 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Building in wood is just stupid. And in this case, terminally stupid. Houses built closely together of inflammable materials.  Like in the Great Fire Of London (1666). In Mexico we build of non-flammable, earthquake-resistant, reinforced concrete. In the USA you want to build cheap, so cheap that now you need to replace it all. Not to mention the primitive electrical distribution - cables in the air, oil filled transformers on wooden poles!
Blue roofs or moving to another state/country usually help when the government plays a role.
Looks like metal siding with roof.  Hanks house looks like 12in styrofoam block & concrete with nothing to burn.
Smart thought out defensible building is the secret excellent video
bricks....
I know exactly what you meant when you said "Monopoly Style". I love it when language makes the subject so clear.  🏠
city firefighting shifts are frequently on duty 48 hours - but not necessarily actively fighting fire.  wildland firefighting is usually 12 hour work shifts and 12 hour rest shifts.  many of the visiting crews will be on location for 2 weeks, and then trade out for fresh crews, if necessary.
MAKE THE 5 ft space around the whole house building  code
They never had smart metres
THIS a is extremely important and needs to be a huge topic now. This is why garden pots and statues are still standing. Stupid reporters keep acting like it is because of some mysterious reason, it’s like the words building materials are bad words.
I'm from the Uk and here we build our houses with bricks, cement render, wood grain fibre cement cladding, concrete or clay roof tiles and slate roof tiles, in fact anything that doesn't burn. In the US, you build your houses with timber and asphalt or bitumen roofs and plastic, in fact anything that will burn easily. And you wonder why so many houses have been lost in California?
If you are building a new house in America, nothing prevents the owner from ordering construction from any type of stone material (concrete, brick, aerated concrete, foam concrete, you name it). I can't say anything about owners of old houses that have already been built, but what a short-sighted person you have to be to build from wood in the 21st century. Everyone should remember the tale of the three little pigs.
I'm sorry to see so many people lose their homes and in some cases their lives. But what amazes me living here in the UK is for a wealthy nation like the US you build your houses out of materials we build our sheds out of!
This is bullshit. You think this was natural you're a fool. Car windshields do not melt while a tree next to it is unharmed. Most trees are unharmed while houses are in ashes. These were man-made fires. The trees that are burnt are burnt inside out did you see that?
That is probably where the tunnel is to traffic kids
I am subscribed to your channel because of your intelligence, forethought, and kindness.  Thanks Matt.  You are not only a true construction specialist but a hero for helping others.
Wildfires in urban areas are now serial structure fires.
Maybe if the windows aren’t heat tempered, then perhaps y’all could use the flush aluminum storm shutters like what is used in the hurricane prone areas?
Use double paned tempered glass for max fire resistance. Use metal shutters like many houses in Spain.
Democrap states  Hawaii and California VOTE  REPUBLICAN
I put in a steel fence made in Australia around my property. It was fire rated.
Respectful and constructive. We all need to adapt to this changing landscape.
100 mph winds is a Category 2 hurricane. So no, the wind speeds  do not equal Katrina which topped Category 5, but made landfall as a Category 3.
It's not really the builders fault. If people wanted a actual pickup truck they would drive around in a UniMog not a pickup from Ford. They bought the house them selfs. And the government approved it. Thus should be just fine. You can't have it both ways. Thus no protections or laws or redtape while being safe. No, consumer protections means not being safe. You have the freedom to drive a cybertruck on the normal road. I do not have that kind of a freedom. Just like i do not have the freedom to build a matchbox and call it a house. Nor build a cybertruck and call it a car.
If your in LA and watching this Stop Voting for Democrats, You lost everything because of their  policies and they decided to give you $750 Dollars. Ukraine got $835 Billion dollars, That $835 Billion could have gone to rebuilding your Homes , They are Laughing at all of you, Sign the petition to Get them Recalled and Hold another Election and vote someone in who will actually help all of you. 😢
Tom hanks, we all know and love? Wasn’t he at Epstein island?
Is there a publicly traded company associated with the materials? I'd like to buy some of their stock.
talking about hell makes los angeles hell..😂😂 Stupid president😂😂
Watch the City and County of Los Angeles PUNISH those Who Survive the fires and didn't lose their Homes with higher PROPERTY taxes, if they pay $15,000 a Year, the "Nice" city and county of Los Angeles will Punish them with having to PAY $45,000 Extra for having the Audacity of SURVIVING.
A fire retardant called Kocomo made in Cali is clear, odorless but expensive.
This is terrific!  Very interesting and informative.  Really appreciate learning from so many individual experts from various parts of the globe.  This is a treasure of information that is deeply enriching.  Many thanks to Matt and contributors.  And thanks for the Psalm, Matt.
@2:00   Building Materials for fireproofing....   Good ideas but are you not aware of the previous court cases in California regarding the many fires caused by the power lines and importantly the Smart Meters attached to the buildings that burned. As opposed to the unburnt buildings with no Smart Meters.   No matter how fire proof you build - those meters could undermine the efforts.
I sided my house with fire resistant hardi plank. I also put a metal shutter on the outside of a big window that faces fire spread in my area.
When I was watching the live videos during some of these fires, I couldn't help noticing how many homes had shrubbery "fences" all the way around their property. This not only acted as fuel for the fire, the tall bushes actually blocked firefighters access to the property, so they couldn't have put water on it if they had tried. I get that people want their privacy when the house next door is 10 feet away, but that's what curtains are for. In a place where fires are common, they need to make better choices.
I know its easy to say I told you so but unfortunately this was a disaster waiting to happen from poorly manged communities, expensive and out of reach for most adequate fire protection, dense built areas from poorly built homes and with no adequate fire extinguishers with proper fire suppressant and the most unfortunate is the massive ignorance of it all. If people especially our elected officials don't get serious like they are about the environment and serious over reaching regulations then this will continue to happen. The overly profiteering monopolistic insurance companies aren't going to help you and its been known for decades. If you can afford to pay the massive overly priced poorly built shacks in California then you should be able to afford to get your self protected with products that will undoubtedly save your house from a fire. If not then the main question is WHY LIVE THERE? There are far better areas with jobs etc that you can live  comfortably and not worry about losing everything you own 🤷🏽‍♂️ There lies the ignorance. There is nothing wrong with migrating your family to a safer and albeit less expensive area. The California glitz is far from worth it to deal with the inevitable fact of forest fire's and serious brush fires in an extremely dry and windy State. So as long as this willful obtuseness exist we'll unfortunately see this again and hopefully not but probably more worst then this terrific warning 🔥✌🏽🇺🇲
Why don’t Americans make there houses out of poured reinforced concrete?
just use concert
Not enough water, due to bad policy rejecting water flowing down from Canada. Water reservoir emptied for repairs during predicted high risk season. Not enough firefighters, combined with mostly useless DEI hires, while rejecting whites. Hardest firefighting lifting done by prison slave labor. Newscum has been warned by Tr*mp about this, yet ignored everything. Firechief knew the hydrants werent working months in advance. Insurers knew about the high risk and changed their fire policy. Only trusting sheep didn't know anything. But no worries, you got what you voted for. How about you prepare by not rejecting water and people able to do the job?
stainless steel screen is something I've been wishing was on the market for years. - not for fire resistance; for corrosion resistance.
Building using less flammable materials like stucco or concrete based siding, metal roof and vegetation that is away from the house. Fire-resistant blankets could be applied when a fire is approaching. Metal frame windows vs. vinyl frames I am not sure if they can make fiberglass frames more fire-resistant. vinyl or wood overhangs are problematic, metal would be better. Brick and stone is great as well as poured concrete walls. If I knew a fire was coming I would take down the trees and get rid of all the plants that are close to the house. Outdoor flat decks can have a stone or tile overlay.
Ipe decking (Brazilian hardwood) has the fire rating of concrete block
I have done home wildfire risk assessments after a 30 year wildfire career. It is a mystery to me how little people know.
STOP feeling for  them or apologizing   - "victims" kept their heads in the sand  People could have AND should have listen to the MANY warnings and examples   Eventually stupidity catches up to you
Just build EASY with ICF BLOCKS ICF FLAT ROOF and cover it with waterproof and mosaics or STONE ,,Temperate windows etc and insurance fail to collect a penny 😂
Your neighbor should've spent ten mins with a garden hose to put out that fire before bed.
Amazing, Tom Hanks house isn't made from super green materials.
Hello! I appreciate the verse that you read. Father God made everything for a purpose and for His glory.  We live in a clearing in our woods and though we have planted just a cluster of birch trees, we planted them away from the prevailing winds. I can see the benefit of the trees away from our house now.  The mesh was really intriguing; something so simple, but very protective. Thank you for all of the helpful information.
GLAD YOUR SAFE MAX HOPE YOU HAVE A COUPLE AIR FILTERS THEY HELP. GOD BLESS.LOOKING FORWrd to more of your excelent vids. KEEP ROCKIN...
the city of Pompeii destroyed by the lava of Vesuvius in 79 AD still has brick houses standing, but no wooden roofs.. I read that in order not to burn, wood must be dried according to the right lunations and according to certain parameters
If that was in Germany, I think hardly any house would have burned down…
Thank you for making this video, it was very informative. I hope every city and township watches this and learns. Fire fighters have a very tough job. Zoning and construction materials all need to be thoughtful of possible fires and work at preventing them.
I've lived in houses in many countries, always concrete and steel, never been in a house made of wood. I thought they only did that in Africa, but okay USA too, in other words 3rd world quality. Remind me never to buy a house in USA, oh right, too expensive.
You can build a structure and make safe from flames but not from heat, heat would cook whatever is inside except adobe houses.
Pretty sure the political stance is to blame for this loss of life, green deal turned to a massive Pollution release. For decades California has cleaned brush and built water sources for retarding fires, but then quit and were proud of  ...Plus what looks like a concerted effort to start fires with arsonist.  Were these guys just waiting for the right wind, those winds were advertised all the way back east. Was that a warning, sure sounded like an advertisement.  no water and plenty of brush to burn by arsonist??? And what's the deal with many Lasors on video?.
Where TF did you get that 75 number, the last I heard the body count was at 24!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Build houses out of brick.  Roofs should be tile.  Don't build houses so close together.
No trees, no bushes above the wall, all concrete. Fire burning so hot there is nothing that can stop it not even rain.
8:49 The concreate pathway and the brick wall around the house contains more building material then the house it selfs.
Thank you for sharing.  We plan on replacing all windows on our home.  We'll you use your video for researching windows.  😊 California
New here, thank you for your informative presentation! I don’t know yet if you made such videos, but do you have helpful build info for earthquake and hurricane disasters. I did see the incredible hurricane-proof homes that survived the Florida hurricane last year - expensive builds but all homes around them were destroyed. Thanks!
Both surviving houses shown, seem more like fortresses than homes.
Pourquoi ne pas construire en briques et béton comme en Europe ?
I think one of the things you mentioned at the end is very important. We need to stop this, “Hahaha, look what happened to those liberals in California!” It’s stunning to me how many posts I’ve seen where people are turning tragedy like this into opportunities to spew political hatred and cruelty. It’s just an awful thing to do. Death and life are in the power of the tongue.
Clearly having a flat and expansive roof saved them both great point here😊😊
Wowzie wowzi, haven’t seen Matt since I left Facebook eight years ago 👏👏👏👏 hallelujah❤
Long ago I remember seeing a 60-minute show where this woman invented a sheetrock material that wouldn't burn, and she couldn't sell the idea to the manufacturing companies.
metal roofs and concrete siding improve your odds, but when my hometown burned, I saw a lot of metal roofing sitting on piles of crumbled concrete.  defensible space, and minimizing spark traps give you your best chances.
As 30yr Firefighter, Fire Inspector and Fire Investigator as well as Wildland Firefighting certified I have just a few comments. (Sorry for Credentialing)First, yes this is an unbelievable tragedy and I feel for the victims. I was going to elaborate about construction materials and techniques but I think we got that. But I'll just say, it's not just about your house. It's a neighborhood. If the house next to you doesn't burn as rapidly then there is less fire to get to your home and so on. Lastly, the surroundings. We've heard alot about water supply and yes that's hugely important. But the biggest issue was surrounding terrain. No attempt to mitigate uphill fire extension with any form of firebreaks. Terraced hillsides to slow down water runoff and keep vegetation greener and moist, which slows fires moving uphill. Many small water capture dams and ponds for the same thing. I'm sorry, but complaining about drought when most water is just allowed to runoff to the ocean is counterproductive. Two years ago, the area got record rains, talked about atmospheric rivers, to the point of flooding and making the news. But, all that water was just allowed to runoff to the ocean. Capture some it, slow it down so things stay greener, and allow it to soak into the soil. Everything that slows the fire, helps prevent its spread. Good luck in the future.
Brick house superior from fire
Did anyone see the Oprah show many years ago where 2 Native American teenagers discovered hay wrapped in Styrofoam does not burn? Why was that ignored? Appreciating  all of the helpful ideas. Bless you, Thank you.
I feel so bad for them 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿
I hope the US govt stops insurance companies from trying to invalidate peoples policies after the fact.
As someone who lived in Ft. Lauderdale, FL and now LA. There very much is debris from Hurricanes that can affect your abode, the wind can take a roof off and throw a tree through your window.  The danger of the hurricane after the storm surge is the debris flying through the air only stopped by a building.
What about the garage on the destroyed house at the back
"if we build it right" Yeah, like theres been a great track record with that.
Hard to defend against d.e.w. Unless you have friends not aiming at you. Or a blue roof.
WRONG! Tom Hanks house is unscathed because it was covered in the blood of unborn babies
I watched a video showing Iiliff Street where the modern house survived. There are 3 modern houses and 2 older model ranches that survived across multiple blocks. I’m curious about the two ranches and what they did right; nobody is highlighting them!
They probably shut off the fresh air heat recovery system to prevent sucking in embers.
FREE CHAT GPT PROMP TO MAKE YOUR OWN FIRE DANCING GAVIN SHOW THE WORLD WHO HE REALLY IS  MAKE YOUR OWN MEME USING THIS PROMPT FOR DANCING GAVIN IN FRONT OF FLAMES/  A photorealistic image of a male politician resembling Gavin Newsom, dancing with animated, joyous movement in front of a roaring fire. He has slicked-back dark hair and is dressed in a slightly casual outfit, including a navy-blue blazer, open-collar white shirt, and dark trousers, to match the lively scene. The fire is large and dramatic, set in an open outdoor area with embers and sparks flying into the night sky. The lighting highlights the subject's face and movement, with a dynamic interplay of warm tones from the fire and shadows around him. Created using: photorealistic rendering, dynamic posing, natural color tones, realistic textures, high-definition quality, dramatic firelight effects, and a lively aesthetic.
The LA fires are horrific. But let's also not forget the homes in North Carolina devastated by floods during the recent hurricane. Tens of thousands of homes have been lost in LA fires. Hundreds of thousands of homes were lost in the North Carolina floods.
Good Presentation. The most basic end result - what is needed for your house to SAVE ITSELF? 1. Remove/Reduce hazards that create high intensity fire (combustible vegetation AND structures). 2. Make a 5’ to 30’ Ignition Resistant area around your home. —>That means - NO combustible Mulch. The most basic actionable factors found around homes that burn in an ember storm - Look at all combustible items around your home as KINDLING. Remove anything that is easy to ignite. Remove all KINDLING near your home.  Here is a recent study by IBHS - https://ibhs.org/wp-content/uploads/Suburban_Wildfire_Conflagration_WhitePaper.pdf
Interesting paper that says it is an Urban fire problem https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC10740386/?utm_source=flipboard&utm_content=other
*WE USED STUKO* OMG, This whole thing looks like comedy to me. If he would have used a Japanease traditional style like Yakisugi, i would understand the interview. This is just American brainrot at it's finest.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakisugi
Is the current highest fire rating (class A) really sufficient? Or is it just the best that the building supply industry wanting to offer? How fire resistant can you really make asphalt? And do you want to live in a structure impregnated with the fire suppressant chemicals that they add to try to increase fire rating? It seems like just putting lipstick on a pig. I realize there’s enormous vested interests in perpetuating these materials by the industry, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t better choices. Matt, you reviewed a Compressed Earth Block house for a post fire rebuild in Colorado. You introduced me to the Perfect Wall System and CEB provides 3-1/2 of the 4 major functions of that perfect wall system. Art Ludwig has been working on holistic fire resistant design and constriction methods in S Cal, you should go interview/tour his stuff. Also, check out Dr Michele Barbato’s work on fireproof housing at UC Davis - worth an interview on wildfire impacts of home design.
Hurricanes sometimes a neighbors tree could fall on your house car etc.  fire could catch on a palm and leap to a neighbors roof or tree. Also gas leaks are a danger in hurricanes.  Sparks on overhead electrical or cable lines could ignite a fire between neighbors.  Unsecured shed or heavy equipment furniture etc outside could crash into the neighbors Windows door etc. Neighbors look at each other's property before a storm hurricane and talk with each other to avoid as much of neighborly destruction.
Our living God save their house 🏠
What most ppl seem to miss is, in usual home construction, the attic has soffit vents and roof vents to keep hot air from building up in the attic and to also prevent moisture build up. That vent combo creates at CHIMNEY effect in the attic. So during a wildfire event, blowing sparks get sucked into attics by that chimney effect and catch them on fire. You'd think by now it'd be in the building code to have all those homes equipped with soffit and roof vent shutters that could be closed during times you want to STOP the chimney effect.  Notice how Tom Hanks house has no attic, no soffit or roof vents. No way for flying sparks to get inside and start a fire inside the home.
Excellent video. Thanks.
Why were fire works allowed at N.Y in a potential tinder box?
People see and think of fires and controlled, in your fireplace, in your furnace, or in your fire pit... But people don't think about what any of those fires look like in 90mph winds. Can you outrun 90pmh winds? Now what if those 90mph winds are literally ON FIRE. Scary as crap.
EVERYONE needs to watch " Design for Disaster, the Bel Air Conflagration" it's a short Documentary.......FROM 1961!!!!! I was 1 month old!!!!! It's about a fire in Bel Air. And it talks about EVERYTHING I am hearing on the news about the current fires.  Except 60years more brush in a lot of the areas that are burning.  INCONCEIVABLE...PLEASE WATCH IT!!!
Flat roofs suck. They are liable to leaks. And attract expensive repair bills. Plus they are ugly. Tom Hanks’ house might have made it but it’s not how my dream house look like. Materials are definitely are the key, but hopefully it can be all adapted to also look nice.
Well  if the aluminum rims on the car melted, wouldn't aluminum framing on the windows also melt? Even if the y are not touched directly by flame, the air must get rather darned hot.
They need to build houses like they do in mexico , Concrete molded.Lived there and they never had any issues.
Seems the Govt isn’t useful…. 💁🏼‍♀️
Or just do everything concrete pour and metal....
Great info.
California should be using more stone, adobe, and other masonry construction. Just cladding a house in non-combustible materials like masonry and steel would have saved so many homes. Wood on the inside, masonry and metal on the outside.
Wow! Great show
Unfortunately a lot of people build to an aesthetic desire and not practicality.
Catch the Demonic Ring for this Arson.  Devastating for the   Families Where there Loved ones lost there life's.
No plants, no fires.
The back garage behind the burned house in example 2 looks untouched as well.
Matt Risinger, could 14 inch thick  Adobe walls with a lime plastered roof be more suitable for California?
South eastern Australia has lots of information about building in high risk bushfire zones. Our house survived a bushfire in February 2024. We had been preparing our timber house for bushfire for over 20 years. Defendable space, roof sprinkler system, independent water supply, fuel pump so we were not reliant on electricity, and metal-meshing all gaps. Well maintained garden and surrounds all help. Careful garden plant selection and placement. We were there to defend with support of fire fighters.
The building was perfect but when a man of God comes with the scripture. All Praise Glory Honor be unto God. As an emerging builder I will continue to use your videos as a tool. I am planning to take both my general contractor and building official exam. .could you recommend any books to help me pass my exam? Thank you
The architect said the house has a stucco outer wall so probably made to look like wood.
Tom Hanks’s house looks ugly but it survived…too bad.
Small correction on your comparison. 96-110 mph sustained winds are a category 2 hurricane. Category 5 is equal to or greater than 157 mph sustained winds. The damaged level difference between a Cat 2 or Cat 5 hurricane is extensive. In a Cat 2 there will be extensive damage to structures but they will stay standing. Very few structures can survive a Cat 5. Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Cat 3. The day before it was a Cat 5 with 175 mph winds.
If the hurricanes bad enough and your neighbor's house floats / blows into yours.... Even if just the roof peels off That's enough mass to destroy whatever you built.
Excellent Demo Thanks!
I just wonder how much all of these great ideas cost and how ugly they are. Most of the people affected don’t have a lot of money. They bought their houses before housing skyrocketed. Many were canceled from insurance due to Californias insane regulations right before this fire. How will they be able to build the cheapest house let alone one with all the newest architecture? These innovations are great if you can make it so they can look as charming as the original houses, many were craftsmen, but new means very expensive. And unfortunately in my opinion ugly. Not everyone wants the modern boxy look. And the great increase in the price of housing in California was not due to  tangible things, but because of demand or the influx of people but when they try to rebuild those inflated prices will affect rebuilding. Maybe the building industry can work on that. If costs are out of reach no  amount of innovation will be possible. And tax payers are not a cash cow, they don’t have unlimited amounts of money to pay especially when the Cali government is such a complete waste!
The comments below by @jonanderson481 & @user-gg4of8kj6y suggest that folks in Los Angeles CAN science their way out of having their house go up in flames. You have to start with the right architecture & the right yard/landscaping design. This video needs to be aired on every network tv show in LA for the next month! Thanks for posting this Matt.
A 5' space is nothing in a forest fire.
Defensable space is really the open question.. home owners need green space and cannot have just concrete around a home..for obvious reasons..
Cardboard houses and no money for good fire prevention, but thanks to AIPAC bribery, hundreds of billions for Isreal
Maybe chet hanks wasnt joking about his family being in the illuminati. He clearly knew what was coming.
If you watch a lot of the videos of the aftermath, there is a lot of trash bins that look new, I've seen on blue bin that was melted but still useable.
Pay close attention to any homes that survived or people who actually saved their homes - that will ruin the master plan behind the on-purpose burning of the homes to clear the real estate for the ruling elite and their ideal 15 minute city and high density housing that is coming.  now, they will have to use eminent domain and lawsuits to steal the homes from people who made it through.  Mark my words - it's coming.
This is what I am talking about, when I made a comment on 1 of the new report. Technology is way advanced than years ago. Engineering is well advanced than years ago. How is it we still having these disastrous situation? Whether it be hurricanes, fires etc. We should be getting better at everything to preserve life and property 😢🇯🇲 I think they could make houses with sprinkler in the yard, in the house on the house. Turning a nob for these fires would be better than running away leave your house and your belongings. I mentioned sprinkler. I don't mean gardening sprinkler. So that's where the person's who is responsible ideas are going to come in, come on! Go to the drawing board and come up with ideas. 🎉
The whole point of this is to learn from these obsrvations and to apply them.  These observations will do no good unless they are fully applied.
Matt, I'd love to see a video on new things we should consider when building a house now to protect against increasing and worsening natural disasters do to climate change. Thinking future minded in the event they get much much more extreme.
You warmed my heart to hear you quote scripture. ❤
Tom Hanks > "we all know and love this actor"?!?!? Sorry, he did some perfect films but he's the devil worshipper in the frontline. No, thanks, some of us know why his house stayed: It hasn't been lazered ;)
Just like homes that are subject to hurricane force winds with higher building code standards, any new home and/or rebuilt home in those areas should have build standards for fire resistance. Existing homes should also be required to upgrade when installing a new roof, and insurance companies can aid the process by giving discounts for doing so.
Isn't PVC combustible if building a deck out of it?
After an airline crash, the airline industry is safer the next day.  I am sure when LA starts to rebuild improved fire prevention materials will be used.  Global wildfires are here to stay.  Mother Nature always has things up her sleeve from tsunami, hurricanes, earthquakes, volcanoes, meteorites, etc.
So the bottom  line you don't know  nothing
I went with metal siding bricks and metal roof just common sense house fire proof thanks I didn't think about fire proofing
In Canada in northern Alberta the town of Fort McMurray and recently Jasper both had very bad fires similar to LA which destroyed most of the towns. I recall hearing houses with attached wood decks were most likely to burn vs homes with decks not attached to the home. Wooden fences too a house with a fence attached to the home (for a gate) would burn and transfer it to the house.
What happens to insulation in the walls that are super heated from fire? Wouldn't that have to be replaced afterwards?
build concrete house and ceramic roof steel frame for roofing and fire resistant panels and paint use wood for decoration
These houses survived the fires 'in no small part' because they spent several million dollars building them. Houses for the very wealthy. built be millionaire contractors. As good as they sound, no way can average to below average incomes afford these solutions . Add in CA costs to clean sites, design, permit, manage and construct, you simply have impossible to achieve solutions.
Unvented attics, steel framing, aluminum window frames, mgo sheathing. These elements are the key components to building a non-combustible structure.
Thank you and bless you.
I'm sorry, I know you're looking at this through innocent eyes as a builder. Tom's house survived because it's Tom's house. "Wildfires" burn trees, but this fire, as with Paradise and Hawaii, demolished houses and left the trees. Microwaves explain these results. Wake up.
Earthships are the answer
Shou sugi ban siding! 👍🏼
I live in Canada. If you live in a forest area you have to conform to using fire proof materials. Wood sounds nice but you can use all kinds of wood like products that are fire proof.  Why would you want to build in a fire area if you don’t want to conform to changing your building plans.
Many stains for decking are oil based petrochemical type.
Love the video, but you really gotta do something about the S sounds in you're audio! Try a De-esser maybe.
Democrats strike again!
GAS METER IN THE FRONT OF THE CONCRETE WALL??
@Matt Risinger, I think a great follow up to this would be to invite the architect onto the show and talk through some of this stuff with him and perhaps choices he might make both again or different in the future.
I live in South Florida. All homes built after 1980 are built with concrete block and steel internal studs.
Not being a woke state and bringing in illegals that go around burning things using a MAP gas.  That would have prevented all this.  Democrat governance and Democrat thieves.
Oh gawd I thought he said a “cow” fire demonstration- I’m like Noooooo!
We're using a product called exacore on our exterior shear walls in San Diego and has a 1 hour fire rating in addition to our 1 hour assembly so it's pretty neat to be able to add that extra hour of rating with just one layer of screw on material. Densglass helps too.
I feel like after this awful California fire is over we are going to see a lot of change in everything that is badly needed !  Prayers for the people who have lost everything!! No one deserves this !! 😞❤️🙏
That architect deserves an award for his design great work!
The internet conspiracy theories are out of control. In my area everyone builds houses out of vinyl siding that gets destroyed by hail every few years. I will only use Hardy, brick and stucco.
Why they don’t stop building houses from flammable materials? Why they don’t build them from brick and concrete, like the rest of the world.
No more wooden frame house!
Do you have feelings about BuildBlocks   ICF and Monolithic Concrete Domes? They seem fire, storm, bug proof to me me. Thanks for sharing. The state needs to create a very large buffer between trees and homes. CO2 sequestration does NOT have to take place all throughout neighborhoods and cities. If Florida suffers a severe drought, it's over for thousands of properties.
Muito  bom  vídeo.  Parabéns !   Mais  vídeos  como  esse !!  👏 Vai  precisar  testar  através  de  maquetes  🏠 ( miniaturas  de  casas ),  com  diversos  tipos  de  materiais  e  fogos  sobre  elas,  para  concluir  os  materiais  mais  indicados  contra  fogos.   Os  terremotos  também  são  um  problema  na  Califórnia,  e  é  mais  um  motivo  de  preocupação  sobre  os  tipos  de  materiais  resistentes  a  isso.   Haverá  muito  estudo  e  muitos  testes  para  poder  descobrir  e  atender  de  forma  segura,  os  materiais  definitivamente  eficazes  contra  esses  dois  tipos  de  tragédias !
Not to be overly simplistic, but no matter where you build, you should always build defensively for the risks of the area you are in.
Stop building with too much wood.
I was just saying how crazy it is that WATER is the technology leaned on to fight these massive fires here in the US, which is archaic.  Preemptive action is the only way…..once the fires start, they’re nearly impossible to stop!!!! Here in Alaska we confront these same conditions each year, but we move like nobody’s coming to save us……..whatever help we do get from the govt simply supplements our personal efforts (never expected though, sadly)!!!!!      We have to start using our brains…..the technology is out there…….just ask NASA, just ask the United States military.     😅
Many homes in California have those wood shake roofs!
Don't forget about sprinkles inside!  Fires mostly start inside.Blessings from South Carolina
Question? There has been a lot of talk about smart meters vs digital meters. What kind of meter did this house have?
https://youtu.be/O9kMr5a-3zM Only new construction has any regulation. They have only recently started doing hardening and vegetation requirements on existing structures. Californians now get a wildfire report every 2 years if they are in a WUI. Too little too later. I've been talking about this for years..but mostly from the landscape side. No flammable material under building eaves is a good place to start. They need to start regulating vegetation and home hardening as homes are bought and sold or permitted for new work.
No offense but you are in correct in cat 5 winds speeds. Cat 1 is just under 100mph wind speed.
The one house that had no eaves, what about venting of the house  upper areas ? Is this an issue ?
Please contact authorities and architects in the US and share your expertisens, you could save many lives and homes
Concrete is good seeing the chimneys in homes survived
Maybe dont build your house out of kindling and petroleum foam 🤔🤔🤔 the houses burn more easily than the trees
Architects should consider Strawbale homes with lime, stucco outer layer.
Tom Hank's house looks like concrete...
Thank you for this video!
Do solar panels and electric cars accellerate fire???
My brother lost his house in the Santa Rosa fire.  That was a nightmare.  Then, fema came in, hired anybody with a dumptruck to scrap out the debris.  They hosed down the lots, scraped out everything they could and were paid by the load.  Some lots are still unbuildable, just holes in the ground.  After that, the new nightmare was finding an honest builder.  Both his house and my friend’s house were rebuilt with lots of mistakes the owners had to go back and pay someone to fix.  I think there were around 3,000 in that fire.  23,000 houses will never be rebuilt.  Lahaina isn’t even allowing building permits along the beach side of the road.  They lost about 1500 houses and 96 permits have been issued.
We can build fire, tornado and hurricane proof structures but most of them will not be aesthetically pleasing to the general population.
just build a concrete house from foundation to roof, put a firewall around adjacent houses use metal and concrete including the fences and use waterbase paints, and your good to go
Someone needs to stop lying to people!!! Your nose is probably maybe 14 inches long !! Everyone knows Toms House didn't burn down because it helps not being on Lazer path of Government weather CNC plasma they have on that state right now !!!!! So stop fibbing !!! Your full of it seriously and smells all the way over here
Much of California is not suited for modern living. Seems like builders would promote these materials, b/c that would increase the price of building, However, the price of rebuilding is certainly greater.
Why even bother risking building homes here again? That just seems ignorant to me.
If I built a house where I live, I’d want it to be earthquake proof (proximity to New Madrid fault) and have a storm shelter (tornado alley here).
Don't know if you've looked at these before, but a company called Embers Out manufactures all the various types of vents with a layer of ceramic wool inside the grating. Embers cannot enter at any wind speed. Downside would be airflow is restricted compared to other vent manufacturers. Not a problem in California climate though. I retrofitted the dormer, gable, soffit and foundation vents. In the vein of belt and suspenders I'm looking at closed cell coating of the entire inside attic.
Soffits over eaves.  Embers become caught under eaves then attic
I lived through the Lahaina fire. People love huge trees surrounding their properties not maintained.
Almost always attics are where fire gets sucked or pushed in thru eve vents.. houses remaining have no eve vents
oh no, a bunch of multi millionaires had one of their 10 properties burned down. How will they ever recover?
there is no way that car was subjected to 1,200 degrees on the right side. Look at the cement wall there. No fuel source to burn to produce enough heat like an incinerator to melt the right side yeet you can see the debris on the ground. I doubt it on the drivers side too at ground level...grass would burn for how long?  Give me a break. That's not caused by flames. You would have to have a flame thrower directed at the tires for how long to produce that effect? Even the back of the car is damaged but from what fuel source? BS...🤔
The reason this house did not burn it did not have pass through attic vents . Most of the fires that take the house is embers getting in the attic . Once the fire gets going those vents allow oxygen to be sucked through those vents into the house to feed the fire . Simple thing people could have done was cover up those vents . Kind of similar with hurricanes where windows are covered with plywood . It's a shame just that simple act may have saved lives and billions of dollars .   I think Californians can live in a bit of a fantasy world and can't be touched even though these types of events are not unusual but this case was on the extreme watch .   Having community watch programs including fire to let neighbors know properties are at risk
If it was aluminum siding the siding would have melted just like parts of the car
Remember the Laguna Canyon fire.  Stucco style homes were spared more often.
Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana, Northern California has fires like this and much bigger year after year after year.
Did we learn anything from recent Lahaina fire that killed 100?
The material used on the front of Greg Chasen's house could be Hardie board - or a similar fibre-cement product - which is a non-combustible siding that has a Class A fire rating.  Whatever it is, kudos to Greg for everything about this house.
Hello people have you not read the three little pigs,,,,straw, wood  brick!!!!
Use hemp blocks and hemp Crete and you will prevent fires in homes save heating
Homes built of sticks….where they should be built of fireproof materials…..including metal storm shutters…..this is not rocket science ….common sense….every year in Kalifornia there are brush fires of varying degrees of intensity…..figured they would have learned by now..
As an insulation company, we thank you for the great information. We will share your video to make people more aware of how susceptible their homes are and how to fix these issues.
Forgive my ignorance in asking this question as a foreigner why are American homes predominantly built out of wood? Are there material shortages or is brick and mortar just too expensive? My heart goes out to everyone affected by this horrendous event and to all those 1st responders and fire fighters 🙏🙏🙏
Yeah, Tennessee Carolina yeah they’re they’re still having problems. Nobody’s helping them.  Steel siding, steel roofing, and a big firebreak around your houses.
I'm curious why roof top sprinklers aren't a more common thing.  My husband and I were discussing ways to keep our solar panels clean because our roof is too high to reasonably climb to clean ourselves and we were thinking a simple sprinkler set up on the peak should be fairly cheap and fairly effective against dust (between professional cleanings) but would also add some fire protection.  The only real issue I see would be having strong enough water pressure to be effective once it gets up the house.
Do you know how ridiculous you sound. If you’re going to make a video like this take note. 1 Tom Hanks house is NOT in the line of fire and doesn’t have any close by neighbor house. 2 the second house the outer timber cladding is fire rated hardwood and has a metal cladding roof. Jeez man call yourself a builder ! Only thing I do agree with is your sympathy and prayers for people’s loss
Yeah, Tennessee Carolina yeah they’re they’re still having problems. Nobody’s helping them.
Smart meters usually contain lithium batteries. Perhaps they should not be attached to houses.
As a retired custom home builder for 45 years ,not only do the builders need educated but more importantly the home owner’s definitional need educated. The are the ones that pic out there curb appeal. The building Codes and Insurance Companies need too be involved as well. As with the events in California the infrastructure need up graded to accommodate the increase in population. The more houses you have the more water, bigger water supply lines
How do you fight 100 mile and hour winds. The fire department said that they need 3 trucks per house. When there are 4 or 5 houses burning then you have a fire storm. We California are a tuff breed.
It's also important where homes are built. In L.A. developer & builder associations gave 'campaign contributions' to L.A. politicians to waive prohibitions against building in high-fire danger areas. If you build a home in a flood zone it gets flooded; is it difficult to comprehend that building a house in a fire zone gets burned to the ground? When you look at the horrific images coming out of L.A. remember you're not only seeing effects of climate change but the failure of American democracy to function for the benefit of ordindary Americans.
Why do none of you seem to know about fireproof paint and fireproof shingles? Go see the videos you'll be amazed.
Sadly the second house is also screwed because it is now surrounded by devastation and also also is suffused with the surrounding smoke smell. I hope their insurance accounts for that. Sadly Tom Hanks house probably took a hit in value. That’s the very real unseen economic damage.
The WALL
Even in Brazilian poorest slums, we build with bricks because of fire! Americans don't know The Three Little Pigs story?  Is this the most powerful country in the world? 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
I like how the MAGA crowd loves to blame those in charge! I live in the southern CA mountains in a fairly conservative town. On my nightly bike ride I go by home after home that in a wind driven fire would have a 90% plus chance of burning to the ground. No defensible space, wooden fences, wooden decks, and shit all over their yards. But they are the first to blame the party in charge. It’s all about personal responsibility folks. If you think one party or the other is going to save your butt you’re delusional!
eschew #SMARTASSmeters
Oh come on … it’s who you know. Enough of the bs.
I wish Australia would send over your top Engineers. 👏
You completely ignored the fact that “the brush”, DID NOT BURN around either of those houses….odd?
The problem with building in that area is not only have you got to think about wildfires. You also have think about earthquakes, hurricanes, landslides and floods.
hopefully our government owners will make better decisions in the future.
America is now a third 🌎 use wood to build house.
I’ll admit a lot of CA residents don’t know to self rescue and be prepared. During the berry creek fire up north the ember front was 30’ high and 20miles wide. A literal title wave of embers. Have to have a water sprinkler system , gas or diesel powered, that you turn on and then leave. Don’t stay and die over a house!! Do what you can and evacuate ahead of time.
Interlocking Steel Shingles are  fire resistant, compared to Asphalt Shingles
In Calgary Alberta a few years ago an entire section of a street burned down. It was located on a hillside that has winds.  Why did this happen? Houses very large, set very close together with vinyl siding.  Vinyl is essentially plastic, it acts like jet fuel for fires. Wood construction with upper balconies covered in vinyl as well. City bylaws should be greatly improved on how housing is constructed and where it's located on the lot.  Most houses nearby have cedar 6' fences not treated, frequently aging.  It's dangerous to build like this, even in high humidity. Rot can create holes.
Read Surat Al-Baqarah ayat:266
Thank you for the information. I'm not a builder, but I live in Los Angeles, and love learning about possible life saving information and think it's important for homeowners to be educated and take some responsibility in the structure keeping them safe from the elements of life. I always wondered and puzzled  why the roofs in the desert were flat, but it now makes sense. I shared your video with most my family and friends. Thanks again!
RI Getting a shoutout !
Being from Colorado and having seen too many wildland-urban interface wildfires, I completely believe mitigation is a big key to keeping your house intact. The vast majority of houses I saw burning in last year's New Year Boulder County fire had landscaping and such against the buildings. It was the same in the recent Cali fires. Having evergreens near any building is like pouring fuel on them when a wildfire strikes. Mitigate, people, mitigate!
Those homeowners were reactive not pro active that’s why their houses got burned down, they have to learn how to be independent of their town/city’s water system and create their own.
Hmmm 🤔 fear will make people want container homes
Here in México, we build with bricks, cemento. So sorry what y are passing, my blessings. Regards from State of Mexico
Who knew concrete and steel would help against fire, what a revelation.
Yes between Trump inauguration bullying his way to the white house  and the fire in LA it cant get worst
Pre-Gavin forestry practices 🎉
Wood can be fire resistant but not fire proof. Stone and concrete are fire proof
There is fire resistant fibreglass matting available you know. It is significantly more expensive but it is available.  Fleming Yachts uses it to make the fuel tanks for their yachts, 1000 US gallons to 3000 US gallons of diesel fuel in capacity. They have used a blow torch on a tank for 10 minutes and not been able to even char the fibreglass. This product could be the base for a fire resistant fibreglass siding easily.
The short lesson from the rest of the world - use brick, reinforced concrete, metal tiles, and other non-combustible materials, and leave the wood for dog houses...
Oh no!  I see the architectural digest house above.  I’m in tears! What a beautiful home burnt to ashes! 🥲
Why is this more devastating than what's happening in Gaza or Ukraine? Is it because it's close?  Yes, it's sad what happened but that's what we have created as humans.  I know many of you will jump on me for being so heartless about what happened in Cali.  I am just trying to point out the unfairness in the world :) Happy New Year
most houses are made in woods/plyboard.time to change for concrete build.steel roof,steel frame,concrete wall.
I believe it's cementious siding . Definitely spelled wrong but it's siding made of cement
I have properties in other countries and currently rehabbing three in central America that are build with bocks and bricks. I live in a high fire zone now and the county Riverside makes you clear your property from weeds dead wood ect. If you DON'T they'll send someone out and you'll pay a waaay higher fee when they do it. My eves on my house the eves are wrapped with stucco and we have our own fire hydrant in the property. We have also paid to retrofit the house for earthquakes.  It's all about PREPAREDNESS.
All these rich people living in these dinky wooden houses.
Non sense.  Tom's house survived for the same reasons as Oprah's house in Maui survived.
Thank you for making this video!! People are familiar with construction types and know that there is a reason why some homes make it and some don't (fires, hurricanes, tornadoes).
Why is the damage done in North Carolina totally forgotten?  So little attention at the time, still people homeless there, no one rushing to help them as temps drop.
Is that a gas meter in front of the house?!?!? 😬😬😬😬
The architect said he used stucco for the exterior
It is crazy California enforced earthquake standards in building codes but no standards for fire which occurs more often than earthquakes. 🥺🤦‍♀️
M watching from RSA
Those screens would keep birds and rodents out as well as some bugs.
My firefighter husband says it’s partly a matter of time…. If you have enough fire resistance to give what’s around the house to burn down you’ll be ok.  He says it’s a great design feature to add exterior sprinklers with either water or foam.
ive heard that the homes that were spared like this one are compltely saturated with the smell of smoke. Smoke damage is almost as bad as the home burning down to the ground
❤ Thank you, very informative, prayers 🙏for all affected.😢
just don't build house with fuel for fire... stop using wood... try hempcrete or cement... or ceramic blocks... steel frames and steel roof, etc... just don't build with fuel for fires...
Tom's house is concrete, stop building straw houses and wise up build brick-concrete especially in regions prone to tornado's and fires
Building with wood is Stupid
17:55 Wow. Your house instantly conjured up memories of my boyhood home in Ohio, built in 1972. Any stucco on yours?
Building a fireproof home is simple  When you build your home out of volcanic rock it can't burn.  Pumicecrete is by far the best building material on the planet
Never thought of contractors as life savers. But you could literally save a life by the way you build a house
It's such a relief to hear the voices of engineers at this point in time talking about what can be done to help mitigate any damage done from future fires.
For anyone interested: Tom Hank's house was designed by architect Charles Gwathmey. Completed in 1997, Tom bought it in 2010, its 18,000 sq ft.
The 3 Little Pigs:  Pig 1:  Straw House Pig 2:  Wood House Pig 3:  Brick House   Brick for the win....  (Except If there's an Earthquake)  😕
I disagree that in hurricanes what happens to your neighbor's house doesn't affect yours.  If a neighbor's roof or awning blows off and hits your house, which happens all the time, it certainly does affect the houses around it depending on which way the wind is blowing.
Thank you for this video. Really appreciated looking at what is available in home designs for added fire protection and the discussion of different retro fireproofing tips. We live near a national forest on a very wooded property. With increased traffic and weather changes in recent years, I have had some increased concerned about our house and property setting. I will be using your links to research retros for our home and improvements to surrounding property.
This video show how   https://youtu.be/5r2YOHkEw6A
Look at the old garage behind the house to the left looks untouched as well
The huge 50yr old hedges 5ft from these houses didn’t help.
I'm sure insurance companies know all this an more. The buildings in LA, with the poor regulations to stop wildfires, no water. No wonder they pulled out. They should share their information and urge change to lower the risk of fires. They knew, but didn't warn, they just pulled out. I'm watching many videos about these fires and while people are taking about what the city should have done as a whole to help prevent wide spread fires, thank you for sharing what home owners can do.
Just go back to your childhood and learn the story of the 3 little pigs, it's not rocket science. If your house is built of wood it will burn. Bricks, breezeblock and concrete doesn't burn the way wood does.
Come on it’s DEW. Land grab just like Ashville or NWO 15 minutes cities agenda.
D.E.W. pulverizes everything but trees and blue-colored buildings and yes those infamous blue trash cans survived.
Mostly fiber cement panels have asbestos which is the best fire resistant, but...
How would the Box house faired?                                                                  just asking
I lived in Houston Texas at the "The Woodway Square Apartments fire of August 1979", they concluded that the cedar shingle roofs & siding were major contributors and were subsequently outlawed.  People blocks away were on their roofs with garden hoses protecting their roofs from the blowing embers.
Hanks was on a late night talk show years ago, talking about how he was told by the builder that his home was virtually fireproof.  They joked how he and Rita may find out if LA ever catches on fire.
Fires & Hurricanes ... then accept the unprecedented
PR at its finest
No connection to the construction industry or houses but found this fascinating! Thanks so much for posting!
Why is the garage still standing behind the house that burned? Another Hawaii fire?
This is not an accurate comparison... there were PLASTIC fences that didn't melt or fall down in this fire.....
I'm here to see if the best construction is the same as in Florida:  concrete block.    We need more insurance companies, more supply, more choice, more competition, lower prices. less regulation, lower barriers to entry.
There is a siding product made with cement. Called wood-imitation concrete" or "stamped concrete" . That could be what's on the front of that one house.
NFPA = National Fire Protection Association. They are a non-profit which publishes safety standards for fire, electrical & building systems.
Excellent video!!  You have done a wonderful service in an informative and useful manner.  I will definitely be looking for your videos again!
50, 60, 70 years ago we did not have the newly developed fire resistant products we have now, If you construct a new timber home today it should be much more fire resistant than years ago. Folks, make sure your contractor do not take short cuts.  I have to say I am from South Africa, and here we mostly build with brick and concrete, but if you know you're in such a dangerous zone, make sure to include sprinkler systems on your roof. I also understand those hilltop houses are built there for their views, so a 10ft boundary wall is also not feasible. Just plan this time, don't make the same mistake, you're starting now with a clean slate. This is from an Architect.
Our town doesn’t allow metal roofs and fences in the subdivision where I live.
Was there something "Dumb" not on them?
I recently read Fire Weather by John Vaillant. In the Fort McMurray fire the houses were very close together and had vinyl siding. Nearly the entire town burned, with some houses disappearing in the firestorm within five seconds! Everyone should read that book. The author also writes about the 2018 Carr Fire in CA.  One thing I would like to note. Some of the homes in Altadena were more than 60 - 70 years old. In all those years before today’s Climate Change they were fine as they had been built.😢 Any new builds for this dystopian future must be built for fires.
".. survive a horrific UH-vent..." I think you mean "E-vent".
Maybe it's not aluminium melted from the car , but lead from the battery
Wooden houses built with minimal distances which are filled with dry vegetation. Overhead power lines destroyed by wind and falling trees creating additional hazards. This is the american standard. I'm only surprised that this did not happen earlier. Same for Hurricane regions. Look what is left over after the storm passed an area. It's only toothpicks left. I admit that after a real Hurricane, european houses would be severely damaged too but most of them would still be standing. Our power lines are all underground except the very high voltage long distance lines. Even phone lines are 90% underground. Our houses are built of bricks and concrete with roof tiles made of fired clay. Yes this is expensive but it prevents such catastrophic events. And it saves a lot of heating and cooling energy and cost because of proper isolation. Maybe it's time to think about that...
11:30 sure that the house didn't resist fire because the firefighters defended it because they wanted to create a gap as the terrain on the left is empty? If you look at the house on the left it is pretty clear that the firefighters intervened
The problem with the house that survived is now it will be surrounded by miles of destroyed homes and infrastructure.  It will take a decade to rebuild those homes (Who will want to live in that?).  I would bet he would have been better off letting it burn down and taking the insurance money and moving.
So this will be the new standards for building houses and fire prone areas so that you’ll be able to claim insurance
Tom Hanks is a PDF mixwes up with Jeffrey Epstein
I wonder if the wood looking veneer on Greg's house was a fire resistant material stamped & colored to look like wood...
As usual a very thoughtful presentation.  A couple of notes.  CA building code instituted in 2008 mandates nearly all of these construction techniques in wildfire prone areas however it is up to the local goverments to adopt and enforce them.  It is my understanding that Palisades has adopted this code and Greg's house would have been required to incorporate nearly all the things he'd did.    I am a Northern California builder and virtually every project incorporates these measures in the areas I work in,  Class A roofs, fireproof soffits and eaves, intumescent vents or ventless construction, tempered glass etc.  Some cities are requiring a 5' wide noncombustible perimeter. An interesting note, metal roofs are not Class A.  They need an approved underlayment.  Also Ipe' wood decks are Class A.  There is little published data on  the performance of these hardened structures vs their neighbors,  One study claimed that hardened structures had double the survival rate as trad structures.  However they were still only 40% likely to survive.  As Greg noted they were very lucky.  I've been directly involved in five wild fires over the years.  I now live in downtown Napa and in the 2017 Tubbs fire sent an ember as big as your head into my yard from 5 miles away.  When  that north east wind blows hard nothing is safe.
These fires happen every year, Govt in Cali is so inane in not requiring the anti-fire features you show for the past decades.   They also refused to increase reservoir and drainage/holding ponds to capture and hold onto water for emergency use.  Their population went up by 60% the past 40 years, but no effort to protect the people. Criminal on all counts. (After Hurricane Andrew in 93 Florida adopted a strict Bldg code to prevent that type of destruction in new construction.)
This Was A Great Video SIR
“We are Americans and we are allergic to building houses with concrete so here are the tips of doing the same thing but expect a different result”. 😂😂😂
I'm glad the trees survived.
Do some research people tom hanks is a high up in the illuminati and a hard core Satanist. This is all premeditated!!!! Wake upppppp
I agree this was an Ember attack on dirt and debris filled roof line gutters... Listen people CLEAN YOUR ROOF GUTTERS !!!
From what I seen It depends where you live as the winds blew from the east and yes fire naturally will burn up. I’m sure they have all been warned from previous large fires not to have vegetation near the house. And not all are as wealthy as Tom Hanks who can have dual citizenship here and in Greece—I’m definitely sure most could not afford to build such a home either and not all are new so major remodel or build would be needed. It is Very unfortunate for the low income, but when I hear someone’s $24 million dollar VACATION home burned—‘crickets’. They need to get to a fire Much Faster when it starts among other things. Next up—here comes the mudslides.
We are building a high performance home in the Sierra Nevada ourselves with these specific details, to attempt to prevent total loss in wildfire country. Hardie, stone, standing seam metal roof, sealed soffits, no vents, conditioned attic and basement, tempered glass, gravel and of course defensible space. NGL - it's expensive. But it's the right thing to do in our situation. The only fire insurance option is through the CA Fair Plan.
Fire makes its own wind like a siphoning effect pulling the wind down the hill
wanna tell us wtf monopoly framing is??????
I'm in UK and my mouth is still hanging open at the fact that homes in USA?California? are mostly made ftom wood!!? Houses here are nearly always made of brick, often with concrete rendering. You only really see wood buildings in holiday or beach chalets, garden sheds, etc!! Is this all to do with temperatures? And yet this area is KNOWN for wildfires, so how come all this wood!!?? Seems pretty daft from here...Its like it goes back to your history of coyboys &  wooden ranches...?
Just so you know, most of those homes that survived, THEY HAVE THEIR OWN PERS0NAL FIREFIGHTING CREWS WITH THEIR OWN WATER SUPPLIES WHOM THEY PAY $10k PER DAY TO.  How do I know? I happen to know these people very well.  yeah, design is important, but also it REALLLLLY helps when you have enough money for your own firefighting crews.
What the hell is this guy talking about?  Explain why the blue cars did not catch fire and burn to ash.  Explain why the grass and trees are green next to a house of ash.  Do your research.  Don't tell us what you think you know.  PS Don't love tom hanks.
Thanks for the info Bro
nice vid, let me add when you speak of the aluminum melting and running down from the vehicle, you say the melting point of aluminum is 1200 degrees, but that means it was 1200 degrees where the aluminum melted, you also have to think how that happened, probably wheels burned and melted, the tires burned hot for a long time and brought that extreme 1200 degrees, nothing else,  the fiery winds blowing were probably nowhere near 1200 degrees, the aluminum melted after that vehicle burned for quite a while, like at least half an hour, which would mean at least 20 minutes from when the fire swept through, the fire in a 100mph wind does not sit on a house for 5 hours, it passes, if it lights while its passing its toast, if it doesnt light as it is passing it will likely not light up, those embers getting 'stuck' somewhere in, on, or around the house are the key, they have to be able to light something that can burn long enough to light the house, think of how hard it is to light a campfire, its the same thing, same fundamentals,, eaves collect fuel for fires, bushes around houses can be fuel, and if the embers get in your attic, its all over, the fire in an attic has fuel, its safe from too much wind, and its the biggest problem or cause of these houses being wiped out, those embers only had about 5 minutes of flying around the house to get in and start the fire, thats it, the fire moves and moves fast , if you survive the first pass you survive
Well surviving that type of disaster is pretty much the best type of endorsement you can give for someone who designs that, yeah?
I suspect sringly that the homeowner is either a fire fighter or has past experiences with wildfire devistation
Never vote Democrats. I agree homie.
Cool just have millions of dollars to buy a huge home with plenty of fire break thats not even an option in most affordable homes. Whats step 2? Become a millionaire?
No gutters to collect combustible leaves !
The problem we have is the bottom line is extra money to build and upgrade.
There's thousands of miles of pipelines that have been used for decades and proven successful. You have the ocean at your disposal.  Use your natural resources.
Absolutely 👍
They had the blood On the doorposts Resinger 😂
stop using wood? here in the netherlands we all briked up no fires like this has a chanse
The US started building out of wood early in its growth and settlement by Europeans. It was cheap and plentiful resource. As a result more industrial production surrounded it, tradesman got it to perfection in building with it, accessories were developed around it, and the American culture sees a wood home as … a home. Warm inviting etc. the challenge is that building with other materials; brick, stone, steel, composites, rammed earth, etc etc is not common or culturally desirable. However, if you’re building in a wildfire zone (or any unique climate) it should be considered what the most appropriate materials would be to minimize risk . Risk of fire, flood, ice, mudslides, tornado, earthquakes, etc. You wouldn’t build a house in the ocean front without building it on piers, why build with wood when it’s one of the most combustable materials . Hopefully when they rebuild they consider this fact.
Hanks was lucky the fire didn’t reach his home,(looks more like a warehouse ) it didn’t even reach the trees so the house was safe ,nothing to to do with the build or boundary’s.
LA fire gave them the info to mitigate wildfire danger and did nothing.
I've been a builder for 40 years in Virginia and I approve this video.
14 years ago, we had our vinyl siding replaced with Hardie Board - a cement based siding planking with embossed grain structure - I believe  it is an Australian company. We didn't do it for fire resistance but because our builders swore by the product.. We painted it then and haven't needed to paint it again since and I always thought that the limited expansion and contraction plus the non porous surface was the reason. I have had to caulk in a place or two and have pressure washed the surface but it is unaffected by seemingly anything. Can you comment on cement based siding or decking materials like Hardie Board? Thanks
In the 1980 s we framed town homes with a 5/8 gypsum for the fire walls between both units. I believe it was 2×6 wood stud walls. That was in the woodlands and April Sound developments. Around Lake Conroe north of Houston TX.
How many folks there were renters? They might as well move.
The gigantic fires create their own "weather " ie hot fronts .
Go underground house
CA will import and/or make you homeless by fire or foreclosure.
I think a lot of the damage could have been mitigated if wildfires had been taken into account. Not just build houses to withstand them, but also the way the urban landscape is designed.  Those palm trees, for example... they are very typical of LA, you see them everywhere..  but one ember and the whole top turns into an ember generator at 40-60ft high, which then ignites everything downwind.. including the next palm tree...   I also wondering about all the trash cans... I'm assuming it was trash collection day, but some of the streets in videos had lots of trash cans blocking the streets with their contents all scattered and blowing around in the winds.. one ember would be enough to set fire to the car it got trapped under...
i dont think id wanna live in a hood where i was the last house standing. but id be grateful as heck.
The tire rims melted we have a video from the woolsey fire years ago. On our channel it shows so many vehicles with there rims melted.
white is the best color to avoid the directed energy weapon.   THe laser is blue, so blue does stand a chance to survive, but white is even better.
🔥♨️💥It is the power of God that challenges all human powers.  .  Raise your hands from the injustice of humans. God does not like injustice. He made it forbidden and warned us against the injustice of peoples. 🔥♨️💥
Nicely done Matt, thanks for bringing attention to this topic. Much needed conversations and continued research is needed.
6mo. B4 the fire 😒 mmmmm built a fire proof  🏠 it passed the test
We don't all love Tom Hanks
It’s gonna take a decade to rebuild these houses and in California you’re not gonna get a permit to rebuild it’s gonna take years to get a permit to rebuild if you ever built in California you know what I’m talking about. It’s almost impossible to build anything in California because you have to go get permits for everything if we just brought the Amish and they would rebuild in one year just like the Amish went to North Carolina and built many homes for the people in North Carolina that still dealing with losing their houses in California. Most of these people have more than one house in North Carolina. A lot of people lost their houses and don’t have another house but the rebuild you gotta get all these permits And build by code and it’s almost impossible. They won’t rebuild California for a decade and it’ll be a 15 minute city they allow this to happen because they have a agenda in California if I was living in California, I would sue the government for not protecting the city you live inin California. Sometimes I think you deserve what you get. You had a chance to recall the governor and you voted him right back in sometimes I think you deserve what you get whatever you wanna rebuild you get the Amish.
Democrats outlawed defensible space and fined people for clearing NATURAL brush.
I think we need to start using hemp material.
immediately went to the comments to see the Republican conspiracy theories.———>
I am a building inspector and owned a construction company before... the things you are discussing are so basic. The British building regulations particularly in terms of fire, check out "Part B". There is a whole section on spreading fire from one house to the next, B4. I am staggered that in an area that has a history of forest fires, with timber framed houses that you are not leading the world in fire protection. It sounds like this is a story of neglect by the authorities but also buildings that were just hopelessly under protected from some really basic building technology.
I'm in America. I tell people about the Australia building and know body knows about.  Can't believe people california don't know about their fire prevention Technology
Excellent decision to do a show on raising building standards, Matt. The tragedies are many, but we need to use this a teaching moment to become better builders by meeting higher standards. Thanks
Maybe you should use more non-combustible materials such as AAC - Aereated Concrete !!! It can withstand fire up to 360 minutes !
They used concrete, stone and metal instead of matchsticks to build the houses and properties around them. Don't waste 28mins!
Anything rebuilt should have more hard fire retardant materials and all houses would have water spinners installed on roof
Looks like you can be a consultant to rebuild LA, and charge them plenty of $$$
Well obviously the embers can't catch concrete and steel or if the owner was hosing it down.....yes a dollop of luck in places but most of these homes had no protection from the embers in the wind
California’s fire problem Is sadly the result of mismanagement. I remember when residents were complaining about “ugly” fire breaks in the 60s-70s. Not long later they found an excuse to remove them. That’s just one issue. Unfortunately getting people to focus on prevention has been a nightmare.
100 mph is a low cat 2 hurricane. Just saying.  Having lived through a 5 and a 2 (and a 3) the difference is significant. But since we're talking fire, 100 mph wind is deadly serious. Another correction. You might not be able to hunker down in a hurricane. If you're in a flood zone and you have a 15' storm surge heading your way, how are you going to hunker down? And what's happening at your neighbors house can effect you. When their shingles are hitting your windows at 175 mph that's going to effect you. When their trees come crashing down, or stuff from their yard, etc.   That being said, I'll take a hurricane over wild fires any day. We build with block, CA doesn't want to clear combustible brush, helping the fire advance.
CONCRETE IS THE KEY
If your house survived, how do you protect it from the looters that are going crazy out there. They know even if they’re arrested if they’re illegal, they’ll be let loose within hours.
Tom Hanks house looks like a mall.
here in BRASIL we build concret and brick no fire
SORRY DONT LOVE TOM HANKS! But what I would love is to know who painted that build sign? Lol
We do not love Hanks here in LA. Hes a cabal terrible person
Stop watching the news
Great Vid Brother Matt. I'm here in So. Cal. One thing to know is that there is going to be a HUGE Uphill battle for anyone who wants to rebuild what they lost, Contractors, small biz home builders, and general contractors are going to be fighting against the Ultra financially elite who will oppose these rebuild efforts.  Remember Governor Neusense, LA County Mayor Karen Ass Gas Bas, are in the pockets of the ultra financially elite and will stone wall and sandbag every rebuild permit requested.  Politically California Is Now A Red State, but the DEMS Still holds California residents and biz owners hostage. By GOD'S Devine intervention and perhaps President Trump will smash these Dems strongholds and rebuilding may be allowed. Matt Use your God Given powers of discernment, and don't be Texas blind to the California politics. This is Why Texas has a Huge influx of California expats. They have had way too much of California's political overreaching.
I've always wondered why americans build houses with such weak materials, yes its cheap and its beautiful, but also dangerous when it comes to natural disaters, hurricanes and wildfires always destroy houses there like they're made out of paper, contrary to EU and Africa, its really rare to see houses destroyed.
You know what else is resistant to bushfires? Subterranean build techniques....
With the incredible heat around Gregs home, I'm kind of amazed that his windows didn't shatter. That seems to happen a lot with intense fire and wind.  Edit: I wrote that before the tempered glass segment.
Why did the metal car burn and the house didn’t? Why did the trees not burn? They should have at least been scorched to the point of dying?  Having gravel or stone about the front lawn might stop a grass fire but I live where a forest fire jumped a river.  I also think originally grass lawns (which I hate)were instituted as a fire break around houses.
I think it’s easy to forget that these neighborhoods were built probably in the 1950’s & 60’s, and most probably not even thinking about fire prevention at all. And for 50+ years they were fine until this month when the winds suddenly went from a chill breeze of maybe 5-10mph to 60-75mph gusts that would make any firefighting difficult, especially without Air Support due to the high wings grounding them.   I would venture to say most of the major cities in California were built without thinking of fire. Its very likely that houses built now in California have the fire-prevention regulations built into them, but that those same regulations also massively red-tape and slow down the construction of new homes in a State where the prices of Homes have skyrocketed because there is far too much demand and not anywhere near enough supply.  I expect when buildings are rebuilt in these areas, they upgrade the residential density of the more internal parts of the neighborhood from Single-Story Households to 3-5 story Apartment Buildings resistant to Fire & Earthquakes to pack more people in the area.   Of course, the more likely thing to happen is some Corporations will swoop in the buy the land from people and build stupidly expensive luxury single-story homes or mansions and then sell them for $1mil+ or rent them out on AirBNB.
I feel like over half the fuel for these fire was the building themselves - there's just not a ton of vegetation there due to the dry climate.. that said, every fireproof house that doesn't burn up help starve the fire.. if they build most of the houses fireproof, should be much easier to control and extinguish the spread.
I do wonder if a house build with Triq Briq and plaster on the ouside would have survived that fire.
We had a similar situation a few years ago in Gatlinburg Tennessee. Months of drought, fall foliage, high winds/low RH. Was like a blowtorch.
Excellent video. Well presented. Hopefully, these building materials and techniques will be employed as LA rebuilds. Thanks.
We live in the forest off grid. We have a lumber mill. Just built an incredible timber frame deck but it would burn like a hellfire. If there was a stain coating that resisted fire how cool would that be!!  Then...although we all have metal roofs most houses are sided with cedar. The most flammable kindling of all time.  Just crazy.
The 2018 Camp Fire in Paradise, California, showed that even homes built to modern fire-resistant standards were often destroyed when surrounded by intense, fast-moving flames. In such conditions, mitigation efforts failed to prevent widespread destruction.   A study from the Insurance Institute for Business & Home Safety (IBHS) found that while defensible space reduced losses in low- to moderate-intensity fires, it was largely ineffective in high-intensity events.  That homeowner was lucky, as the fire that hit near his home likely wasn't severe (all the trees still intact on the far right). While the defensible space and fire-resistant materials helped, it's not fool proof. In fires like the Palisades Fire, where environmental factors (e.g., high winds, extreme drought, and heat) create uncontrollable conditions, even the best mitigation efforts are unlikely to prevent large-scale destruction. These fires highlight the limitations of individual and community-level measures when faced with extreme regional climate-driven events. Also these mitigation methods are costly and not everyone can afford them, making the current housing situation far worse.
just like Lahaina 😮
Thanks
Yeah, North Carolina they’re still rebuilding and the Amish is building little houses for them. If we use the Amish they will build these houses in a year.
The only people that don't get hurt from this fire is the government they Thrive from this, all the tax money they bring in. so It's in their best interest to let happen what happened.
Problem with stucco is that you need someone who is good at stucco.  As demonstrated in Arizona from big name builders, some aren't that good
So a thin stucco wall (maybe a half inch thick)covering a styrofoam wall prevented a 1600 degree fire burning 15 feet away? Not possible.
@Matt Risinger If you do much research into recent "unusual" fires like  Maui and Pacific Palisades, you will note that in a majority of scenes, greenery survives and in some cases trees burn from the inside out. Also, there are oddities like blue items like umbrellas, cars, and plastic items survive while everything else burns. 60 Minutes is good at what they do but they won't stick around and dig deeper than the narrative.   BTW, I live close to Santa Ana and am very familiar with the Santa Ana winds. They were NOT hurricane force, they were not ripping roofs off of buildings and people weren't putting plywood on their windows. On the windiest day, I had a bunch of leaves and a neighbor's inflatable Christmas decoration in my yard. I put the decoration by the mailbox out of the breeze and I believe the neighbor found it.    Also, normal fire seasons occur based on temperature, when we hit 100 or higher and the winds go above 30, the fires soon follow. In this case, the fire has been going on through nights where we are seeing lows close to 40 and the winds are not blowing leaves around since that second day. 60 minutes pushes a narrative and works on getting emotions up to hang onto their aging audience and sell their commercials. Look into independent journalists that might mention some of the anomalies. And by the way, it would take aluminum 20 minutes or more of being evenly saturated in 1200 degree heat to melt, I don't think that time and intensity exists in these suburban fires. Dig deeper my friend.
Thank you for doing this video.
Those that own or are buying thier own homes will recover via insurance. The renters w/o insurance are screwed. Poor pay the most…
What is the difference in per sqft construction cost to build a home to these standards???
Concrete construction isn’t favored in CA because they are rigid and collapse in earthquakes.
Thanks for this.   Luckily (knock on wood) I don't live in a high risk for natural disaster area but as I remodel my 1920 house and landscaping I'll consider these points.   Even if we don't have hurricanes or wildfires, my neighbor 50 ft away could blow up and spread to my house.   This is a good public service!
Very well done Matt
Construction in areas where the risk of fire is high should get government incentives to build more structures like this rather than concentrating so much on efficiencies. The efficiencies of the home systems can only improve by fractions of a percent as they are already so efficient. This may help address the lack of insurance availability also. These houses should get reduced rates on their policies as they are less risk.
This fire reminded me of the movie Constantine with Keanu Reeves when he visits hell. Edit.  I saw something a few years ago, when they used a torch on hempbrick and it did nothing to it, might be a good material if they can make it cheap/cheaper, i dont know how mutch it cost but if you live in areas that like to burn.
Americans know about fire control but gov leaders chose to spend the funds on woke bs.
Lesson learned: Don't Move to California, and if you do, don't move next to this guy.
If you build in an area that is prone to wild fires and has a " HISTORY OF FIRES" why build there? And " if" your dead set on it then spend the money to build an fire proof Military style BUNKER.
California isn’t concerned about the CORRECT building structures just the $ amount charged for building permits and everything else to get the job done😤 As you can see the Governor is also NOT interested in cleaning the under growth OR keeping the water flowing, yet a tiny fish is more important than the citizens of California🤯AND where has ALL of our taxpayer money gone as we’re in over $ 70 BILLION in debt BEFORE this disastrous fire❓🤬
The houses in the 'working class' neighborhood of Altadena were almost a century old - still valued just 10 days ago as over a million dollars a piece; many were inherited from grandparents and the families living there were working full time, full tilt, to afford the taxes. Watching interviews with them, no one thought this could happen even after YEARS of being warned about wildfires, fires happening in nearby areas, warnings about having a go bag ready and all the rest. They could have sold out their interest in the house a little more than a week ago and lived in luxury anywhere else for the rest of their lives. Instead it was 'I love the weather' when 1% of the time, the 'weather' is trying to kill you. Now they're on every channel begging for money, lots of 'GoFundMe's set up, and they somehow think they're going to return to the same neighborhoods... Living in an area with canyons, SantaAna winds and brush so dry it's gray is insanity, no matter how great the view of the ocean is.
Many of the homes in California are built with wood, foam covered with then layers of stucco!  Likewise, roofing that is highly flammable!  We are in America, but American construction is out dated…  We need to waterproof, flood proof, fireproof homes!!  America’s construction isn’t about safety but profit.. Not good!
maybe because the owners stayed home and turned off the ambers that fell onto their property with a garden hose. just watched a man who saved his house and all of his Neighbours houses, he said majority of the houses could of been saved if only somebody had sprayed the fallen ambers with a tiny bit of water before they engulfed into a real fire.
You forgot one point here why MANY houses are made with wood. It's money and time. Not all people are rich. Not all have long time to wait until their home is ready. This is why most houses are quick made. They're not made for really long time due disasters and earthquakes in this country. So house can build fast again up with low cost.  Make house fireproof is NOT cheap. And if we want brick walls or concrete walls, build time is also much longer and it will cost much more. Most people also not expect this weather with strong winds, and also not to mention other mistakes government made there: - big water pool was empty and not repaired for long time. - with less water, fire hydrants will stop work early - low manpower in fire defense (they cut in 17 million budget for fire brigades support!).  Our fault because houses are less resist against fire? I should not point to people, that is bad way. It's more mistake in LA government they cut some support in critical areas, thinking fire disasters should not big. Easy thinking is dangerous. Such things can prevented already and many people are saved. And why so much bla bla for 130K repair bill, that is nothing, but let it empty for very long time is very bad, stupid and lazy action. Damages versus repair cost, think about it. This is very big difference.  And again, make fireproof house is not cheap and not all people have money for it. So, you advice is good but it will not help many people because such upgrades will cost a lot money. We can at least make more open room around houses but less green makes environment a bit hotter. People love to have some trees and green gardens.  So in the end... government should do the job better to protect us. That is much better than ask all people to upgrade their houses.
Build some sort of external sprinkler systems
I watched a clip about their future property taxes. The assessor said he will take the building (home) off the tax assessment but not the land. 2/3 of their assessment is the land and they would still owe tax in 2025 for the land. Doesn't seem fair to me but that's what he said.
Our government has had this planned and they stand in the rubble talking about what THEY will rebuild for themselves.  We need to protect ourselves from the false government before anything else.
A friend in a well built mostly brick home had a fire caused by solar powered lighting around the perimeter of his dry wood mulch beds surrounding the house.  Seems impossible but I saw the evidence of the fire's origin.  No electricity was hooked up to it??
Hello, thank you for your informative video. In the video where you are discussing yoir neighbors fire due to the chiminea, you show a white part that is an affordable option to prevent a chimney fire. What is that part called?
Bunker anti guerre
Excellent video.
If it was a hurricane cat2 at best
Blue roofs haha
The fire didn't even reach Tom Hanks's house, all the trees are still healthy, green and present there. Don't waste my precious time.
This is cool and all but I’m more surprised by the film and editing, flows really well together. Editor probably has years in experience to be this amazing.
Santa Ana winds come from the North East and run towards the coast. This guy says the winds come from the coast. C'mon man, do your research.
I got a new roof last year and the inspector tried to fail it for not having enough vents....
They should have build their house with straw bales with a metal roofing.  No, it's not a joke. Search and learn.
That g chasen house isn't just next to a chard house. It is in a chard neighborhood!  Please let's not make the same mistakes we made in the 60's, 70's, 80's, AND 90's, 2000's, 2010's, and even 2020's.    I wonder if it would help if every hous ehas to get some fire rating AND it has to be made known during sales. I think this would better incentivize better firte protection.
96 to 110 is cat 2 not 5
Tom Hanks' home survived?  How interesting... Kinda like the Lahaina fire when Oprah's house was left in tact?
Concrete and bricks are generally not preferred for construction in earthquake zones due to several key factors:  ## Lack of Ductility  One of the main reasons concrete and bricks are not ideal for earthquake-prone areas is their lack of ductility. Ductility refers to a material's ability to deform without failure[2][5]. Unlike materials such as steel, wood, or bamboo, concrete and bricks are brittle materials that cannot absorb the energy from an earthquake effectively[1]. When subjected to the back-and-forth motion of seismic waves, these materials are more likely to crack, crumble, or collapse suddenly.  ## Poor Performance Under Seismic Loads  Unreinforced masonry buildings, including those made of bricks, concrete blocks, or adobe, perform very poorly during earthquakes[1][9]. The mortar holding the masonry together is generally not strong enough to resist earthquake forces. This can lead to walls falling away or buckling, resulting in significant damage or complete collapse of the structure.  ## Vulnerability to Shaking  During an earthquake, the shaking causes buildings to move in a horizontal direction, which can be disastrous for structures primarily designed to support vertical loads[2]. Concrete and brick buildings, especially if unreinforced, are particularly vulnerable to this lateral movement. The rigid nature of these materials means they cannot flex and sway with the ground motion, leading to increased stress on the structure.  ## Risk of Falling Debris  In the event of an earthquake, unreinforced concrete and brick buildings pose a significant danger due to falling debris[1]. Parapets, chimneys, cornices, and other ornamental features made of these materials can easily break away from the building, creating a hazard for people both inside and outside the structure.  ## Alternative Materials and Techniques  Instead of using concrete and bricks alone, modern earthquake-resistant construction often employs:  1. Reinforced concrete: When properly designed and constructed with steel reinforcement, concrete can be made more ductile and earthquake-resistant[8][10].  2. Wood and steel: These materials have more flexibility and are favored in earthquake zones[12].  3. Base isolation systems: These systems use flexible pads to separate a building's foundation from the ground, allowing it to move independently during an earthquake[2].  4. Damping technologies: Shock absorbers and other damping devices can help dissipate seismic energy[2].  While concrete and bricks can still be used in earthquake-prone areas, they require special design considerations, reinforcement techniques, and strict adherence to building codes to ensure safety. In many cases, other materials and construction methods are preferred for their superior performance under seismic loads.  Citations: [1] https://www.portland.gov/ppd/unreinforced-masonry-urm-buildings [2] https://planhub.com/resources/how-earthquake-proof-buildings-are-built/ [3] https://www.reddit.com/r/StructuralEngineering/comments/kwty07/reinforced_concrete_or_wood_what_material_is/ [4] https://en.poyatos.com/blog/the-use-of-concrete-in-seismic-zones [5] https://blog.iseekplant.com.au/blog/5-features-earthquake-proof-building [6] https://acropolis-wp-content-uploads.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/2019/02/reinforce-v2.gif?sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiji4S9pPCKAxWcRTABHUv0C4MQ_B16BAgDEAI [7] https://www.americanprecastfences.com/is-precast-concrete-earthquake-resistant/ [8] https://www.foxblocks.com/blog/earthquake-resistant-construction-techniques [9] https://www.earthquakecountry.org/step4/urmwalls/ [10] https://www.britannica.com/technology/earthquake-resistant-construction [11] https://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-how-l-a-conquered-an-earthquake-danger-zone-brick-buildings-20151009-story.html [12] https://www.exploratorium.edu/explore/seismic-science/engineering [13] https://www.preventionweb.net/files/7632_Earthquakesafeconstructionofmasonrybuildings.pdf [14] https://www.scienceworld.ca/resource/building-and-testing-earthquake-proof-structures/ [15] https://www.reddit.com/r/AskEngineers/comments/1cmzqyp/how_safe_are_brick_walls_in_an_earthquake_prone/ [16] https://www.bigrentz.com/blog/earthquake-proof-buildings
I don't get the mesh. I have a wooden fence on three sides of my house but a neighbor on the other side of each fence. So mesh both sides? I only have ridge vents. Not sure how to protect those.... Only asphalt around here too.
Looking at this from outside the US, I live in a montanous country surrounded by woods. We've had fires in the past, but a key difference is that everything is in brick and mortar, the roofing is ceramic or impermebilized cement. Building supply lines and practices need to be reconsidered in the US. For example, here, building with wood is seen as a hassle and a difficult material instead of just bricks. Two truckloads and a cement truck are everything you need to build 90% of a house here. Look at Europe and all of theor world wars, almost everything there is made out of stone and it's still there after two major world wars. Americans need to seriously reconsider continuing to use wood as a building material.   If you start using bricks at scale, that may become even cheaper than wood.
Why are most of the houses made of wood?? They can be damaged by water, earthquake, termites and yes, fire. Why not use concrete and build a firewall between the house and the neighbors'. The roof can be laden with fireproof retardant, i just forgot whats it called but we use it in our constructions here in asia. In our cities, where slums are plenty, when fire strikes everything is gone. Slum houses are made of light materials but if your house is made of concrete, chances are it will survive or maybe suffer some minor damages
But these hoses ARE NOT CATCHING ON FIRE FROM THE GROUND UP. THEY ARE CATCHING ON FIRE FROM INSIDE AND GOING THRU ROOF. THESE ARE DEW FIRES. HOUSES BURN TO GROUND WHILE TREES AROUND THEM DO NOT BURN AT ALL! NOT NORMAL!!! CAR WINDOW & WHEELS MELT WHILE BLUE PLASTIC TRASH BINS DONT BURN. NOT NORMAL. LOOK UP DEW.
Fire PROTECTIVE PAINT! Less trees and bushes around the house. No wooden roof etc etc.
The gas meter is in front of the house by the sidewalk, not on the side of the house to ignite.  The only addition needed is a fire proof box on the gas meter.
There’s an old kiddy song about a wolf and three little pigs. It’s easy to build a house that is fire resistant. Teach people how to make sure the house does not burn. Success is easy if you teach it.
I read my first article about this in the mid 60s. These houses were all worth millions and the homeowners certainly had the ability to improve their property. You would also think the insurance companies would have encouraged proper practices to reduce the chances of a conflagration like this. Combined with poor forestry practices this was a armed bomb waiting to explode.
I think California is too large to be controlled by one centralized government.  It should be broken up into at least 5 states.  One governor and a posse of silly ego maniacal mayors who collectively seem to be playing a game of one upsmanship in lunatic ideas have left California a danger to itself from it's own natural resources.  My brief experience in southern California was frightful.  An earthquake zone and a proclivity towards mud slides with houses built on stilts on steep sandstone cliffs, acres and acres of dried brush waiting to burn, a government focus on everything but safety and integrity of the residents.  I couldn't get on a plane fast enough. The stench of the beaches we went to were awful.  California knows they suffer from high winds. They know they suffer from massive brush fires. They've been crying water shortages for decades. The state cannot be run adequately by the current system of government. It is too large and the power hungry spend too much time on their public image letting the state fail from under them.  Break up California and create standards of safety to keep this from happening again.
Why is this NEWS?? In POOR third-world countries, they have been building CONCRETE HOUSES for EVER!!!!!  They don't have the fire Problems that the USA has.  The US is Only Good at SCAMMING $Millions$ out of the foolish PEOPLE who enslave themselves for trash.  People in third World Countries pay a fraction of what the Americans pay for trash, but their houses are FIRE PROOF,  just look at that!!
❤❤❤❤❤ Wondering about a whole house fire blankets and fire retardant paint? ❤❤❤❤❤
Cities have burned in Europe too. To build with wood was then abolished. Those are some age-old laws here already. I am amazed that in the land of the wildfires your codes are so inadequate. A lot of these structures weren't even a century old. Time to sack a whole lot of 'officials' and get some proper building codes.  And please Americans, stop building such gigantic structures. Stop buying such energy ineffective cars. Beware of your carbon footprint.
2:32 blow torches .    That's ironic considering the illegal immigrant caught with a blowtorch setting fires.
"JEHOVAH SHALOM BLESS YOU 🙏"  ❤🇬🇧❤
This Old House did a rebuild video that gave info on this subject.
At 5:55 the home behind Tom hanks house is 1601 San onofre drive. There's an epic video tour of this home on you tube released a couple years ago when it was first built. An absolutely stunning home, worth a watch. Prayers to all those affected by these tragic fires.
I'm only half way through b4 I went to work. The house that is modern looking new build, I think 6 months old with the cement wall around the front. You didn't mention, and maybe it isn't what I think it is, but the gas meter was inset in a nook outside the wall instead of at the typical place right next to the house. I've never seen a meter that far from a house. I think it was on the 60 Minutes show on the fire a brief interview of a firefighter who broke into a house a grabbed milk, and cans of beer or soda, water bottles whatever he could find to cool the gas meter on the as the fire was getting close. Maybe regs for gas meters if possible should be located at safe as possible distance from the home or business.
Concrete, tiles, bricks, so many materials you can use, you have to decide wether is better safety vs less time for construction and cheaper materials. I dont really get it, the expensive part in LA is the land, construction is more esxpensive if you do it with concrete or bricks but nothing compare with the plot
It is silly that CA doesn't do regular undergrowth cleaning by controlled burnings.  Might not prevent all fires but wow it could help limit the severity of these events.
I’ve always wondered why as a country we haven’t encouraged people building in high risk fire areas to build in a way that defendable from fire.  Use nonflammable at a minimum exterior materials( concrete, stone steel clay tile roofs with steel underpayment). Then do controlled burns in areas That are wild/ natural often times the plant life in these areas can easily withstand low grade fires. If we don’t allow fuel to accumulate.  As for the green lawns in arid areas I think that is probably a poor decision as it adds to water demands on an already dry area
So that second house you realy dig into are you sure that's a metal fence? It looks wood to me. Also the neighbor's garage in the back is still standing. Why did that garage survive? What special fire resistant stuff does it have?
Hatdiplank siding is super fire resistant.
Bushmen know about fires.
Tom hanks proving that money doesn't buy taste
Attic vents are the #1 reason embers burn houses down in record numbers.  Cover those vents with aluminum foil and seal those attics and crawlspaces before you evacuate, otherwise leave them open.
Funny I live in Florida where there is not much risk of wildfires but the build in all block with metal studs and fully braced roof structure for wind. My house would be good in a fire except the aluminum soffit would have to be upgraded/changed.
I have to make correction. 100MpH wind is not CAT 5.    Should be between CAT2
Those winds were nuts, i've lived on the west coast for 30 years, and the only time I have ever felt anything like it was when I was in a Cat 3 Hurricane in Florida, and even then the hurricane wasn't as bad as some of the gusts we had last week. My entire house was shaking on its foundation a couple of times.
Too soon man
There was 1 building in Lahaina town that was left standing. Was made out of concrete/tile. I think a 5 feet perimeter with gravel type stone around whole house. No trees/bushes.
Grant Cordone's house is undamaged on Malibu while all  surrounding gone.  Looks like concrete but the roof?   Houses also have to conform to earthquake codes
Weve seen the 60 minute report and all of them 28 times, please get on with your show . better yet , lost my interest immediately.
Turns out that a man from Texas CAN discuss Californian without making a fool of himself.  Thanks, Matt
Beautiful Psalm at the end to comfort the hurting.
Wildfire History in the San Bernardino Front Range by "The Lookout" YouTube channel. !omg but worth watching.
Stop building with wood! American homes are wooden matchsticks!
In the Philippines you can build a house with AAC block, auto clave block sound and fire proof why not here in California
When I lived in CA there was a law you had to keep your house cleared of all pine needle and and leaf debris for 15' around your property. They came to check and fined people who didn't. Now, apparently, the Dems made it ILLEGAL to clear around your property! Not only are they extremely heavy-handed with their regulation ideals, they're low IQ people who dream up these ideals. Dems are a danger to society in all sorts of ways!  Newsom: "We have access to 15,000 extra firefighters, but we don't need them."
Adobe doesn't burn.  All you have to do is STOP using materials that are not native to the desert.
I don't know  nor love Tom Hanks. He's a trained, overpaid deceiver.
Concrete dome houses are great too. Keep brush clear, and have a pump and hoses to use pool water to defend your home.
Note the natural gas meter is exterior to and surrounded by the concrete wall at the front edge of the property, away from the home where they were traditionally installed against the houses. Earthquake and fire damage turns this source of fuel into a blow torch.
Looking at the car beside a home that survived… the house beside the car is burned - however, it’s old garage visible behind the home and car - seems to have made it?  Luck of the draw sometimes.  To be sure, being aware of natural conditions that can be destructive to homes, and building accordingly, is vital these days!  LA will build back better!
FYI!  An illegal immigrant did start the wildfires with a blow torch and someone actually caught him and accomplices on camera!  That’s murder!
I'm in Ohio and we are water abundant.  I was doing spring cleaning for my boss, we had a little burn pile going, and it caught the under thatch on fire.  Fortunately his 3 acres and the neighboring empty one acre lot were able to be put out, but a light 15 mph wind spread it too fast for two guys to get it out.  This was in the spring and we had rain a day or two before hand. WILD FIRES CAN START ANYWHERE!!! So abide by burn bans (we were under one and didn't know it), and any fire can get away from you (might be why we use propane and natural gas as heat sources).   We build with wood because it is abundant and cheapest  👽🗿👽
🤲🤲🤲🤲🤲🤲🤲🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The great majority of homes that burned are reported to have been in neighbourhoods built prior to 1990 - at which time a bunch of new building code changes were made that DID RESULT in NEW homes surviving the fires.......................  in related news- quite a number of the homes that burned were higher up in steep sided canyons and arroyos whose walls were TO STEEP to be cleared up of accumulated brush and dead wood - which meant that such locations were pretty much GUARANTEED TO BURN as there was LOTS OF FUEL AVAILABLE!!!!!!!!!!!  In related news- the 1990 building code changes mandated various changes and limitations that required home owners to clear brush on their property but owners were refusing to do so due to the amount of work involved or because they did not want to lose their privacy etc thus lazy owners  contributed to the fire spreading!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  California KNOWS how to limit wild fires but is TO LAZY TO BE BOTHERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I've a 40 year construction background. Mostly in the tinderbox of the So. Cal forested areas. Now I'm in Montana. We've been using both tempered glass and non tempered wildland fire rated glass (not required in my area). The tempered works, but not as well as the treated fire rated regular glass. The fire rating is from the extra reflective coating of a special Low E coating. This combined with non opening wood framed glass, timber around that and a stone veneer toward the prevailing spark storm helps. The glass is only a part of a system when preparing for wildland fires.
*It's confounding to think that sooo many commenters here are ignoring the elephant in the room: MALFEASANCE!!! The so-called public officials, who are supposed to prioritize their constituents' best interests failed them miserably. C'mon, no water at the fire hydrants...*
Maybe these are not bush fires ! Look a little deeper
Maybe the houses survived because they were built from concrete, not made of timber, covered by plastic and shingles made with tar that burn like candles, instead of ceramic shingles as they use in Europe
the thing is you can't not have greenery on your plot. if you want to restore a healthy soil and ecosystem back in those areas. that will help making that enviroment more liveable.
It literally looks like the gates of hell. Absolutely horrible.
Hempcrete is a good building material it doesn't burn. Hempcrete and a steel roof.
100 MPH would only be a catergory 2 storm which we wouldn't even worry about.   I do not understand why California does not build their homes from Concrete/CBS.  I really wish this channel spent more (any) time talking about how to improve our type homes.
when fire dept changed from offense to defense this may be where because the trees by his house didnt even burn the fire didnt reach Toms house buy yes big cement slab good.  on the 2nd house fire didnt even hit the house things arent even black from smoke but yes the features would have been helpful
They are adding a huge amount of cost to the house .... the problem is the government regulations to protect non-existent  "lizards"
Matt, these fires are hardly unprecedented. These fires keep happening over and over again in the same places. You might find this vid usefull.
Where are the Homeless? 🤔
Finally, someone is talking about the real problem.  Every year, the fires come, and they go right back to building with sticks.  These houses can not sustain fires or tornadoes.  The houses are helping fires.  They have to change the building code, simple.  Insurance companies will feel more comfortable giving you coverage.
We all know tom hanks isnt there, hes in greece where pedos are acceptable
Kiddy blood magic
Just google Harvey damaged homes, that storms dwarfed this one. Houston rebuilt.
There was a lot working against everyone in this tragedy. In many cases, the BEST anyone could do is barely create the 5 foot defensive space, because the homes are packed together so tightly; The vast majority of it came down to architecture. A lot of homes definitely had non native plants that are not fire/drought tolerant. Unfortunately, one misstep in design choices be it architectural, landscape and exterior furniture etc... can cost you dearly. I also think there's a lot of political misconceptions about why it keeps happening. Fire is part of nature. Natural fire is how the earth has managed land since its inception, but as urban sprawl happened strategies changed from set a perimeter and let it burn to we have to fight it to save property and now it's we have to fight it to save lives. For an area that averages 20 inches of rain annually, prescribed burns are kinda difficult to safely do. The terrain makes it difficult to 'manage' anything to begin, what's more fire creates its own weather (wind) that exacerbates the Santa Anas that were also an issue. Fire is required for some types of plants/trees out there to be able to germinate new ones with the seeds on the ground. Hopefully those who rebuild choose/can afford to do so and take the necessary steps to prevent their loss from happening again.
What about Sprinkler System...for every neighbor...not just 1 Would atleast buy time for escape and Firefighters
How about metal roofs?
In America people use a lot of pressed board ( essentially sawdust) glued together for floors, ceilings,etc. Not fireproof.
This was amazing to watch and educational. Thanks but especially for your closing comment. A family member has no interest nor care for those in LA and clearly influenced by a negative perspective voiced by some nationally.  I do wonder about how we will care for each other.  God’s guidance needs to be shown in our action.
If this was a hurricane it would be Category 2
I'm Portuguese and we have big fires also, this summer the house of a friend burned and it wasn't near the fire, Some burning  leaves came in thru the tiles of the ceiling and burnt down the whole house. Insulate those cavities with fire proof insulation...
I'm puzzled why the surrounding trees didn't burn? The house about 10 minutes in.
Great video  lots of educational information thanks❤
Thank you so much sharing
Now I would like to see Barbara Streisand's house.  Streisand effect, hmmm
Lead (battery) melts at half the temperature which aluminum does, 621F
The solution is not to build in line know wild fire country hurricanez tsunami  etc
Cement walls/ noncombustible roofs .
You have no idea how refreshing it is to watch something mature and informative on the internet amid all the conspiracy-ridden nonsense.
What Board of directors is Larry Fink on, The World Economic Forum, Black Rock will be buying the land for Pennie’s on the 💵 as these folks file bankruptcy, 45 days after their home owners insurance was cancelled! 🤔
LA and other southwest desert cities need to put in place environmental restrictions on water use. If so much water was not wasted on inappropriate planting, lawns, etc they would have had plenty for fire emergencies, especially if they each had pumps and sprinklers set up to use their pools beforehand .
Does the USA impose total (open) fire bans during times of high fire risk, as in Australia?
Could 3d printed home made out of concrete help in rebuilding homes devastated by the fires?
why was there no preventive spraying?
Excellent video. Thnk you for all the info. We all can always learn more to better our lives.
In the 1991 Oakland Hills wildfire there was a single surviving home in a fire ravaged area. Some of the features felt to have contributed to the home’s survival were Bronzed, tempered glass windows, fire resistant drapes & a clear space around the home free of flammable materials.
1:17 You don't know how many people lost their lives in Lahaina because the media only reported on the deaths the 1st week and locals are confirming it's closer to thousands of lives lost. Don't be a media parrot.
If Tom Hanks house burned down he would  blame Donald Trump. TDS 🤪
Can't build houses with concrete in LA because they have earthquakes.
What did Hanks son state on Tiktoc and then delete it? PEDO island shall 🔥 and folks should be thanking God as he exposes the PEDOS…
Yeah the storm just hit so many houses and I don't know how California is going to be able to afford to rebuild.
Regarding the 1/16" wire mesh to prevent embers from lighting the house on fire - how about wrapping the entire house with it from the roof down?!!!
Tom Hanks has good Karma with him. These incidents all due to good karma points. 🙏
Here in Texas developers are not even sheeting the framing on houses in these cookie cutter neighborhoods anymore, growing up volunteering to rebuild and repair hurricane damaged homes this seems insane.
No wildfires but here in the Philippines most all newer construction contains any combustible materials.  Concrete block or poured concrete walls, metal studs with Hardiplex, metal roofing.  Fire rated window non-existent but can get tempered glass. Most fires here are in squatter areas, older wood ceilings and some cardboard homes.  Need to do some retrofit on SoCal home.  Cement tile roof best sheathing, framing, soffets etc all wood to no sure how i will deal with that.
That siding is cement board that looks like wood
So far from everything I've read as far as the building codes go in La they are absolutely not allowed to build homes with brick and I think that's one of the reasons all these houses burned up obviously Tom Hanks is wealthy as heck so I don't know what his home was built up possibly wood was a stucco siding
Vinyl windows, 99.9999% homes in this state have vinyl windows and the frames will melt in the heat and the glass will get blown out!!!  This will set the interior on fire in no time!!!!
I remember seeing something similar back in the 1970’s in a CA wildfire. One house burned down, next door intact. The intact house had a tile roof and stucco walls, the windows were aluminum framed. The homeowner used water from his pool to wet the house down.  Every house in these areas should have either been built, or brought up to these standards.  An ounce of prevention is better than a pounds worth of cure.
I saw a home AND TREES that survived untouched because the owner had the intelligence to buy a generator and set it up to pump and spray water from their pool on the home and trees around for 5 hours before hand! Another home styles that burn significantly slower...  cordwood masonry with a living dirt roof.
This is not new. The wind has blown like that for 1000's of years. It is a cost/builder issue. Regulatory agencies are ran by the home builders. Nothing new here.
Metal roof absolutely helped.
In California fires happen every year, like night follows day. The fires revealed all the shortfalls in fire containment. Shortage of water, Shortage of fire fighters, Shortage of municipal supervision.  Close reservoirs, sack fire fighters and fire get out ot control rapidly.
Im building with concrete. We have a backhoe to make fire breaks. Good luck if you live in California this will be the end of home insurance.
South African as in so called third world country over here🙄  We DO NOT built our houses from anything else but brick.   We have no fires and no natural disasters, which may all change as the impossible is busy happening everywhere.  But honestly... Fire prone area and wooden house do not belong in the same anything.  How wrong.   And need I mention that in South Africa, $1million Dollars can basically buy you can buy you a farm. My home is $100k and I live in one of the affluent gated burbs😂  And yes all our houses are brick😂  I can't with western prices😂😂😂
Does it make sense that aluminum on the car melted but the aluminium on the house didn't..... what about the trees in the area not burning.. .  Use your eyes and common sense to assess what's going on here.
Earthquake country you can’t use concrete
We build too much cheap material with high cost.. no vinyl, wood or not fire resistant siding should be on any houses
Don't know why these houses are being build from a wood.In Europe where i live the wood is being used only where there's no other solution.And even then when it is possible people are trying to think some other way to do the job with.Wooden structures or wooden things within a house today in Europe exist mostly for the esthetic reasons,that is another thing...temporary houses like the cabins in the mountains i understand,but place where you live,to build it out of wood i cannot understand why do it.Not only is it dangerous because of fire+earthquakes,but you always have some problems with it,it gives you a headache to maintain and it has a shorter lifespan than a concrete.Build with a concrete and brick,metal,stone,and you'll see the difference.I think the thing that contributes the most to these tragedies are governmental procedures and wood industry.Because if you understand that the concrete,bricks,metal,,,,are the right way to go,then you should go that way.
10:18 that's a stucco siding. The guy said that already in that short clip.
What you tell us is not logig. The car meltdown bit the hous wit aluminium not. The us high energy weapons and if they like to destroy the house they do!
Thank you for this very informative clip.
Its because they praise god (☝ ՞ਊ ՞)☝
front of house is hardie board,  why didn't the garage behind the burned house burn?   It clearly has exposed wood rafters.  Also the trees don't burn?
Luck
I strongly recommend clearing out all items and trees around the house that's close to the fire. Cover the entire unburned house with large sheets of ceramic fiber insulation.    This will help prevent the fire from spreading quickly and make it easier to put it out sooner.  from Taiwan
Excellent review!
Sorry, but we all do not love Tom Hanks.
The structures survived. But they're probably coated in a toxic film of chemicals inside rendering them uninhabitable. Whether or not they can be remediated to being livable is an open question.
Just my opinion,  but Tom Hanks house(s) are soooo ugly!
2 lonely houses from now on
Houses are crammed together. Not good for rats or people.
Who’s behind smart city Los Angeles, that fire is not natural 💫💫💫💫💫
Tom Hanks house may be influenced by Greek buildings as there is awareness of wildfires there.
What’s happening in California? Is terrible but don’t forget what’s happening in Gaza is worse.
Les monstrueux et coûteux portes avion US à quoi servent ils. Uniquement à semer la mort et les désastres. Ces villes  flottantes  sont équipées de puissants adoucisseurs d'eau de mer. Avec les lances eaux ça peut servir aux pauvres contribuables américains. Seulement,la priorité des priorités c'est la protection des criminels sionistes dans leur agression barbare contre les peuples fragiles.
When made by Halal money.
People burning?!  Better photoshop a cheesy thumbnail and make some YouTube shekels about it!
Also the cost of rebuilding is higher than building distillation water plants next to the ocean.
Here's another lesson: DON'T VOTE DEMOCRAT
No, a catagory 3 is 100 mph winds.
Woke democrat policies caused the totality of circumstances here. They have been under Democrat management for decades.  In red states people manage their forests and undergrowth.
Lessons From Two Surviving LA Fire Homes. Clean forest floors, routine forest maintenance.  Catch the rain water & store it for emergencies instead of letting it run off into the ocean. All common sense precautions to protect the people. But Most important lesson learned from surviving the LA fires,  Don't ever vote Democrat.
The problem is that requiring brick or stone exterior or many other items in house construction as a part of building code will generally serve to increase the cost of housing, making more people homeless.  How is it safer to be homeless than to have a house that can’t survive being in the middle of a giant fire when generally we have some warning about these fires and can evacuate people?  Government officials need to consider not just the cost of doing nothing but also the cost of doing something.
Great video, thanks. God bless you and all of the LA fire victims & firefighters, as well.
The house has a metal roof but so does the charred out cars with melted aluminium rims. This is total bs.
I have to agree with the Australian engineer, then as Brit, I have to ask the question why does the U.S still build houses from wood and not concrete, stone or brick? With an external house perimeter fire sprinkler system, undernearth the roof at the top of the fascia and barge boards, the house can be cooled and saved. If I am correct the whole of California  has Conifer forests, which contain turpentine, or put bluntly & crudely,  people live in a massive Petro-chemical plant!
The other situation where a house stood alone in surviving a fire is the Berkeley/Oakland fire of the early 2000’s. There again, no soffits and a wide no-burn area. One can probably even find some footage of the flames “gliding” over and around that house until it stands alone.
Houses  shouldn’t be so close, trees shouldn’t be close as well. We have to build smarter. Eco landscaping is also needed in that area
The smoke damage ruins a house too though.  Need a positive pressure system to keep it out.
All that wealth, and you'd think that the wealthy would have built their own irrigation systems to prevent fires from destroying their homes and their belongings. If I was worth more than 50 million dollars, that is the first thing that I would do before purchasing $20k arm chairs, paintings, and luxury vehicles.
Good video, learned new things.Looks like he knew it was coming lol kind of suspicious , why would you want to still live there in general after that? it will take years to rebuild , and to  have to look at that devastation around you  for 3 yrs or more and no people around waiting to rebuild ,  is it worth that?  Never mind the air quality to stay there. Unelss the whole community is built like this maybe , otherwise  makes no sense really to stay, after, yes you saved your items but staying after idn.  Best to move while you can away from these prone areas. Building to stay in it idn.  Im sure they could built houses long ago  even in the 50 and 60 better but seems the builders chose the cheaper route for profit.  yes there have been advances  in products  since and more knowledge .But  it has always been  known   wood houses burn compared to brick and metal but  homes were all built in  wood mostly and using up our trees instead  destroying our habitats.
i hope the house standards to build in cali can be updated after this crisis
Great job Matt!  Liked, subscribed, shared on social media. God bless!
Imagine the smoke damage and stench in the air.
The man who saved his home from the fires was used lawn sprinkler’s on his roof left them on and fled his home.
The trees to the right of the house are not burned.
The burning ember machine was actually Snoop and Willie Nelson goin at it. Huffin lile crazy man!  We just covered vent soffirs with very fine stainless mesh for dry wood termites and wow...a second benefit. Expense stuff though.
Thank you @MattRisinger! This is such a timely and helpful resource!
Fire resistant windows were made with a glass a metal mesh impregnated in the glass. The glass will crack with the extreme heat but the wire made of steel will hold the glass together and not allowing flames to penetrate through the window pane.  We currently live in an area where we must be vigilant in the summer time for any smoke or open flames during the dry season. Last year I went to northern Evoia, an island just off of the eastern coast of mainland Greece. We were in the Northern portion of the island that was devastated by wildfires a couple of years ago. We traveled up to one village and witnessed deep valleys blackened by the fires. I also spoke with individuals along the coast where fires almost reached the sea. Now this is quite odd, the government told the fire services to stand down and do nothing. This really upset ( a mild understatement) many individuals who lost their livelihoods where they relied on the harvest of pine sap for commercial use. Later information was leaked that the government sold off some mountaintop land to power companies for the installation of wind and solar energy systems. Well they caused far more damage to the environment and welfare of the people who lived and relied on agriculture. We personally do not have decks here but actually concrete terraces that are tile covered. Even our main roof structure is of concrete with clay tiles laid on top.
Thank you for sharing, but that CalFire video is simplified.  When you have 5(?) mile wide winds in excess of 75mph that are between 1000-2000 degrees Fahrenheit, five foot cement buffer zone is not going to offer any protection.  There is no hose big enough to combat that.
Did the house that Greg built help to stop the fire getting to those trees?
All of this is good and well, geeking out over the what to do's is interesting. I am all for a good discussion. I am from Australia and have been in regional areas a lot and was in the middle of the big fires here a few years ago, but I have seen many prior too. Not trying to take away from anyones experience... But, the real story is why all the LA fires started at the same time... The first 3 anyway. Why were cars melted as you said at 1200 deg... and houses and trees right next to them still standing. Your own words, whatever happens to your neighbours house will affect you. There have been people saying many of the houses went up from the inside... The whole Smart power theory. The DEW theory... Many arsonists... The US and all of the chaos surrounding it is more full of crap and misinformation and BS then ever. But I will say this, the way these fires acted is suspicious. The whole thing is suspect. Plus the failure of the politicians and Fire Department DEI leaders with no idea. Hopefully people will remember and learn and the people affected and passed won't be in vein.
That isn’t wood. It’s wood-look composite, probably with fire proofing.
Fascinating discussion & information!  But, stricter building codes will, I think, make homes more expensive.  So, I guess we should build smaller homes with the additional fire safe protections.   And, include even more fire protection around the house as you discussed.   I think we’ve been building houses mostly like we did 100 years ago.  “It was good enough then so why change things today.”
Those homes have been around for 50 years. Back then this wasn’t a thing on such a massive scale. Now when they build back, hopefully they will use fireproof materials.
Best bet is to move to Fargo & buy a snowblower.
in South Africa we have hectic fires but we build our houses out of bricks and mortar
Hemp?
I have no idea why America is still used to toothpicks to build houses, I don't understand why you do use concrete and Red brick same price as wood. Tom cruise house is a great example how is cheap and design to protect their property. I can see why the house insurance canceled renewing contracts.
In other words, Tom Hank's house was built using the same technique that houses in Mexico have used for 500 years .
Paradise CampFire 27,000 structures lost. 87 (when all was said and done) deaths.
Japan has invented sprinkler roofs,  google it!👌
Interesting you mentioned windows. I remember a while back when a severe, fast moving firestorm took out a town and houses in Victoria, Australia. It was discovered than most of the houses burned because the windows failed, letting in embers to the carpet, furniture, etc - then the house burns down from the inside out. This was evident in at least some of the footage I witnessed of the L.A. fires. One house in the Victorian fires miraculously survived when the bush around it was completely gone. The owner believed it was because of his set up with an emergency sprinkler system dousing the outside of all the windows.
Insurance discount hahaha the insurance companies left and dropped their customer's, some after paying for 38 years
I live in Australia. Every citizen is urged to have a fire emergency plan. I live in the country where an entire small town was destroyed. a fewyears ago and 330 houses were destroyed in 2019. I'm now living in  a rammed earth building.
The fact their chimneys survive suggests making houses out of wood isn't the best option.
Question: Did the houses that survived have the old safe analog meters or the new smart meters in their homes? Seen some videos with fire dptmt. saying that they have noticed in many fires that the fires started at the smart meters. Is this a possibility? Just wondering, as I know some who are in process of building or just completed new homes. Wouldn't this make everything here a mute point?
I saw inInstagram that the house is a passive house so it has large concrete elements, is super airtight and heavily insulated. Plus the architect had fireproofing in mind when he designed the house. All that no doubt helped. These kind of houses aren't just good for the environment.
I mean I understand costs. But why are we still building houses not designed for their environments. It mind boggles me if you live in a area prone to hurricanes. The house it not designed to handle one. Vice versa if you live in areas with fires....
The wood looking siding could be something like Sagiper (Fire Rated High Performance Polymer Siding) very popular now in the Canadian city where I live.
They probabily didnt have smart meters on them.
Tom Hanks is a very influential free mason. Of course no one would burn his house
Start building houses out of brick ,not wood . When you see the terrible pictures on tv , it's amazing that the stone chimneys survive whilst the rest of the house is burnt to the ground.  Perhaps lesson learnt.
psalm 34:18. Beautiful addition. Thankyou for this, its so interesting, things Ive not even considered. Sure got me thinking.
Hempcrete or Hemp Cement, also known as Isochanvre' in France, is extremely fire resistant and also keeps the EMFs extremely low when inside a Hemp Home!
Something that hat people don't really think of as an excellent defense against fires when building your house is to build it underground, like you see in Australia to get away from the heat.
Thanks for this valuable information. I will pass this on to my young adult grandkids so they can make better choices when buying or building a home.
@8:52 while covering the area around the house, the concrete wall for example, though during civil unrest, that gas meter would be a possible target but having it in front of the wall, away from the house is perfect. If it explodes, leaks, in this case, BURNS, the house is protected from a possible blow torch. The up side to this also is, the meter is protected somewhat from flames on 3 sides.
Wood burns, concrete burns. Humans have known this since concrete was invented. It’s common sense. There’s just very little in Malibu.
Aside from the human tragedy,  thanks for using this as a teaching opportunity.  Interesting in real time.
I am from Brazil. We have always used concrete, metallic structure. We don't understand why USA uses so much wood. The historic Chicago Fire was a sad example of wood struture
Built an ICF house with stucco exterior in part to make it essentially fireproof on the exterior.
I thought hanks said he was moving out of the country if Trump won?
Great information 👍
This is so excellent for knowing what to plan for in building a house and preparing for fire.
really wish youtubers would get to the point sooner.
Did either if these two homes have Smart Meters installed or old standard electrical meters?
5:27  I hate that dude, he is a demon 8:52 they used lasers, cars do not melt  Ike that in a brush fire, more like a bomb went off. That’s the energy needed to melt a car….think people! 10:18 it’s fibre cement siding.  They use it a lot in Panama.
Impressive house!  Well, since we won't be able to stop global warming, I guess the re building should be required to be fire resistant.
If your building new construction in FL or CA and it isn’t a cheap entry level home I find it hard to argue against ICF.  Wind is no issue.  Pared with a metal/clay roof and stucco/metal/hardi siding your far better than any wood framed home.  I don’t think CA authorities are going to make any changes to their forestry maintenance or water management practices even after this disaster, their to thick header and their pockets are funded….  So only makes sense with ICF.  Matt you mentioned a well thought out wood framed structure can be resistant to wildfire and we have built with wood forever but you also implore that adopting new/smarter building practices that were not used before.  Yes wood can be good, but to get the equivalent in wood to an ICF house involves more complexity and people to pay more attention to many more details/human error.  Yes I have the ICF bug.
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
It is 61 minutes.
A green lawn shows that the homeowner had plenty access to water to keep the vegetation on the property fresh.
I watched Good Simple Living they use cement siding that looks like wood.  That might be what they use.
So why did you choose the blue colored metal roof???
The reason is that Tom Hanks is very rich
We don't build for firestorms.  This is a wakeup call for areas now prone to this possibility.  Municipalities need to determine their exposure to this possibility, and for the sake of maintaining their commercial continuity (we know capitalism drives our nation over human value) revisit their building codes and enforce fireproof standards.  This same mentality should be applied to areas frequented by hurricanes, earthquakes and other potentially severe natural disasters.  As this video shows, few are prepared for such eventualties. Why!? Is it really that expensive to build to stronger levels? Can't inexpensive methods be employed?
All I can say is that the municipalities and State gov. have failed, again in CA. If they were serious, local building codes, HOA rules and common sense that is used across the US would have greatly reduced the risk. There is no 0 risk but reduced greatly. Water in reservoirs, pumping stations to provide backup hydrant water... trying to live in a hot dry desert...
It was not unprecedented.   It was unprepared for.
The detached garage behind the house and burnt out car is still intact as well.  At those temperatures, more luck than design.
Fire and earthquake are worst than hurricane
In England I can buy stainless steel woven mesh by the yard or cut to size easily, something like 20 mesh would retain flying embers and keep them out of openings. This would still permit soffits passing air into a roof space but retard the passage of flame and embers.
The first things that I though of with these fires was why had  the swiming pools not been turned into emergency water systems for fighting fire.  Now once this is all over the state should do a real audit on the houses that survived these fires and use this info for developing a new fire resistane building code for homes and business.structures.
@7:25 LOL Don't pay any mind to the old garage in the back that also didn't burn. OMG "check this out" look at this new house and how smart new buildings are... same distance behind an old open soffit garage untouched... 😅
What is the Australian company that makes the mesh and where is it available in the US? I am in North Carolina.
Ipe wood for a real wood deck. That wood is so hard it doesn’t burn and it is Class A
I'm a glassblower and work with tempered borosilicate glass. It melts at around 2100°.  And it can still crack if it becomes too hot and then gets cooled too quickly which is why we temper it and anneal it in a kiln.
The guy @ 3.05 lost a family member....it's not just the house.
Here in America we build cheapest possible... Of course the other methods are out of the price range of most Americans..
Biggest thing to take away from this , if you live in these zones you gotta keep the outside of your home clean and free of garbage, get your landscaping under control goes along way
"Firewise"a program in Mississippi directly aimed at preparing your property for fire. As an applicator of fire and a wildland firefighter you cant prevent disaster you have to prepare. Where are the hose lays and sprinkler systems and pumps we use to protect houses across the US? Wheres the foil wrap they use on historic and important structures in the forest? They ve had alot of rain and have hundred thousand acre wildfires yearly , this one just happened in the city where no one was prepared?
Anyone with a swimming pool should buy a submersible pump, hoses and a nozzle, and a portable electric generator. You can douse your place no matter whether fire hydrants and electric supply are working or not; or if 1st responders are tied up elsewhere.
building with concret doesnt seem to maske a difference with all the brick and mortar homes that were leveled in LA but yet the wood trees still stand tall
Costs prevent most solutions.
Take a look on European Houses Building Standards. Walls made from Stone and Concrete. Roof Material made from   Glasswool nasty stuff but not problematic because its hardly flambale. Roof shingles made from burned Clay, for good reason this has been proven the most fire resistant. More expensive but solid. When a House get on Fire you wont lose the entire House often only a roof is gone. The biggest Dame is caused by the Water putting it out. We facing  also more an more Vegitation Fires in dry summers, but I rarely have seen burning Houses to the Ground from Wildfires. They build to withstand fire long enough to bring yourself to safety  or the  arrival of a Firefighter or simply wont even  spread this far.
I think the front looks like charred wood. The charred surface gives some fire resistance.
World it just a testing that will taking you between heaven or hell in eternal life..the lesson is we must prepared for our eternal life and i just remind you all that end of time is near prepared with do charity because you have obligation to God for you goodness in eternal life..
Seeing Tom Hank's home, my first thought is the hillside behind his home and the trees there. How did they not catch?? Looks like a lot of those white homes survived near the ocean. But will Tom's home be able to survive potential mudslides and rockslides now??
Basic common sense for La La Land
Excellent information ,❤ my heart go on with California people’s ❤❤❤ love and care ❤❤❤
it was told that the houses without Smart Meter survived.
This is Earthquake country, and Drought. Land and demand are different from your country. Politics too.
Asphault shingles and plastic siding are the root cause of the destruction.
I very much appreciate your content and have learned so much from you over the past few years, but I feel that the timing of this video post is a bit insensitive. The last thing people who have been affected want to hear is what they could have done to prevent their loss. I understand that you're sharing this information with those living in other wildfire zones, but I just wish you had waited a tad longer to do so. 'The catastrophic disaster unites us' is a sad thing to say, too. Can you imagine how you would feel hearing people say that after you've lost everything? It sounds much like something a typical Christian would say.
Unless he's talking about a laser defense system, whatever this guy is saying is BS. Straight up
Seems like the wind turned the tops (not the trunks) of all those tall palm trees into ember-flinging torches.
What about roll down metal shutters over windows and entrances that are very popular in europe? For fire, storm and security purposes.
Can’t light a log on fire in a campfire without some kind of kindling. Take away the kindling and it hard to light-it up. Nice report thank you.
Back on 89 I think the fire in the Oakland hills that survived the fire were stucco and triple pane windows
Checkout use of Fire Free 88 intumescent coating: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=x8pJhHjjkSU
Interesting that in most cases the houses are completely burnt down but the nearby trees and plants are untouched. This suggests that the houses were lit by falling embers which would not ignite a house if it is simply kept wet. Also, all the demo fires would have no chance of taking hold if someone was there with a hose.    Evacuating a home in the middle of a burning forest is understandable. But evacuating whole urban suburbs and leaving the homes for the embers to ignite, and add to the burning embers, seems insane. If I lived in a suburb and was prepared with proper protective clothing, a pool (or water tank) with a petrol or battery powered pump and hose, I think I would prefer to stay and protect my home from the burning embers.
Why not also use the Japanese style pre-burned wood on the exterior, and installed exterior perimeter sprinkler systems ?    Houses are built criminally close to each other.  I see this where I live, where it's almost impossible to just walk between some houses in an $800k high end ghetto.
US military  White House Pres Trump gotta step in takeover from  donothinNewsum kariBassdeipick  outofcontrol.    The  USAF  cargo ac.. C-17,  C-5, even B-52s  massive cargo holds payloads can easily be converted  fast to water dropping  spreading water..come in low even in high winds  spread   cover huge swaths areas w water to stop fires in the tracks  No fire ... no houses  no Lives lost.  No reason no excuse  US Govt  WhiteHouse  DoD   USAF   Air Nat Guard, US Army Corp Engineers can  do this..  Like start today... gonna keep happening on and on.  USAF March AirForce Res Base can be permanent base staging area  is just 60 miles east of LA.. can have these planes pulled into   LAX  airport next door ready on standby Alert status...   Can  use  ocean water    better than wasting fresh water.. easily put fires out...   in no time.  High volume 48" pipes built fast pump Pacific ocean water direct to  LAX  build string of large holding tanks reservoir just for  LA Fire Emerg. US gotta take care of their Own First... nobody gonna help us. Show the World  power of  USA !   If there's Will  there's a Way. Good Luck California.  GodSpeed.
There is no question that the materials and the way we build house in fire zones in the United States are wrong .We have to drastically change our standards ,techniques and materials.We cannot continue to build the same way.Insurance companies will not provide coverage if we continue.We have to change today.
10:00 Apparently, the nearby plastic trash bins actually didn't melt or burn, even in houses that burned to the ground. One feature about the fires in the LA area, Lahaina and Paradise and a few other places is they weren't like normal wildfires. While houses burned to the ground and engine blocks and glass in cars melted and ran down the pavement or street, surprisingly plastic trash and recycle bins did not melt even if they were right by the houses. In Lahaina where businesses also burned down, steel frame construction suffered the same fate as houses and steel beams that burn at higher temperatures than forest fires melted but the plastic bins sitting just feet away were not melted.    Also trees and scrubs didn't burn the same way they do in typical forest fires. Something very different was going on in the LA area and in Lahaina and in Paradise and needs to be investigated.  Some say it's microwave technology being applied. But, then we have to face the fact that someone with much more power than a homeless man with a flamethrower did this to LA, and Lahaina and Paradise and a few other places and that is an uncomfortable thought. However, it won't stop until we stop it as citizens of this nation.   I'd like a scientist or technician who understands microwave technology to explain exactly how this burns houses and metal but leaves plastic intact. I know your home microwave doesn't like metal but can tolerate plastic, but I need a broader explanation. I'm sure the authorities will grab the plastic garbage and recycle bins up now that they know people are on to it, but before they do, look at the pictures and video footage of houses burned down in LA and the plastic bins sitting nearby are just fine, sometimes right by the houses the plastic bins are just fine. And, it's obvious that the scrubs and trees did not suffer the same fate as a typical forest fire or wildfire begun by a "blow torch or flamethrower" or by a "Camp Fire" the authorities and media love to call the Paradise, CA fire.
The great fire of London in the 1600's was down to poor wooden structures so it was rebuilt in brick and stone. Also when I visited Florida from the UK the pilot commented that not to be concerned with the smoke on the ground as it was a standard burn off of brush before it could get too  high before it became an issue So, question is did the LA authorities or residents have a brush management system in place. ? Might also help if residents have fire resistant window shutters that they can quickly click on.
How about not building wooden, flammable houses in firestorm prone areas!!!!!
thanks for the informative video 🙏🏼
ICF block with non combustible finishes
Over the last 20 years California has essentially stopped all forestry on public lands.We are down to just a couple of sawmills now and the only time I see a lot of logs going into the sawmill near my house (Sonora California near Yosemite) is burned logs from one of the out of control fires that we have.The state has even made it difficult to do fire hardening by banning gas chainsaws and weed eaters. I went to Austria several years ago to look at their building techniques that are mostly block and decks or exterior exposed wood are large timber.What I was amazed by was how beautifully manicured the forest was driving through the countryside.You would even see random stacks of firewood between 2 trees perfectly stacked.Fire hardening and forest management will help but with 100 mph winds there is really nothing you can do but get out of the way.Often the contents of the house (like drapes and furniture)will catch on fire and tempered windows can help.One of the products that I was amazed by for exterior walls is called Durisol. It is a pre formed insulated block made out of mineralized recycled wood chips and I have built several houses with it in California. It is a little more expensive than wood frame but it will not burn,I even tried to light some on fire with an acetylene cutting torch one time.What really made the cost difference is all the shear panels and Simpson hardware we have to use for earthquakes and the labor to install all these things. My prayers are with everyone affected by the fires.
They will rise again like Chicago did from the fire of 1871
The houses that are speared by the fire most likley did so much positive things for others and generosity and less bad things that the creator grant there wishes by not burning there home
You may be celebrating a bit too soon, as they are still going to lose their home and they definitely won't be allowed to remain inside the Burn Zones. That's why they just sent in the National Guard, to come Steal and Claim all the other homes for FEMA so they can rebuild this area into the new L.A.SmartCity2028! They won't get more than the $770 everyone else is getting, even if their home remains standing. I'm so sorry to say this, but this is the harsh Truth and reality of the situation. Have no doubt about it, this is a Land Grab!!!
Building codes need to change to prohibit wood stick built construction in the US. All homes should be built like in Germany where they are thick brick and concrete. The US should mandate poured concrete walls and poured concrete roofs, concrete does not burn, hurricanes cannot destroy a monolithic concrete house, a monolithic poured concrete house will protect from tornados, flood waters would have a difficult time destroying a concrete house: concrete is a far superior building material.
Not to mention the gas main on the street surrounded by concrete.
I definitely think it’s not rocket science to consider new building materials fire all new homes in Los Angeles. A place where FTMP, these decisions don’t break the bank. But just imagine being the only home in the neighborhood to still be standing. It’s a blessing, but also a very weird position to be in. So grateful for that builder Avery those owners, but man. An eery situation to be in. Heart goes out to my former state of CA. I feel for this state being a Floridian nite with family that has damage and lost homes in the hurricanes. This LA situation is on another level
8:43  Aluminium melting.  "Aluminum has a melting point of approximately 660.32°C (1220.58°F). "  That car is away from the house.    Hard to believe that car was exposed to that heat.
Lots of trees still standing?!?   Are you sure that this was not EMP assisted?
Jesus this did not need to be a 28 minute video, really hope you work on condensing your info somehow, I got about 3 minutes in and im realizing this is just you looking at the camera and talking for 30 mins, reiterating the same points and talking slow
We examine failure to learn how to avoid future failure. What’s less frequently done is examining success so as to reliably repeat it. Thank you for examining these successes in a sensitive way.
The house next door 1601 San Onofre Dr  to Hanks was on the market for $125 mil with "2 safe rooms" the designer was bragging that it is the most expensive  in the area a few days ago, he lost his house also and it was on some TV show
I saw this coming last year.  I was a well exposed planned plot to make way for land grab for the 2028 Los Angeles Olympics!  The 2028 Olympics was going to be the first ever in history that a city would NOT build new structures and you know why? Because there was no room or any clear land to build... The cities are stacked up to the room with population but guess what?  Oh these crooks had evil plans to create new lands by any means......   When a city builds structures for the Olympics, this brings Billions of dollars not only to business but to the city!  Olympic organization pays for it and this is a MUST for these evil L e s b i a n s leaders and goonie hair gel slapped incompetent traitor of this State to steal all the money they can!   4 different fires in way far locations at about the same time while everybody was sleeping,  proof it was government DEW being used during the night and that fake FOG the whole county of LA was getting for about 2 to 3 weeks contain Thermite dust with parasites making people sick which ENHANCES fires to become MASSIVE and impossible to control!!!
“Balloon frame” wood structures are prone to burn. Sheet metal, cinder block, brick, stone are all materials which would be better, fire proof wise. The issue is cost- wood frame is quicker and cheaper than the other materials, but you also have to be concerned about using brick, stone, metal, cinder block in an earthquake zone.
America still builds using wood? Wow.. I live in a 3rd world country and we barely have any wood houses here..
Stop building with wood. Have a large water reservoir on every property and sprinkler systems.
Well, done video I learned several important bits of information and will put them to use
Why not use asbestos?
Where are the links?
Thank you for posting this.  Amid the blame game going on, it's nice to see subject matter experts talking about potential solutions/mitigation steps to help avoid these conditions in the future.
DID THOSE THAT SURVIVED HAVE SMART METERS..?
Can someone please explain WHY USA uses this asphalt-shingle roofing? We don't seem to use this in Australia, it's all ceramic tile or corrugated "iron". These shingles seem very prone to storm damage, and as for fires....
The front of that house could be aluminium coated as that too would have melted along with the car, maybe LA needs to adopt the Aussie codes
Thanks Matt. This is excellent and timely information.
How come america doesn't use concrete or clay tile roofs on houses? here in UK almost everything is masonry construction of some sort and cement fibre boards are common but the country is either freezing or getting drenched. It makes no sense, the chance of fire extends to one month of the year here. Timber is the most renewable and quick form of construction i guess.
PURE BULLSHIT! THAT KIND OF HEAT WOULD HAVE AT THE LEAST CHARED THE FENCE THE SIDES THE ROOFS ETC..
And if the insurance companies and actuaries conducted all these assessment, why didn't they avail this information to the authorities, or moreso the builders? This should be a lesson for all regulators to find means and ways of sharing information, esp in favour of disaster prone areas.  Too much capitalism wreaks a lot more than it preserves.
Imagine having between 6000 and 9000 fires EVERY YEAR burning hundreds of thousands of acres and not doing the bare minimum to protect your MILLIONS OF DOLLARS house.
Appreciate ya. Thanks for sharing.
As a normal person i always build my homes out of concrete and steel, making houses out of wood is def not allowed here in Europe coz they burn
Mówienie że skoro jesteście w Ameryce musicie budować z drewna jest kompletnie dziecinnym zachowaniem. Czas uzmysłowić sobie jak wygląda rzeczywistość i absolutnie nie budować domów z łatwopalnych materiałów w mieście który co jakiś czas staje w płomieniach. Nie dziwi mnie dlaczego ubezpieczyciele nie chcą wam już ochraniać domów. Amerykanie... jeżeli kochacie drewno wypełnijcie nim w środku swojego domu przestrzeń. Nie oszczędzajcie na materiałach jeśli chcecie mieć domy w takim mieście z takimi problemami. Musicie znaleźć inne rozwiązania... skoro nie możecie liczyć na własnych polityków. Sami musicie budując dom zainwestować w lepsze materiały - jeśli was na to nie stać przeprowadźcie się gdzieś indziej.
Having lived in central California & experienced fires , a very freighting     unpredictable force." I live and build in Fla for the last 40 years & Hurricane Andrew changed everything about construction. Reinforced Block, Less pitched roofs,Hiped designs,metal & tile , impact resistant windows &doors ,the point being"you have to make changes in designs &codes in order for a better tomorrow."
Such a nonsense-  Normal forest fires are not so hot that they melt aluminium, forest fires also destroy trees and bushes first and these are still green everywhere here. Microwave ovens don't melt plastic either. Do some research on DEWs direct energy weapons
100 mph wind is not cat 5 hurricane
Tom Hanks house is clearly not wooden structure
Good Tom can live is his burned out neighborhood…should suit him fine
Years ago I built a system for my aunt in hill country of Texas. Consisted of water catch barrels on gutters, pumps and floats. 3/4 pvc tubing and sprinkler heads on here roof.  It's been tested and repaired year after year but never needed. Thank god.
Yeah.Wicked men will never repent.No science here or Human wisdom.Through God's Grace finish and Amen.Just defensive liars.
Way better then 60 covered the hurricane damages  in Appalachia
The shitty part is, that after not allowing fire mitigation to occur because they wanted to prevent mud slides, now there is NO brush to hold the soil in place when it rained.
I am a retired professional electrical engineer. I have designed many fire alarm systems.  One thing I have promoted over the years is use of Fire Free 88 (FF88) intumescent paint: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jz3qI7p0_7s
Now that you all have experienced this horrific event, and complete cities have been destroyed, take a moment before you rebuild, and think that it will happen again, so why don’t you build to this standard? I know we live in America, where history doesn’t teach you all anything, so you repeat it, but for Pete’s sake, this is your life, and if that means nothing to you, I’m speaking to myself, and will shut up!
Amazing content as always!
Thanks for sharing this video 👍Success depends on the amount of hard work and risk you take. Regardless of so many financial challenges, I thank God for a life transforming occurrence after past struggles.
The problem with concrete building in California, I suspect has to do with the other great threat there...earthquakes...concrete just does not do well in an earthquake...
According to my roofer, TPO rubber roofs are very flammable, while IB rubber roofs are very flameproof.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Surely, using at the very least clay or slate tiles would help.
If there’s a windstorm of embers like in the footage from 60 minutes, then why are so many trees unburned which are immediately adjacent to homes burned to the ground? Many of these trees in the area are highly inflammable, like eucalyptus and pines. You can see this in the photo of Hanks’ home clearly. Maybe the house was fire resistant but the surrounding trees were not.
LOOK @ THAT HELD BACK BLACK MAN WITH A MILLION DOLLAR HOUSE!
I BELIEVE IN THE CONSEPT OF BEING LUCK AND GETTING KARMA BASE ON HOW MUCH GOOD OR BAD DEEDS WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE WORLD. THE PEOPLES  HOME THAT BURN PROBABLY TO SELFISH OR DID MORE BAD THEN GOOD IN THE WORLD.  THERE IS SUCH THINGS AS SUPERNATURAL ITERVANTION.
His leader saved him for some reason..🤔👹
You should stop using the "that's how we do it here" as an excuse.  Just look at the horible videos of people passing through what was left of those neighborhoods. Youse them moving between what was left of the houses and the only thing still standing up is the brick fireplace and chimney. You don't need more than that to know what is one of the main problems. Stop looking for ways to maybe lower the chanses of fire instead of changing the way you build houses. Also, stop spawning your cities in all directions just to feel "in the nature" or just for the view. Start densifying your cities instead.
OMG.... modern society.    Matt wanted to do a scientific analysis of how to avoid this in the future, but he was forced by woke culture to preface it with 4 minutes of touch-feely gobbly gook sensitive messages.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Thanks for spreading the word. It is sad that we have all the knowledge and technology to build houses to withstand fire, hurricane, floods, mudslides, and tornadoes but we don't. It would be one thing if only hundred year old homes had these problems, but nearly all new construction is junk. I would definitely have skipped Tom Hanks home though. You go from the demo emphasizing defensible space to Tom Hanks house which has trees all along the side and back where the fire was coming from. It was not his rock roof or pool area that saved his house. The trees and vegetation near his house never combusted.
No smart meters
Thank you for the great content!
Some houses here in Toronto are now having roller shields deployed over the windows and doors. When there is a fire in a nearby hosue and hte temperature reahes a certainvalue these deploy a metal roller panel across the widnwos to  makethe house more survivable. Add in a metal roof and brick wallks and the hoisue stands  for hours longer and survived!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
“Fascinating House”……but really UGLY. ……really great info…we were all talking about why some houses survived and most didn’t.
Well thought out show ! You have inspired  me to look at my home / garage protection.. I appreciate your sympathy towards the L.A fires / people involved. GREAT SCRIPTURE PASSAGE. KEEP BUILDING
Smart meters didn’t help
JETT WILL LIVE
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You can screen soffits to prevent embers in e attic space
2:05 No, just because you have been doing something wrong for years doesn't mean you must continue on the wrong path. COMMON SENSE please. America must swallow their pride and join the rest of the world in building houses with bricks and cement.
You made a great video and i think no need for apologies.
Notice they dont use word forest fire because it wasn’t one! Wake up people! Pull document California signed called agenda 2030. No wonder newsome was smiling in every picture, he knows. “ burn back better! “
Wildfires can happen to anybody at any time (nothing you can do).  Audience wishes hapless victims all the best.  Cheers!
Canberra, Australia, a few years ago. Major fire, similar in intensity to LA (but not the scale). One of the survivors described the ember attack on their house as "being pelted with thousands of burning golfballs". CLEAN YOUR GUTTERS (and do the other things too).
The lesson here is to stop using paper to build your houses and to use brick and cement like the rest of the world. Americans are so funny andignorant
Not one trash can burned, not a single one. Every toilet and tub melted! Direct energy weapon was used, even glass I. Houses and cars ignited.
11:14 his firm is about to get ALOT of work 🎉
Oh please. They got lucky
I was wondering how some structures survived intact, whilst everything else around them was destroyed. This is such a great explanation, and something that everyone needs to see. Much better than the 'Alex Jones' type explanations flying around the internet. Thanks for the video. It's what we all needed.
Prayers 🙏🙏
As a European, I don't get why you guys don't use bricks instead of wood.
Well, these two company will bid for the smart city.
building smart has just begun. hmmm
Many old PEOPLE and crippled  have burnt alive the numbers may be revealed after search of every house
Considering the number of US homes that have swimming pools, I'm surprised a battery powered sprinkler system using that water to damp down the building while the fire 'jumps it' on the way through isn't used
I am a retired wild land firefighter and live in a high threat fire area. We had the largest Arizona wild land fire that destroyed many homes . Before we evacuated I took my lawn tractor and took the yard down to bare earth all around my house. I had removed some trees and brought the outside area up to fire-wise specs. I watched the fire come down the mountain ( I was now working the fire with the fire dept. which I was a volunteer with) with 60-70 miles an hour speed. My neighbors cabin burned to the ground, the cabin across the road burned, a lot of other structures burned. The fire came right to the property line I had cleared to however we had a small planter  behind the cabin that had bark on it that acted like a match and the fire burned through the bark. The fire was so hot that the steel roof was blistered and the underlayer was cooked. I feel that clearing most  all the fuels on the ground helped a lot. The key is to prepare way before the threat is there.  I don't think there is a way to totally protect against a fire but looking at this video and common sense will help a lot.
Very good video, thank you.
Kek, if only American houses are not made of fucking wood and instead made out of concrete like every other countries, the fire wouldn't be this bad.
Tom Hank's house was not a good example because you can see that the fire wasn't even close to the house. The trees weren't even burned. The houses behind were also spared even though there are renovations and flammable materials in the yard.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Building houses with bricks and cement would have saved A LOT of houses. That should be one of the biggest lessons learnt here.
There is a home type that keeps being avoided in these problem areas. They have proven resilience. They can survive fires, F4 and F5, tornadoes, and even hurricanes. We are talking about geodesic dome homes. Concrete homes. They may look a bit unusual, but they'll stand the test of time.
Don't forget to look at the eternal things God has put in place available through Jesus sacrifice by hearing the gospel message of salvation please Read EPHESIANS and Matthew 5-7
You need concrete walls around the properties, concrete houses.
2 Words not mentions,  smart  meters
That's not the only house the fire skip over some older homes got passed over and did not burn we need to figure out why and build back better
of The houses that survived the fire, I would like to know how many did not have Smart Meters. I’ve certainly heard that Smart Meters were associated with fires in the past.
Don't make houses out wood
How can existing homes be retrofitted to have a better chance of survival? Replace roofs and siding? Screening material as mentioned?  Active roof and perimeter sprinkler systems using pool water/storage tanks, propane powered generators/pumps?  In many areas the cost to replace the few homes that burn or are destroyed in weather events is low enough to not justify buiding all homes to be more resilient.  But at some point the cost of replacing large numbers of homes makes the higher cost of building stronger homes worth it.
Glad my place is all electric heating
This was super helpful, thanks!
I am lucky, not to live in a wildfire area. What a sad premise without plants, dominated by cement and stone...nothing except aircondition to bring cool air😢
Amazing technology it just makes sense to have and build any house 🏠
CA residents need to urgently fireproof their homes & community buildings. Best not to depend on any govt. to come save the day!
It's fascinating for me how are you amazed by standard european house.
Cancer will skyrocket for those in that area in the years to come.
Why california has so many regulations -- yet Doesnt mandate fireproofness in an area known to catch fire is absolutely crazy --- Law changes should immendiately be made , and money given as an incentive to houses that are  fire resistant --- every little bit helps -- and house and urban planning (as well as forestry management) that resists this must be implemented --  of course it wont -- tha LA lawmakers focussed on other things.
SEARCH    INTUMESCENT PAINT
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
No doubt that house was plastered with embers for an extended period of time.  This architect better raise his rates!
My house is 100 feet from houses down near the river from the row of places at the top along the street
Wood vs. stone/steal/concrete. It is not difficult to determine that wood burns much easier than sturdier materials.
what I find amazing in the comments is no-one suspicious of how and why? when blue plastic doesn't burn, trees still standing but houses totally reduced to white ash? nah that's  not normal, no matter how dry the weather has been or how buildings were constructed. It really disappoints me you all think this is a natural fire. This is why it is so very easy for corrupt people like Newsom to get away with their crimes. Lack of critical thinking and curiosity. This is a crime scene. a murder scene. much like Lahaina. Same weird anomalies of the colour blue not burning. Just study your microwave oven. they always say no metal in microwaves as it ignites so easily. Same goes for these fires.
Watching these terrible fires my 1st question still is - why are they building with wood ?? I am German, we are building with Bricks and Concrete (obviously for the cold), why wouldn’t US and Auss people use the same ? is it a financial question ?
It doesn't help that fire creates its own weather system, increasing the driving wind.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Would brick under clay or cement be better. I live in a Cape Town suburb ( South Africa) The city of Cape Town had 4500 fires in December. That's the greater city area from Atlantis in the North to Gordons Bay in the East and Simonstown in the south. The area of the greater city is 80% the area of Connecticut. We have a mountain range running partly through one area of the city. We have the South Easter in summer. I don't see fire breaks in LA. The city of Cape Town, cuts back all 5000 parks, has a pre summer brush burn in Spring. Most houses are brick under tile. Also thatch roof houses have sprinkler systems  on the roof. Added to that the poorest of the poor burn old car tyres to get the metal out and sell for scrap.
I'm Canadian, and a vast majority of our houses are brick.  And in downtown Toronto houses were built with slate.   I do see a lot of metal roofs now.    After seeing all of this devastation, esp in an area that had massively expensive homes,   you have to wonder why most of these houses didn't have a plan to deal with fire.  What a tragedy.    I know this was a perfect storm but you have to wonder about the flying embers landing on roofs miles away....
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I don't understand why Americans are disregarding any helpful suggestions made by Australians or even criticize their comments.   It's only comming from a place of concern and compassion and hundreds of years of experience.   Perhaps say thankyou and then quickly implement their fire protocols?
A Seismologist in CA once said: EQs don’t kill people, Buildings Do. The same logic applies to fire proofing your house in vulnerable areas. Any new construction in the affected areas must build, as much as is possible, fire retardant homes and buildings. Periodic brush management should also be part of the equation.
Should look up Australian and New Zealand standards for building home in cyclone/hurricane areas to bush fire area it been proven in Florida one bloke built his house to Australian standards and was the only house standing after a hurricane anyways bitumen on roofs is not a good idea anyways devastating stuff to see and wish all the best to the people of California
If two people of 80 with an garden hose can safe their house. Everbody can.  Just be prepared to confront a wildfire and there is no problem.
DEW AND CHEMICAL DUMP MAYBE?
I never forget the sight of a lone house that was untouched by the firestorm that devastated many houses during the Oakland Hill fire in 1994. The owner had "fireproofed" his house and offered all of the information for free so others could benefit. However, those fireproofing features and techniques weren't even included in the building codes ever since.
The architect, greg i believe, who built the surviving house should be on whatever commission or committee they form to determine how to rebuild LA. Perhaps even release his plans or smaller versions for free or lower cost. The government might be able to secure large amounts of the necessary materials to reduce costs and get stuff there quickly.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
A bit scary that home right up to the hill.
Great commentary
Great job, this video was very useful!
If you can't put your hand into a campfire, it's not out.
Zombie proof + ember proof mesh
As an australian it's hard to believe people would compare a Bush fire to a targeted energy weapon that literally cooks the ground and heats up anything earthed to the ground and doesn't melt plastic.😔😔😔
Fiberglass windows and doors
Great video.  Lots of resources we've been bouncing around out here.  Houses burned miles into the flat urban areas, and that puts essentially everyone at risk in California....  We need all homes (and other buildings) to be that hardened against catching fire...  And it doesn't have to be ugly or super expensive.
Let's not overlook the fact that several of these homes were very close together. I believe that lot size contributed significantly to this horrible disaster.
At a 4th of July fireworks event, I was chatting with a buddy that has a PHD in Environmental Science and works for a major Insurance Company evaluating climate risk.  He said that, short of major new rules for homebuilding and renovations that require fireproofing, expect all the major insurance companies to pull out of CA.  Things like metal roofs, brick/stucco/cement siding, vent protection, etc.  He also illuminated me to the issue of embers being carried by the wind for MILES.    I never thought about the vinyl windows melting and then completely exposing the interior like Matt mentioned but I am sure that insurance companies do.  Just like people building in a flood plane have to rebuild their houses on stilts, if people want to rebuild in CA, the houses will need to be fireproofed or they will not be insurable (and hence, won't be able to be procured with a mortgage).
Great stimulating video Matt.  You are discussing the important issues but will the law makers pay attention and act.  Any new laws won’t protect all the old houses out there so the laws have to be very smart.
😊🎉 thank you so much.
all wood they must learn the story of the 3 little pigs
Okay Einstein get on with the story
this is so stupid that they build  the private houses from wood  !!! why they build the houses from wood  ? because  it's much more cheap  ???
New Internet Troll Stories: The Story of the Three Little Pigs  - The first little pig built a house out of straw and got burned  - The second little pig built a house of wood and was burned.  - The third little pig built a house out of concrete and was unharmed after being scorched by the fire.
Saw a man who had the only home in his area saved by placing ordinary garden sprinklers on his roof before leaving. The type that sways over from left to right. The fire line clearly stopped at the water line. Another couple in their 80's had only home in area saved. She had hose at front garden, he had one at back.
Hempcrete
Thank you for the great content!
It's time  to change the building rules.
only 5% of th buildings in L.A. are conform with the actual firestandards
Matt, I haven't watched on of your videos for a while. Thanks for this one. these building techniques will be essential if the homes lost in this tragic firestorm will be rebuilt. What I like about you is that you share the things that you have learned, both from your own work, but more than that, what you have learned from other builders. You seem to have an ability to keep your ego in check, and give credit to people who have taught you new ways to do things.
California also has to think earthquakes building with brick and stone aswell as fire resistance
Great job, this video was very useful!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Matt you mention monopoly framing as a benefit for fire retarding but what are your thoughts about the benefits of roof overhangs such as keeping walls,windows dry and shaded
It was planned a military weapon can set one building on fire but not the othet they are uesing waves undetected.  The want world order trump help no one safe
Very well done, appreciate this video!
What saved the house? @8:28 "Stucco which serves as a fire block; side walls & a metal/steel roof." You're welcome.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
The third little pig knew.
Sprinkler system for home not just garden
I am French Welder 🧑‍🏭🇨🇵 I weld pipe all my life ,huge one 600/1200 mm mma stick.  Why with all the fire all the time no body connect swimming pool each other with hybride thermique/electrique pump (if lockout ) and put discret permanent pipe on roof with diffusion système against fire.  Each swimming pool is more full if water than any truck ,plane,helicoptere.  And today with wifi camera you can controle that from far away in secure 🙏  All the professionnal all over the world ,we must find solution 🏡🚿🇺🇸🇨🇵🧑‍🏭🧑‍🔧🧑‍🚒🦾💪
it is awful, looks like Gaza.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Why don’t people build brick homes in areas at risk of fire or hurricanes?
As a non American or Australian, I'm amazed how little Americans know about construction.  Why in the world would you still be building homes out of wood? Fires, hurricanes and Tornados absolutely demolish these homes, we see this yearly in the US on the news, but yet people will go back and rebuild out of wood.  Don't Americans know how to construct homes out of bricks, cement and concrete?  Just take the story of the three little pigs into consideration!  I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house down. Come on guys, this is not rocket science.  I don't mean sound inconsiderate at a time like this, but this could have all been avoided if Americans and Australians and the British simply build homes using bricks and plaster.
Fire hazards lithium batteries evs
The dry climate and annual santana winds are completely predictable.  This is a complete failure of local government as well as some poor architecture choices.
Is it because they are not built out of wooden sticks? 🤔😬
Just a guess but they may not have smart meters.
Paint the roof blue, and it will be ok
Stop voting Democrats
Who owned them?  That's why they survived.  There were not 'wild' fires.  How about some homes in N california surrounded by tree which weren't burned but the properties were reduced to white dust?
Concrete block shell,metal or concrete shingles,no bushes or shrubs close to the house.
I have a house in country NSW Australia. It's wood and probably highly flammable, built in 1920. However, I am the only person within miles that has a fire trail ( a back lane that a fire truck can drive along)  all my huge water tanks have fire hose outlets on them and a large defendable clearing around the house - metal wire fencing, metal roof and a gravel pathway. I am not responsible for those choices, but Im glad they were done before I bought the house. People in the community say my house will be the only one standing if there is a devastating fire.
The Americans seems to be complelty clueless !! how is it possible for them to be so unprepared for a potetial  combination fire event like this ??  Why aren't their deep fire breaks ab a around these urbanised areas for starters !!
Maybe if this was a planned disaster like in Hawaii because  they should have had the water storage full and maintained and firetrucks  be ready to use sea water especially near the coast line because the excuse sea water will kill off plant growth is a only temporary thing because I can show pictures all around the world of forests growing along the coast line no problem but sadly these people will not learn and vote the same incompetent morons into power again and again .
One of the things I’ve never understood about the US is this: why, despite having such extreme weather events (tornadoes, hurricanes, devastating wildfires), do they persist in building houses out of wood instead of using materials like cement, concrete, or masonry? Even here in Brazil, considered a developing country, and even in the poorest favelas, wood construction has largely been replaced by concrete. So why hasn’t it been the same in the US?
You should build the little  houses with more free space around
this was not a natural fire. Lahaina was the first time I saw that there was criminal behaviour going on. LA is the same. How come blue doesn't burn? and cars melt yet trees still stand. that's not normal.
Good & Great Advice; Thank you
Tom Hanks - made a deal with Devil to save this house?😮.
If you live in an area with high risk of wildfire, you fireproof your home. There is in fact discounts from insurance companies, that reward fireproof measures.
Do you think it was a Purgatory Bonfire or intentional arson?
Most of the world builds with stone, concrete, earth blocks, etc... much more fire resistant
Can they explain the trees still standing next to burnt homes and plastic garbage cans unmelted?
We are adopting some of these building features to protect against fire but then without eaves there can be other problems with rain. Also eaves protect against heat of the sun. We had houses completely fire prepared that still got burnt up. Metal houses even. Then some old cottages of wooden weatherboard would survive. Some of this is luck. With no vegetation then we have dry deserts around our homes with less moisture held. You win one way , you lose another.
You explained this so well, thank you!
You’re describing ugly houses with no character or soul. How about we not try to terraform a desert and instead live in the habitable areas of the country?
Why do they build wood frame building and not concrete or armed cement less damage
As a homeowner, about to renovate on Connecticut’s eastern shoreline, this was so beneficial. We rarely get wildfires, but this summer we had a drought and several wildfires. One of our firefighters lost his life. We also get hurricanes, so I’ll research that as well. Great video.
I was just thinking this before I saw this video, why are the houses in the US built out of wood.  People always used to mock this but it seems that if houses were built better, maybe the fires would have been contained better?  This is not something anyone want to happen to someone but maybe a lesson is learnt and houses will get built better now?
Amazing content as always!
Yeah. Yeah, just turn up the aircon! And grow a pair!
Why all the swimming pool are not connected with water controle système against fire in roof 🤷   We talk about smartphone,IA,autonome car ,bla bla bla ...  And nobidy utilse swimming pool water to protect house in 2025 🤦  Must be a legal Obligation
This was super helpful, thanks!
just a thought,    remember Sodom, the sin city of old, where Lot, niece of Abrham was saved, same thing here, If there is good man He will protect it.  the house of good men are safe from wrath of fire. Maybe those houses are protected by God? The hot wind did not touch their belongings. God knows who are His. Try to background check those owners  about their characters and their relationship with God.  yeah the material will help, most of houses and structure here are expensive and standard against fire,  some are having firewalls but of no used in face of God,    look at titanic the unsinkable but after mocking God, what happened to the unsinkable ship?  so better invest in spirtitual a true investment and not of this world. we gonna leave all material things after we die, but prep for the after life if you believed on someone who cause all things from nothingness, for He is God alone YHWH.
Your looking for business SAD!
Do you live under a rock?  How do I defend my house against smart meter fire, directed energy weapon, weather manipulation, government sabotage of infrastructure?
Thank you for the great content!
to much intro blah blah go straight tothe point….zzzzzzz
In thinking back to the home I lived in in Fullerton, CA; Orange County; that how was sided as roofed with Cedar shake. In brief that home was roofed as sided in kindling used to start fires. And yes, many homes out in that area still have cedar roofs & siding.
Just wondering, about the one house “intact” with neighbors all burn down, the house it self did not burn, but it was sitting in the oven with all the fire around it. Will it need to repair for interior damage? (Uncle in Texas, he said their air condition is turned on even when nobody is home in summer, otherwise the glue used in furnishing will go bad)
I am disgusted by this channel. Salesmen want to make more money by critisizing only the structure not the system.
It’s a requirement you have to clear a fire line I. Know some places it’s 15 feet from the property line and we use a bull dozer
Thank you for your prayers, this show is very much educational. Bless us oh LORD HERE IN California ❤❤❤❤
Very well done, appreciate this video!
They went crazy on Tiffany Henyard and people like her for a couple hundred thousand dolars in spending,  while people like these devastate states sinking them billions in bebt and millions in death, broken lives and get very little smoke. Just  lots of kiss ass and respect.  Flowers to my women,  especially my sisters.  Keep standing up Jah Lightah support yah.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
His neighbors probably hated it and called it ugly and ghetto…. Those neighbors are gone now.
What happened to the foam spray which solidified to form a fire retardant cover all over. It was being demonstrated many years ago. The properties on either side would have gone but the treated one was undamaged. I have tried to find it again, but it was many years ago, anyone else remember? Why didn’t it take off?
Not trying to be a dick, but 100mph winds is not a Cat 5, and Katrina was a Cat 3. 100 mph is Cat 2. Now this is the equivalent of a Katrina for California, no argument about that, it’s probably worse than Katrina.
Wise man build his hose upon a rock ..😂😂
I mean first all houses are built with wood and stuff that burns… if you look at the aftermath every single time all that is left is a chimney.
Here in the United Kingdom  we use A Passive Fire Protection  Coating for Wood. This could be used to Spray on Buildings before The Fire Storm gets to your Property. There is an American Company that produces this type of Passive Fire Protection  Material called Sherwin- Williams .Hope this helps !😊
Some people have shown footage of peoples smart meters literally blowing up in the fires, and the houses turning into infernos right after.
Houses builds with woods never going to survive fire.
story of the three little piggies went right over their heads
Mohave dessert cold dry air, mountains warm moist air, air is sucked through the canyons, when there is a fire and the air is even hotter, the fire causes the winds to move faster. Fire feeds the winds.
Design the house outside don't burn,  solar power , water maker from air and water the plants during dry season
👋
This all fine and dandy but as a builder I know that this is cost prohibitive for most people.  Most evwrything good is extremely expensive, from healthful food, healthcare, fuels, building materials.  You name it.
Those winds happen every year in California
Great article, the problem is cost. I am sure all of these ideas cost 10-30K more than a typical build, and most people who lost their homes cannot afford this. I know they can't afford not to but when you don't have the money, you don't. I agree that insurance companies should offset the cost of insurance based on the upgrades you do. I am hoping that California chips in and possibly offers grants or programs as they did 10 years ago when pushing solar where they pay for the cost of all the upgrades because ultimately in a fire like we just had most of these people will be leaving California for another State.
if only some kind of fire proof squirty foam existed, like foam fire extinguishers have, they could of plumbed pipes around the exterior and totally covered everything in foam, not that concrete & bricks are known for burning particularly well
dont be surround by bushes and dont build out of cardboard 😂😂😂😂
How about luck?
A house with wildfire benefits also is less likely to have rodents. What about termites?  The Cummer Art Museum used a $16MIL  Grant to restore a protected historical house. 3 years later it was leveled because of  termites. A stucco house.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
And now USA discovers the rest of the world live in the 21st century while you still in the 19th 😂
I know we're talking about defensible homes from wildfires but Tom Hanks is not someone who is love he is someone who constantly finds himself in trouble for being in 6:12  inappropriate situations with  boys.  allegedly.
Building with wood is absolutely a NONO India. It is either concrete RCC or at least brick,stone and morter. Wood houses not even 1 in a million, none at all in the bigger cities. No wood in construction of windows even. Mostly aluminium or steel.  Americans must give up on wood.
Wasn't Tom Hanks at Epstein's?  I thought I heard his name mentioned about this?    Does this tell you something?  The Currupt Elite...these fires were deliberately done for there agenda !!!
Most houses in the US doesn't have firewalls, firewall prevent the spread of fire from house to house even wild fire if a wall is build in the grass land incase of Wild fire this will prevent the spread of fire , fire wall is a common features in new Philippines homes recently in my place in the town a fire cause the entire blocks of old wooden houses that almost century old but the spread of fire was prevent by a fire wall on both side
Not made from wood??...Its amazing to me how most all houses in the USA are made from wood, when in the 3rd world almost all normal and upscale houses are made with normal bricks and ceramic tiles. Holding a flame against these normal houses will do nothing.
And the Palestinians have been dying under these conditions curtesyto you know who
It is imperative that evolution in building technology has to take place with time. But then you got old Billy Bob there, who does things like he always did, because all that new stuff is all nonsense and no one ever did it that way...
Just a thought - for existing houses that may be stuccoed thats more fire resistant, but regular windows, could they add a type of storm shutter out of steel to pull down over them  to assist? Obviously only if the owner had plenty of notice of a fire outbreak
Actually cars also contain aluminium oxide coatings, and that will melt at a much lower temp. So that is a possibility.
Use material that's don't burnt to build house
Judgement of god is not about the build the house noob
Get to the point
The fact that these fires occurred RIGHT NEXT TO AN OCEAN is beyond criminal. Why weren't desalination tanks built decades ago so that every home could have a ring of underground sprinkler systems installed? Capitalists need to be rehabilitated. If they think that Pete Hegseth's youthful exuberance is going to increase recruit numbers, they are sadly mistaken. Today's youth don't want to fight and die for pistachio wars between Iran and the Resnicks, the billionaire couple owners of CA's water supply. Boycott their Wonderful products - pomegranate juice, fuji water, pistachios. Capitalists need to stop using young bodies and destroying humanity economically for childish, selfish private profit games.
So Tom Hanks house stands. What irony. He said last week he was leaving the US right after the inauguration. Take the lovely left wing bride, Rita, with you Tommy. Leave your citizenship at the airport. One way trip, please.
Probably built of bricks and concrete not cladding and wood
NFPA drives all building codes.  Anyone in design and construction needs to be familiar with it.
How did they know to build for wild fires if these are a new event caused by climate change?
Not watching but i can guess, they used proper building materials such as bricks... even a retrd like myself knows wood and fire don'tmix.
You have to plug your down pipes and fill your gutters to the brim. Then use your fire pump to establish a constsprinkler😊
I live in a fire prone area in australia  (surrounded by national parks) and have needed to evacuate 4 times over the years. The first time, the fire front was heading towards us in three directions. Twice the town was saved at the last minute due to change in wind direction. We soon learnt how to get "fire ready" and we do get reminded regularly. Sprinklers on the roof, blocking the downpipes with old clothes and filling the gutters with water. I now have a similar metal mesh over the gutter to prevent embers getting in the roof cavity. You may feel complacent if the fire is not close, but it needs to be taken seriously because of the ember attack. We now have 3 fire stations in my town, The normal fire and rescue, station, the bushfire unit (mainly volunteers) and the command centre that coordinates fire fighting etc. After the first major fire they would not allow any new housing estates to be established in my town and to my surprise they have adhered to it.  Each fire situation is different and to be honest I don't think the firefighters would have been able to do much in what happened in California due to the winds and age of the homes. The weather was the fires friend and the firefighters enemy. Hopefully the appropriate authorities will seriously review what happened and take steps, including updated building standards to prevent a similar thing from happening again. America its time to put aside political motives, bias and divide and tackle this ongoing threat as a country from the top down. No doubt that I will get negative comments but I did reside in the affected for a while.
13:48 Dude, don't give chat gpt a shout out in this sensible, well-informed video. 😂
Why dont americans use concrete for their houses?
Directed Energy  Weapons  not so hard people they really do exist
SO pleased to get all these explanations - there was me thinking that like Paradise and Lahaina, it was a concocted Chemtrail/DEW attack on prime Real Estate. Silly me!
I heard that smart meters with lithium seem to be the ones that burned to the foundation because they burn so hot and the copper wiring would spread the intense heat.
Thank you for this video and your comments had three homes in California one in Doherty one in Glendora and one in Monrovia now I’m in Hutchinson Minnesota in a living center my age is 88 ,we lived in California, California for 60 years never saw fires like this when we built our home  in Glendora back in the 60s  It  was a tracked house very nice but your updated information on how to bill is wonderful I wish those other people had  their homes had been able to talk to someone like yourself for information bless you and we pray for the lost houses and lost lives of the people that have have been affected by this horrible fire thank you again wonderful program Bless you.🇺🇸👍🙏
Can water the plants during dry season
where is the external sprinkler system?
Ipe has a class A fire rating. That's an expensive deck though.
Perhaps building out of kerosene soaked wicker isn't a great idea
Good Oul Mr. Hanks pops up again. Survived Covid first now surviving this WTF ? ….Los Angeles means Angels…..his Movie … Angels & Demons …😂 Illuminati
I said on another post , it should be mandatory n give incentive to build with , metal, concretes. Put in sprinklers around  homes , ocean is close maybe underground pipeline to areas to hook up to in neighborhoods.
The house  have survived burning because it's God's good will...next time he may use flood, earthquake or cyclone perhaps...be prepared and repent people the end is near... don't believe in man made things however strong the builder may claim of his invention...it will be destroyed in just a blink of an eye
I will never understand Americans building their houses out of wood. Everyone else is doing concrete and brick................
It amazes me that the USA has overhead electricity lines in kost places, but to have them running all over a desert-forest is incredible.
We used to live in Colorado which is another state prone to wildfires.   We lived in a very small town with it's own fire dept.   The fire dept would come around once a year to inspect each property to see if each home owner did fire prevention for their property.   We had built our home, stucco outside, and a 5 foot perimeter of rock around the house.   No bushes.  We did have 2 trees in the back yard but we kept the lower tree limbs trimmed up pretty far.  I don't remember what the requirement was for how high to keep the limbs trimmed, but it met the fire detardent standards.    But if a home owner did not do their own fire prevention on their property everyone was warned by the fire dept that they would not try to save your house if a wild fire erupted.   The fire dept would only try to save homes whose owners took precautions.
I don't understand that (hyper)rich celebreties in Hollywood build their many of millions dollar expensive houses not fire-proofed, especially in California and on hills considering also the existence of Santa Ana-winds and other well-know (super)dry environmental and other 'fire-loving and consuming by fire materials' conditions. The most rich people on earth are assembled in that wildfire dangerous zone. And seems to be not prepared on this worse "disaster movie looking" scenarios. Just a thought.
Another thing you could do is start looking at light gauge steel framing. Wood framers would adapt very easily to this. Also, I’m sure insurance companies would be happier to take on fire risk.
Who could have guessed that using fewer flammable materials would result in a more fire resistant home. Go figure.
It's fun to imagine americains just thought building in wood isn't a great
The English sound track has a problem.
5:18 Speak for yourself dude. #evilpredpedz
Nice, hope the looters thanked the architect.
I can't believe Americans are just realising that wooden houses burn, get blown away or collapse in floods!  And clearing scrub helps stop fire spread.
*WOW, I just built a house couple years ago all with brick, concrete, laminated 12mm frameless glass for windows, tiles, almost nothing that can burn, only the kitchen cabinets are wood and bathroom cabinets.*
This video covers what i have been thinking about the last few days. I was wondering about set backs and clear zones. Also material differences. I think LA is at a great position to modify local codes.
Builders licking their chops at early retirement
Tom Hanks has not to have his house the evil man
simple concrete construction would've made all the difference
All good info but keep in mind this doesent help when they use D E W S.
IT REMINDED OF GAZA only without the 200,000 deaths the legacy media covered up on behalf of their zionist owners.
Build house made of concrete, much better not a light materilas
Psalm 34:18 ❤ God bless you sir
To avoid death by the punishments from God wildfires floods earthquakes more mag 7 earthquake volcano tsunami hurricane tornadoes snowstorm lightnings meteor plane crash fires tornadoes HMPV non-Muslims to convert to Islam and Muslims to apply the Quran 100% in Us in China in Russia in Saudi Arabia in Indonesia in Turkey in Japan in Australia in the world immediately.
Speak for yourself bud not everyone loves PEDO TOM PRANKS
In Taiwan we have concrete apartments due to earthquakes so our apartment would not have caught on fire easily unless you use a cheap material to build a apartment or a food stall with cheap materials would not survive.
👏
Romans 8:28  “And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.”
Smart meters or blue roofs this time?
Check out Andrew comarity. 1/4 plate steel roof. 6x6 post with I beams.
Is it cheaper to build with wood in America...a brick or concrete home  i think stand a better chance of survival. When i see the prices of these wood homes one would thought of brick homes..not wood
I’m Australian builder we developing a home built from cellular concrete with light gauge steel columns in the walls and roof creating an encapsulated concrete structure that can withstand ember attack we are using a US spider tie concrete forms
Concrete and fire retardant materials can prevent fire from damaging your home.
Tom Hanks house survives LA fire, Oprah Winfrey survives Lahaina, those cabal illuminati houses won’t burn  : of course
Build a suddivision  equiped by Fire Sorinkler system
In Myanmar 95% of the buildings in cities are built with reinforced concrete. Yes, Myanmar is in an earthquake zone, yet we still build it and it's the best thing ever. It protected us from fire, storm, floods, and earthquakes.
Best wishes from the uk maybe when  pools  are rebuilt  they could add  extra  Water  storage underneath and a fire hydrant on top. Every little  help and the fire fighter would know where to look.
Australia, you'll  see  fire retardant  fencing,  managed  burns of bush land,  fire breaks,  think  they've learnt from experience.
As an Architect, and former resident of the Pasadena neighborhood north of the 210 Eaton fire area, I can appreciate the comments made about modern construction tecniques and fire resistant building material usage but let's please understand that those homes were built over 120 years ago. Mine for example, was built in 1902, wood frame on a crawl space with wood shake roofing.  Over a century drying out in the LA sun.  That house was DRY like kindling.  I'm saddened but not surprised that it no longer exists.  That part of Pasadena and Altadena was a sitting duck.
Why didn’t anyone just cover their houses with a super big fire resistant blanket?????
The reason for such strong winds is fire, and the cause of fire is wind. The stronger the fire, the stronger the wind. If there is no fire, the wind will be moderate or strong. If the houses were not wooden, there would be no fire and the wind would be weaker. Stop building wooden houses!!! As a European, I would be afraid to sleep in such a house surrounded by hundreds of wooden houses. Disaster!! Paying several million dollars for a house built of wood is idiocy. Look at what is left of those houses; chimneys built of concrete or brick, foundation slabs made of concrete and a few walls that are concrete or brick. Everything else can be put in a shoebox. If you build wooden houses again, after this experience, no one can help you with your stupidity.
"...whether you're in TX like me or in RI..."  How did he know where I'm watching from? Creepy. Anyway, I saw a new construction (no tyvek yet) still standing in a leveled neighborhood. I just figured it was the only house NOT connected to gas yet.
PVC:  polyvinyl chloride, harmful to human health and the environment.
Strange most houses burned inside,, and some gardens are still green,,
Clear the forest floor like it used to to be. You missed the point
Some got Smart meters that caught fire
Horrific
4:57
Yeah it's about 5:00 in the morning I'm in Texas I guess that's where you're at I was just reading and watching your blog I'm a retired engineer from the state of California as a kid I worked in all those places all of the Palisades Pasadena we had a mechanical company in Inglewood California by the LAX airport I work for my family there, but in designing a house in the state of California rarely does people design anything for fire it is not one of the design criteriums the most important criteria in California is the factor in seismic Zone 4 so those are designed parameters is building something for earthquakes most all building departments are very much concerned about that then there may be some concern about potential flooding high winds but buildings single-family dwellings can all be designed for both if you use a lot of concrete add metal roofs better designed to handle fire typically fires don't last over 2 hours as they're sweeping through areas so if you can build a place that can withstand a 2-hour and the majority of the design features have a low flame spread rating you should be okay and I completely agree with you on these windows vinyl windows can't be used fiberglass windows can't be used and zeroscope is preferable but I applaud what you're doing I'm hoping that a lot of people get to see this specifically architects who are going to design new homes to go back into the we used to call him Bungalows up there in the Palisades I don't know how many of those homes as a kid we used to go up in and put plumbing and electrical in these
trouble is most of there houses. are little more than wooden sheds. not designed to last.
I am surprised that million dollars homes are made of wood, and not  made of bricks.
So no blue paint (DEW shield) hidden under a covering layer?
Are you blind? Keep mocking God! Super Starts Hollywood! You can build your house of Iron! KEEP MOCKING GOD, GOD WILL DESTROY ALL OF THEM! foolish reporter
Could be cement board for siding
Something that no-one seems to have touched on is that many of these properties have swimming pools, which are still full after the fires. What I'm thinking is that if a pump (NOT powered from the mains) was able to take the water from the pools and spray it into the air, over the property and building, it would not only dampen down the areas it reached, but it would add a high moisture percentage to the dry air, and also help cool it. All these things would potentially have a significant affect on reducing the speed of the fires?
Use concrete and bricks instead of wood sticks
From what I read and see, every mansion/house in LA was in the "fire zone".  Some people have said it was the 2nd time their house burned down.  #1 - if true, you should with all your money built a house that's fire proof #2, you should have under the landscape water sprinklers.  I don't know why people were using fire hoses when there are under the ground water sprinklers.  #3 - those LAers are living in LALA land and anyone who moves back is an idiot.
looking at the  news repoorts om palacades fire eith un maintained forests or wide spread  over population of trees due to commercial  plantation logging due dense compaction of trees 1-2 mile  exclusion zone  when dealing with home buuilt within bushland or semi rural area  must maintain fire breaks both sides of the fence  between fence line and home 500-1500 meters    large water tanke for fire suppression system  it isn't so much what yoiu build  the house out of, not  knock building uot fire retardant materiial, however  the real reas8in that 6nmonth oldv home didn't burn  it didn't a years ur decades worth fuel laying about for  creation of a fire source thus is why other properties burnt out
No smart meter probably
It is important to mention that every example he shows is”cheap vs expensive” homes. He didn’t show any cheap ways of fire safe homes. Concrete, stone, shingles, metal, space, all of this is really expensive
Minimum wood, brick-mortee-concrete houses, clay roofs, metal window and door frames, iron mesh external doors !!  No rocket  science! Even tthe dumbest one can see the reason.  And no stupid cheap wooden fences!
The  reason of this dramat  is weather abnormality. All say that it should not happen in winter time,  now shoud be rains, wind is not usual but it is all.  People talk about   bad decisions about fire safety  and construction.
fire resistant houses for california.
If you know of fire proof fence material that still gives you privacy. Anything like bricks or concrete bloks for fences are allow up to four feet and not higher, i live in contra costa county CA , so many rules that in reality city codes dont allow to protect our homes.
@Matt Risinger Did these houses have smart meters ?  And don’t forget North Carolina and TN
heard this crazy story about three little pigs : one built out of straw, one of wood, and one of brick. The brick one is the one that survives - maybe there is a lesson there that US construction companies can learn from??!
I looked around on google maps as the fires started happening, just to see where these fires took place.  The thing that got me more than anything is that the yards are highly landscaped from the street to the house with lots and lots of ornamental grasses and flowers that can get dried out.  I also saw lots of ragged looking "natural" landscape again with it all the way from the street to the house on the majority of these beautiful homes.  It just looked to me like all of this landscape would just feed the fire.  I've never been a fan of the natural landscapes as it looks so unkept.  I especially don't care for landscaping that has plants that dried out and died back according to what time of year it was.   I went down street after street in several of these areas and saw this.  Of course, I know the winds were 80 to 100 mile an hour winds that really fed the fires and there is nothing anyone can do to help that situation.   All the things you talked about make total sense.  Although I don't live in CA or any other fire prone place, we still have fires and your tips could help anyone build a better fireproof home! Thanks for your video.
I didn’t think there were any people in Austin that actually has common sense except maybe governor Abbot I thought that most of California was moving into Austin.
The question is not how to build fireproof houses because then there is less vegetation and trees so again less nature. The question is why this happening and you can see this in the following video."The California fires wan't stop.Until we do this " Please look at this video and you will see what I mean.
I can’t even feel sorry about the property loss. Not at all. Like it happens every year and they still didn’t learn the lesson? Wood houses are just stupid. Simple is that.
Hold up, American houses are built with WOOD?!
What about the Australian building system?  Also, what about smoke damage?  What about concrete sand being limited?  Nice that you didn't blame the homeowners.  Most of the homes that burned were 60 to 120 years old built long before current housing standards.  People didn't have the money to rebuild for current standards.
Hello friends. In Chile, during a big wild fire in Viña del Mar where all also did gone, a comunity named VILLA BOTANIA saved their houses because... people organized a system with fences of concrete, all arround absolutelly cleaned of old and dry grass, nothing of wood or garbage next of any wall, and a  space arround the area absolutelly empty of anything.  When the big fire begun, they activated the control because also where trained as a comunity, knowing right many actions to do between themself.  At the end... no one house was lost even all arround has gone.  An example to follow and learn and a big big lesson.  Greetings from Chile. ❤
Thank god there is a brain working on solutions, instead of the old blame game reaction. Good work.
I have a suggestion, maybe you could use stone or brick to build homes in America instead of toothpicks and papier maché wich are flamable ?
You really have to rethink building with wood over there. If one ember would hit my house I would just look at it and thinking oh well 🤷‍♂️   It is like feeding the fire
Do Americans build with wood because its quicker to build. Ive never understood why .im in the uk and its very rare to build with wood
Behind Hanks home is that mansion what was sold for 83 million $ ? crazy
Horrific what is going on in LA, isnt possible  to build with bricks and cement? You see all the chinmeys still standing... is time to build with bricls and cement. I know is more expensive over there but the structure would have survived... be strong
Some of the plants and trees were highly flammable
In the UK we’ve never had much wood, hence we built in Brick through the centries.
So the answer is build houses out of stuff that doesn't burn like brick not wood. Its a horrid situation over there but maddening from the UK when its, hang on you KNOW you have wildfires and you build out of wood. Then try to protect the wood from burning???? cant you effectively build from brick etc?
Thank you for teaching us about these sources.
Build it with stainless steel
Common to have 🔥 wall have space between u and outside
Go to Tom Hanks house, cul de sac, metal medium gate, raised camera cellphone to film what's on other side .... voice yells, "PUT DOWN YOUR PHONE!!!" from inside property....  "Was it him?" I ask myself as I bail in my car quickly ..
I live in Brazil and almost all homes are built with concrete or bricks. More durable and less maintenance required.
Here is New Zealand's Wildfire safer Housing research from lessons learned here from wildfires. Link below                               https://www.fireandemergency.nz/assets/Documents/Farms-rural-properties/FENZ-1427-Wildfire-Safer-Housing-Guide-FA_7.pdf
I understand why there are such varied styles of building in different parts of the world, but living in Europe it seems a lot of buildings in the US are very cheaply built. Those flimsy tar paper roof tiles for instance. Is there not a single clay deposit anywhere in the US suitable for bricks and roof tiles? I've watched a few US house building videos with a British house builder who spent a lot of time wincing and shaking his head. He saved his worst condemnation for electrical wiring, sockets and plugs. To quote him... "They can put men on the moon but they can't sort out safe household wiring."
Well I guess hindsight is 20/20 on this topic. Why donate your replacement equipment to a the Ukraine war? Oh it’s surplus, No it’s not surplus when you actually need it. It bad management maybe voting democrat. Surplus is when you have the defense strategic oil reserve full for the first time in sixty years, and you sell your extra oil for export, that’s a surplus. Don’t touch the stove it’s hot! Do you just test the theory to see if your mother is telling the truth?
In California the very wealthy have private firefighters.
poor people from all over the world are looking at these houses and thinking to themselves why are these americans building mansions made out of sticks?
I have to say that if you build with wood you are asking for issues no matter what you do. Not only that you have everything with void areas below ground and I always find it obvious when the only thing standing are the chimney areas where the only thing that is safe is that. When you see fires in homes in the UK the fire is largely going to stay in that one building. Even if it is a terraced group of properties it can be dealt with as an individual fire as the spread is maintained. Once you have produced dozens of buildings all the same construction you are just going to allow it to spread. Voids below and above the floor areas where anything can get in is just stupid if you have 100mph wind and embers.
Wood burns. Don’t build wood houses.
I live near the Superior National Forest, we have had some big fires, but, no loss of life, however quite a bit of damage to property. We have a county wide FIRE WISE program that helps landowners mitigate the dangers of fire. One program that was funded in part by the Federal Government, helped homeowners install metal roofs, and, sprinkler systems. I had friends whose house survived while the ones on either side of their property burned. They had a sprinkler system, metal roofs, and, had cleaned up brush and debris and other flamable things from around their home and garage.
You say the aluminum windows would survive. So why did the aluminum tire rims melt? 🤔Hmmm???
I live in Spain. Homes and flats are built to last. Usually if there is an apartment fire only the contents of the affected apartment burn. The other apartments receive smoke damage and that is it. Many Spanish homes are built to last centuries and passed on from one generation to another. People from the U.S. go for fast and showy. Homes are built within a couple of months whereas here it may take a year or more. Americans use wood and other flammable materials because it is cheaper and faster. The results are fuel for the fire.
Not a cat5 if you’re a pathetic red state politician like Tuberville. Like Tuberville knows anything about wildfires? What an ass. Not another dime for red states if we don’t help CA.
What it would impress me is how many animal lovers abandoned their pets to die.?  Bricks all around walls and tile roof might help to safe homes, which i been trying to do but permit with the city stops me, cause behind comes property tax increases, not too rich to let others just to take my hard earned money
Recycled decks from plastic slow burning compared to wood.
Also ..cut 1-2 foot Concrete water channels...and run water through it, 5-10 f00t away from immediate home walls plus no wood on the exterior..and use passive cooling with clever...inner openings to avoid burning debris coming in.
God's prayers are heard in heaven. All things are possible in Christ. I am sad for the millions of animals that lost their life.
all man made...shame on them. I pray all victims of this crime get full restoration of their losses.
The house (7:50>), it is worth noting that the adjacent trees have not burned- why?  i suspect that there were extenuating circumstances that have not been revealed.  In UK we have Regulations about Unprotected Areas that define how much unprotected area is allowed depending on the distance from the boundary to limit flash over.  With the number of windows in the side wall I would suspect that the house shown would not pass UK Regs.  Also, metal roofs are not in themselves fire resistant.  The fact that the car is all metal didn't save it, its what you do behind the metal that is important.  Fireproof glazing can be had with Pyran glass that is laminated and has a fireproof core that holds the glass intact but like most glass its not good at preventing radiant heat igniting the other side of the glass.  Normally, the frame for Pyran would be timber or occasionally steel but not aluminium as that melts at relatively low temperatures.   Many UK building fire regs have their origins in the Great Fire of London 1666 when closely packed timber buildings burnt uncontrollably.  The rebuilding saw a great deal more emphasis placed on fire protection such that by 1940's when British cities were rained on with high explosives and incendiaries there was no widespread fire propagation.  Contrast that with Dresden when the whole city centre was burnt to the ground because they had retained their wooden buildings.
Hurricane areas and wild fire area should be masonry exteriors.
Ah surly It had nothing to do with private firefighters... Gobble gobble masses, gobble gobble.
Houses constructed of wood, asphalt shingles being one of the most popular choices for roofs. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that's not good enough for a bush fire region.
I am from Portugal, where climate change created an environment prone to fires. We grew up with fires so we are used to them  I think you can not blame the American's building and materials for these houses burned down. When fire strikes with gusts winds there are no way you can build affordable houses to sustain the hot temperatures during the fire. It is so hot that smelts aluminum.  Probably they need to cut trees and eliminate other biomass to avoid this kind of fires in the future. Otherwise the construction becomes too expensive for normal people with regular wages able to buy.  It is sad but we can only lament the tragedy  Condolences to the families affected and the US
God is shield for everything. That house is a Christian family,
US building standards shit as fuck.....only EU style survive 😂
Excellent video! When I saw your thumbnail, I recognized that house from watching the news and was very curious as to why it survived. Visually I could tell it was pretty sealed off, but that’s all I could deduce from the photo. So I thank you for the detailed breakdown.  Some of my family experienced the Thomas fire in 2017. It was another wind fueled fire in Ventura, Ca powered by very strong winds that were estimated to be 60 to 70 mph. Fire started out in Santa Paula and went west due to the Santa Ana winds. It burned down a number of homes near my families home. We were fortunate as it didn’t reach. However, one of the things that was discovered after that fire is that those homes were built in the 70s and they have four holes drilled into the eaves all over for attic ventilation that are completely open but covered with quarter inch chicken wire to prevent embers from getting in the attic. However, what was discovered was a number of the homes caught fire because the embers would get in those eaves through the holes and light the attic on easily on fire due to dust, dry wood and other things people store in attics. Once the attic was on fire the home was a complete loss. As it’s almost impossible for the fireman to fight the fire because the roof is still intact. The wire mesh you showed is perfect to cover those holes as we have since done something similar at my family‘s house.
No more charcoal outdoor grilling for me.
They need to ban highly flammable Bitumin roof tiles.
I don't live in US or any dry area...I live in area surrounded by rivers and trees.....but What is can see that you guys are surrounded by sea...than why not cut channels for sea water to flow in between cities..so that there's is less chance for fire t ospread...and also every home should be made like a complete ...unit to protect from fire and extreme wind....like collect...rain water and surrounded the home with water channels...and use outer material with less wood and more stones..so that ..fire don't catch hold of it..I don't get it...area is surrounded by water body but still...catching fire in the middle of moist trees....ver ystrange and weird. ~God bless All~ ~Regards and Namaste~
Main take away is that never mess with God. Come unto Him and yoi will be forgiven. 1. Repent 2. Believe 3. Accept Jesus Christ Your Personal Saviour
After Hurricane Andrew in 1992 revealed how poorly built houses were in Florida building codes were drastically improved and hurricanes now destroy far fewer homes. The same thing MUST happen after this fire. New homes MUST be built out of non-flammable materials with metal or stone or ceramic roofs.
Considering where a great many of these properties are sited :  in the forested hills ? !  Steel and stone are just not practical  ( or cheap )  A fact not well known is that wood actually takes a while to burn I mean just look at the rows and rows of  incinerated former dwellings and the contrasting surviving random solitary trees in close proximity   . . .  also the heat was so intense it even partially melted cars !  This was a perfect firestorm of intense heat and powerful unrelenting winds and no amount of preparation could have combatted it completely  I do agree the complacency and incompetence did not help matters !  Americans have and most likely always will,  mass-build with wood : it's simply not feasible to do otherwise
THIS TREE SHOULD BE BANNED IN CALIFORNIA. A eucalyptus tree can become sticky when burned because of its naturally high sap content, which releases a sticky resinous substance when the wood is heated during combustion; this is especially noticeable when burning eucalyptus leaves or small branches, making the flames and surrounding area potentially sticky. A burning ember from this tree can stick to the outside structure of buildings.  The eucalyptus sap is considered sticky and flammable due to its high content of volatile oils, making eucalyptus trees highly combustible; when heated, the sap releases flammable vapors that can easily ignite, contributing to the rapid spread of wildfires.
One main thing i see about Tom's house is the trees and everything is green and was not affected by fire
The G Chassen house looks to me to be concrete front pored in a wood form to make the surface texture. The front doors which you call windows look to be commercial steel doors which would make seance since by default they would come with tempered glass.
I live 30 miles east of Altadena. My house was getting hit with 70 MPH winds. My double wooden doors couldn’t hold back the winds. I had to screw a 2X4 across the doors to hold back the winds. If a spark started in the hills where were are, our town would have had problems. I am learning from this fire. I will be using lava rock for ground cover instead of wood chips as one strategy. I may cut down my cypress trees which are close to the house.
60 min is famous for being UNRELIABLE, btw
One of the houses that survived the Lahaina fire had a metal roof retrofitted & the owner removed all plantings around the perimeter with rock mulch. Funny enough the owner was more worried about termites than fire.
Same attack that has been done in the Hawaii fires
Why not adopt sane forestry and water resource management policies?   Is it true hydrants were not producing water?
As a Brazilian that sees in my Country all houses made  with bricks and cement even the poor ones, it strikes me how a rich country makes rich houses as a box of matches, mainly in areas of forests that already burn in the past. We have few fire stations compared to the US, and firemen are almost never occupied in killing fires!
In America, it always seemed wrong to me that houses, especially in forests or flammable bushes, were built using wood. It seems to me that LA has experienced the inevitable. A simple sprinkler system can be installed to prevent ember attack, covering the garden, walls and roof. You stock the water in a large reservoir underground at one end of the garden and in case of fire, the water is transferred to the sprinklers by a battery-powered water pump. The sprinklers also work in short intervals, wetting the building and acting as a shield against incoming embers. Although it sounds a bit ridiculous, it can save your house when the fire department is useless. Since the amount of water the sprinkler will use is small, it can save you for a while at least.
These fires were a man made attack.  The water reservoirs and fire hydrants were dry : that was also planned !
Très intéressant, merci. Je suis sur Lyon en France et pour le moment le feu n'est pas un risque imminent. Cependant j'ai une maison en bois plein (KLH) avec bardage et laine de bois en extérieur et ce risque fait partie de mes interrogations. Je n'avais pas pensé au risque des terrasses en bois et balcon en bois qui en plus contiennent des toiles goudronnées. Ma réflexion va s'orienter différemment grâce à votre vidéo et si je peux aider autour de moi ce ne sera que plus utile. Toutes mes pensées à ces milliers de sinistrés, riches ou pauvres qui ont perdu souvent ce que l'argent n'achète pas: le témoignage de toute leur vie et le fruit d'années de travail. Que la solidarité spontanée les aide en organisant un autre mode de vie plus soucieux de leurs voisins proches ou non et que les USA si prompts à larguer le feu par des bombes investissent plutôt sur l'eau symbole de vie.
The nature of a wild fire with devil winds are by nature unpredictable.
He goes conspiracies theories it’s only by the grace of God that some houses are still standing. No more no less so let’s stop this nonsense about buildings and structure and engineering  everything  except for one or two houses. Why because God did not will it basic, and who knows what will happen in the next coming days people, let’s believe in one God and ask for his protection, Otherwise, we are doomed, and the reality of it is death is inevitable
Doesn't matter what you build with if you're up against extreme directed energy.
How about this, built the outside walls and ceilings exclusively out of concrete. Put clay tiles on the roofs. I doubt any houses will burn when constructed this way.
I'm from Australia and the fire standards have improved immensely over the last few decades. I would love to see the US work closer with Australia so the US can move in positive direction. Our bush fires here are extremely dangerous with our forests being full of Gumtrees. They're full of alcohol and the mountains literally explode.
Wood ignites at between 200 and 250 degrees C. It should not be too difficult to save a wood framed house if the exterior measures are adequate.
Our Santa Ana winds come from the east, toward the ocean.
You exemplified exactly why this continues to happen......"We're Murica we've been making houses out of wood for Centuries" . This American Exceptionalism is deadly. Start building your houses out of Brick and Concrete.... problem solved .
In the Test - the one with wood fence could have been painted with FIRECOAT 4L Grey Exterior Fire-Retardant Undercoat it will repel the fire. I use this on my fences and shed in Outback Australia
FIRE PROOF   TOM HANKS HOME WAS.  HE INVESTED IN THAT
Saddened by the loss of property & lives, our condolences for those that lost loved ones. Amazing that the US building regs still allow wooden houses, in most 3rd world countries in Africa the building regs only allow brick/cement block & mortar houses, and for a grass roof you need to get special permission from the counsel. Maybe it is time for the US to catch up to the "modern" world
¿Por qué incendian las plantas???
most of the house that burnt down are made out of wood, what do you expect
Plant a few palm trees with some overhang and a few shrubs and the outcome would have been a much different story. Many homes were destroyed due to palm trees and shrubs.
After the Great Fire of London, all buildings had to be rebuilt from non-flammable materials with decent fire breaks between. In the same way we now mandate 'earthquake proof' construction in affected locations, perhaps it is time to do the same in fire risk areas?
Build rammed earth house - completely fire proof
I wonder what it will take for Americans to adopt some of the European standards of house building. Your homes get regularly blown into pieces by tornadoes or burned down yet you still rebuild them in a way we build our small vacation cabins. Obviously not all European houses are fire resistant, but a lot of this “wonder house” that’s been shown everywhere now, are just standard solutions. People are dying in houses with walls you can punch a hole in with your bare hands. For your safety you should have strict rules for structures located in places that are endangered by natural disasters. It’s painful to watch this LA fire horror. Hopefully people get all the help they need.
Excuse me, but what about to change planing future whole  urbanisation there differently ?    Like  building  fire ponds directly  between houses. Install sprinklers  and  underground water tank on property.  Make some fire supression barriers in nearby chaparral forests.   Improve rainwater catchment in cities  and  If rainwater is not enough then start to build desalination plants.   And last but not least reduce too tight  urban density.  Etc, etc.
You keep saying "I don't know for sure" when actually you should be saying "I don't know at all."
Main lessons to learn from this: 1. Be very rich. 2. Be very lucky.
What bout adobo?
There is old British fairy tail Three Little Pigs.  Just built from clay brick .  Industry of frame houses was invented at times of MacDonald's by banks. Because frame house's lifespan is about 30 years. Time average person can work.
I am tired of hearing about the celebs and their homes.  Put all those people together they could rebuild the country. It's the citizens that went to movies that put them on the map.  GIVE BACK My heart remains with the average citizen from Lahaina, NC, TN...the Appalachia region. AND ITS WINTER THEY ARE IN TENTS.     Lahaina NEVER got this kind of press.
' We ALL l know and LOVE this actor '   Really !  the WHOLE world loves Tom Hanks 😮  Can I see thd polls on that 🤔
Even a brick  house  has a wooden roof that will catch fire
After the Great Fire of London (1666) a law made it illegal to build wooden houses in London. Brick, stone and concrete has protected London for nearly 400 years. Go to the Mediterranean climates of Greece and Rome and you will see stone, brick and concrete buildings that have stood for thousands of years.
Not constructing the house out of fluff and pure fatwood...?  How about we construct the houses out of ice instead? You don't see any burnt down igloos ever...
CA can learn from this by instituting building code fire proofing to survive like they require for earthquake proofing as Japan has.   They could have all homes built from cement or cement board, rock wool for insulation, no open eaves for the roof, steel roofs, metal gutters, double vent screen filters, distance trees and shrubbery from the house.   OH and there is NO reason for any home to have a real fireplace.   I had my windows open 360 days a year in the front and back of my home.   I'm sure there is much more that can be done and it won't protect you from everything but since they are starting from scratch, now is the time.    I'm sure there is some foam that could be sprayed on a house that could help as well.   I'm lucky to have left CA right before the fires but I know several people that suffered complete losses.   The state could get insurance companies to return if 1 they remove the inane regulations that people with higher risks and lower risks pay the same amount and if homes are designed to survive earthquakes and fires.   Lastly - obviously they need to put the dams back and go back to forrestry management - the "leadership" in CA is a joke that makes no one laugh.  Oh and they might want to hire firepeople that can carry heavy hoses.
Why are American homes built out of wood? Cheap and quick I quess, bricks would help also concrete tiles on roof too. Just a thought
We really do need to change the building codes to lower the burnability of the homes we build all over America.    They need to increase the survivability of homes in Florida by making shutters mandatory!  And to make homes in California, Oregon and Washington earthquake survivable!  So plan on having the home survive a 7.0 earthquake.  Have the homes in hurricane areas survive a 120 MPH wind event.  Have every home in America survive a local fire, and not catch the homes next door on fire.   Back in 1978, there was a fire in Anaheim California that lit about 1/4 mile square area on fire, burning most of the homes to the ground.  I had heard that palm trees contributed to the fire, as well as the popular wood shingle roof at the time.  Burning mice would go from one palm tree to another one!  And then light the next palm tree on fire, and that will quickly spread to the wood roofs.    When my condo association needed to replace roofs in 1993, I suggested they put on asphalt shingles, instead of the wood singles that the builder installed in 1971.  I got some resistance, but we did make the decision to replace every roof with asphalt roofing.
Good lessons to keep in mind when rebuilding.
It’s rather remarkable that it an area which is know to have huge wildfires that little to no fire protection is factored into the building.  Obviously this is a tragedy that no one decent wanted to see but I have to ask, really what did you expect to happen?
Don’t tell me I love tom hanks.
If you build beside a reservoir that is ,in theory , a good location ( IF its kept full) .  It is worth having a pool , first for safety ( and pleasure )
Hello expatriated from 15 yrs in France. Originally from TX and my mom is in LA.  Anyway, in France , we build exclusively in brick or cinder blocks and houses still burn…
Go and look at some australian fire storms and ember storms.
To think the 80s space shuttle is capable of 1000s of degree's on reentry. Yet asphalt roof tiles still exist
Okay.. I just watched a news segment from CNN 6 hours ago that said the death toll was 25.   So. Either they are wrong & it's 75 like you said or. Someone is lying..
Really interesting.  Going to share with my son who is looking to study architecture
We all so have fire retardent conifers and firs...
Believing in science is misleading, if you like use rocks as your home fire will still burn it down to ash bcos it's from the Creator of the universe who created the scientists from nothing, read Quran how the earth came into existence and how it will end
Might want to actually doublecheck the Tom Hanks residence and the fire-path on the firemap... looks like TH was just on the razon thin edge of losing his home.
The moment you mentioned that you didn't know what a 1-hour rated firewall is, it was surprising. As a European civil engineer, different types of firewalls and fire requirements are among the most important and closely scrutinized aspects. For example, in general, we cannot build flammable structures near other buildings. They must be at least 10 meters apart. If you want them to be closer, they need to be fireproof or separated by a concrete/brick fireproof wall that extends higher than the roofline.
Interested to know if the white structure behind the burned out house was intact?  Sure looks like it.   Were fire units luckily close by and able to dump a heap of water between the houses?   Was the left side of the standing buildings wall charred?
reinforced concrete buildings needed over wooden ones...i guess it is about maximising profit/efficiency over being fireproof .... look at the parts of the structure that withstood the fire in these burnt out shells... reducing combustible surfaces/materials seem like common sense approach ... what were the builders thinking? didn't they know these were high risk zones?? Kinda crazy just thinking about the regulatory hurdles one has to jump over in Cali...
1% of Gaza.  No sympathy until free Palestine.
We've been building with wood for a very long time isn't a good reason why you're still building with wood. Because the rest of the world has also been building houses using wood for longer than your country has been a country but the rest of the world has been able to move on.
It says this aired 10 hours ago... You said the death toll was at 75. Every news channel I have watched back to 5 hours ago said 24.  We're did you hear 75
Dood you can talk till you're blue in the face. The common denominator in all the homes that survived is that they had the brush cut back. Live in a desert environment and let the brush and trees cover your home? Watch the news with all the people giving there brush one more round of water before they lose everything. With a garden hose? Sorry I've lived in the northeast and the southeast. We get dry to and i have cleaned much brush as far back as I can wherever I locate. Do they grow trees and brush like this in phoenix and Vegas also?
11:37 Since this architecture took all these precautions to protect their home from fires from outside, I’m curious if the precaution was the same inside- if they had installed a sprinkler system tied to fire alarms throughout the insides of the property.   Unfortunatley the home looks boring af, but do you want to pay a ton for a boring looking house that is safe or a nice looking home to enjoy for decades that will not withstand a fire like this?! After a fire, everyone will most likely say a boring home that is safe in a fire. Personally I don’t know if I could stand to live in such a depressing way for years on end.
Well done to have a constructive discourse 👏
That isbt a wood.Only Americans architects are so ignorant and dumb so they dont know about architectural panels made to kimick a wood! Gross! No ody newer shall hogher  local '" educated" none Professionals! Only european or midle eastern e sn african are better!!
The building may have survived but is the home still habitable? The smoke would have destroyed everything too.
To effectively fight the fires, we must go on the offensive. We need a thousand more fire trucks and stations in the forests. To put the fires out before they get big and near to built up areas.   For fighting emergency situations that threaten whole town’s and cities, they need to dig canals to the sea and flood all the storm drain canals. Then the fire engines can refill their water tanks quickly.  Also there needs to be sand stores nearby. Wet sand will extinguish and suppress fires 5 times better than water alone.   Also planes and chinooks can drop wet sand onto fires.   All the tools are ready and waiting to be used, it’s the incompetence of government that caused the fires to get out of control.
They can easily have ships and machines that shoot water high up, to create a mist that will suppress fires and dampen towns and cities airspace.
I'm from germany. In my world it is unbelievable that houses out of wood are even a possibility in california.   We don't have a lot of wooden houses and we are not confronted with bushfires or hurricanes at all. I desperately hope people of L.A. can recover and take this tragedy to make the buildings much safer.
A story much like in Hawaii.  What is wrong here.
bs 2 houses survived the owners.  stayed behind to garden hose.
Let me GUESS, before I even watch the video... They have BLUE ROOFS!
Having lived in Southern California for 30 years I can tell you from experience that both fire and winds travel uphill very quickly but once they crest that hill they produce a very strong wind that moves downhill with enough force flip a semitruck
Matt - There are a few videos out about some other people in the la fire scar area that also survived. They have the common characteristic of sprinkling their homes in the midst of the firestorm. One did it passively by setting up oscillating sprinklers on his roof and turning them on just before he left. The other had a gas powered pump attached to their pool with outlet hoses that the son father and grandfather took around the property to spray any embers that came near their house or their neighbors.   It reminded me of a standard in the building code for some buildings in CA requiring sprinkler systems inside the new buildings. Maybe there’s a need for external fire sprinkler systems. That was a third example of a family that paid to have one installed (?$20,000? $2/sf?).
Hello America from Australia,  My sincere heart felt condenses for all the people whom have lost their homes.  I live in a bush fire zone in the beautiful Blue Mountains 70 kilometres west of Sydney. I have a 4000 litre water tank and am looking at installing another one on the other side of my home.  I have a 5kva generator for the water pump, as the power poles are usually burn down during a fire.  During September ( a couple of months before our summer ) the council provides extra green bin collection services, and together with the RFS ( Rural Fire Service ) encourage everyone to clean up their property of leaf litter/dried dead vegetation. The RFS also has an annual community information day at one of their local fire stations, educating everyone on how to best prepare their properties.
To effectively fight the fires, we must go on the offensive. We need a thousand more fire trucks and stations in the forests. To put the fires out before they get big and near to built up areas.   For fighting emergency situations that threaten whole town’s and cities, they need to dig canals to the sea and flood all the storm drain canals. Then the fire engines can refill their water tanks quickly.  Also there needs to be sand stores nearby. Wet sand will extinguish and suppress fires 5 times better than water alone.   Also planes and chinooks can drop wet sand onto fires.   All the tools are ready and waiting to be used, it’s the incompetence of government that caused the fires to get out of control.
Because they are not build by wood...
@11.24mins - I think those are steel framed windows and doors given how thin the framing is.
Great info
Did this house have a smart meter? Plastic trash cans don't catch fire, they melt. Blue recycle bins and blue anything do not burn or melt in DEW fires, due to the color frequency. Check out Lahaina and Paradise fires.  Wildfires dont burn so hot as to melt metal on a car. Do some research on DEWs.
Hardyboard makes a deck material that is really attractive. It holds up to weather and is fire resistant. I live on the FL coast, so we have hurricanes regularly, and in years of drought, extreme fire risk because of the shitty construction and lots of vegetation. I plan to leave FL before owning another house, but I will be relocating to a southern rural area. And if I can build a house, it will be both fire and storm resistant. This information has been good, thank you for it, and I've saved it.
It doesn’t really sit well with me when people rush in to tell how everything could have been avlided if people had just done a few things different. At 0-17 % containment of a wild fire, there is no dang fence or man built thing that could just magically save things.   Hank’s home was situated on a cliff not attached to the neighbors’ houses and then add the weather that no man made thing can change. Let alone something added to a private property!
LA is dry as heck why  grow monoculture forests aka energy/food for a fire right around the place add super strong winds and it was just a matter of time.
Biggest loser is the only house left ;) Construction area for coming 5 years, the smell, blowing ashes etc...
Just allow space and use Concrete with metal. Don't use wood.
Another LA architect designing fire-resistant homes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CceM_JljwqQ
I have never seen crap hit the fan 🤔
M9st houses in uk are brick built, cept newer builds which are internal stud external leaf brick. Although wood is quicker to build with longevity is what 30...40 years mines 1870 traditional its solid...... if its hot build with brick or connie.
After my home burned completely in Malibu, I built a new home. No wood on the outside, only stucco, no wood eaves (roof overhang) and metal frame windows and doors, except for a few wood doors. Roof was flat and installed hose bibs up there. In theory, I could flood the roof if needed be but if no-one is home when the fire comes through...oh well. Also planted citrus trees because they don't burn easily. In this day and age, would be better to have sensors for automatic control to turn the water on All the talk about using swimming pool water and fighting the fire with a hose is great but what if you're not home?
What I learned from watching embers bouncing off from the road to neighbouring homes is that if those roads were wet , it could helped it putting out those bouncing embers .  Swimming pool home owners need to have a gas powered water pump on standby with multiple hoses . If a line of homes does this , loss of homes can be leseened if everyone worked together .  Even a few 5 gallon bucket can help put out small fires quickly .
I'm a landscape architect living in the Mediterranean part of Europe (specifically Catalonia ). We have 14 out of 14 wildfire factors , while California has 3 out of 14 factors (please search for Marc Castellnou , who is a renowned specialist in wildfire prevention and has worked worldwide on this subject, including California). The point is that beyond architecture, landscape management is key in this matter. They must use this opportunity to reintroduce native plants that have been displaced by invasive ones like eucalyptus. I've counted many in the videos of burning houses surrounded by rapidly spreading embers, not to mention all the undergrowth and shrubs , as well as trees that are highly combustible. Landscape restoration and water management must be top priorities, along with informing and helping economically in the rebuilding of safer infrastructures .
NOTHING combustable can be anywhere near the house, the underhouse must be sealed and no roof gaps at all.
Can you please explain whythehell alll the trees are still green and standing???
Did Tom have a smart meter on his house?
In 1666 in the UK, The Great fire of London, burnt down a large part of the city. A lot of houses were built of wood. That will never happen again because we learned that wood is not a great material to build with as it burns. Now we build with brick cement and stone, which does NOT burn. If a house catches fir now, the fire brigade uses water and puts out the fire, the houses around it are rarely damaged and most times, the burnt house is repaired. Does that give America a clue as to WHY their houses get destroyed?
Even other trees are not burnt
In Europe we have been building houses out of concrete and brick for thousands of years and they do not burn as easily and do not spread for hundreds of kilometres. Another issue is that in Spain we are used to fires because the climate in California is very similar to that of the Spanish Mediterranean coast. We have very strict laws when it comes to making fires and farmers cannot burn stubble at certain times of the year. We also have to keep the forests clean and make firebreaks. This is how we have avoided many fires.
Looks like my parents house.
I don't understand why people build with wood in this area, you know its an area of fire danger, so why not build with concrete? too expensive? think about your life first.
Lunatics/ Mossad / Chabad
Blue roof.... project blue beam
What struck me as a German, is how little of the structure was left. Just the chimney and the rest was gone. In Germany single houses are for the most part built of bricks. The house can burn , but the structure itself will still be standing. Maybe the roof will crash, as it is supported by timber, but even then fire needs to get there first, as the shingles are made of clay.
Give God the Glory not the builder🙌🇿🇦
WATER TRENCH LIKE CASTLE
Stop building houses from stupid wood frames! In Europe, if 4 house burning down in a fire, all the news is screaming national catastrophe! The difference is fire regulations, and using stone, concrete and bricks! Not stupid 4 by 6 garbage
The People of East Palestine Maui and Carolinas did nothing to cause their damages but the people of California recently had an opportunity to RECALL and Replace Gavin Newsom by Lee Elder but refused Change and refused to turn from Democrat Stupidity and turn to Reasonable Rational Decision making  which would have filled Water Reservoirs and Not butchered the Fire Fighting Budgets or used DEI or LGBTQRS+ employees instead of Merit based Capable strong Men White or Colored to fight these Wild Fires Democrats made worse.
Explain the house behind still standing and looking good?
They build houses with materials that aren't fireproof, waterproof, windproof, earthquake proof. There is no need for wood houses anymore. With all the new technology, chemistry, and other things, there is no reason why we build homes so poorly.
As a retired Roofer one of the things that caught my eye on the first day of the fires was the black smoke when the house really caught afire, I'm assuming it was the asphalt shingles catching fire. I guess a lot of these houses were built before the Class A Fire rated shingles. Its only one small part of it but metal roofing seems to be far better for fire resistance, it is pretty much standard here in NZ, along with concrete/clay-terracotta tiles. Perhaps this is where the Building Code people step in and make it mandatory in the rebuild.
I have often wondered why houses in  areas where Hurricanes break out or wildfires break out are predominantly made of wood. Look at houses in the UK or Europe are they made of wood?
Damn.. that design was so good.
I thought he was going to talk about the color if the roofs
Don't tell me! They weren't made out of wood?
If you build with concrete you don’t need insurance. All wood frame will always need insurance because of electrical fire. Concrete is not going to burn from an electrical fire.  Cut out the insurance
I was mentioning this on my own social media - "ironic how Los Angeles builds theirs houses, how, we build their movie sets !"
I knew i recognized that burnt house above Tom's. Shame it was such a beautifully designed home.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFXJRLMdQxc
The black guy left a family member behind and now she is dead
Thank you so much for this video!  I live in Memphis, far away from the California fires, but am in the process of home improvements.  Valuable information!
Honestly, I don’t understand why all these homes aren’t built more “fireproof.” Just being in this area with the dry air and winds, it seems a no brainer to me.  And I’m not saying this to sound uncaring.  It’s like if you live in tornado alley, you have a storm shelter.  If you live in a tinder box, you have a fireproof home.  Really sad. 😢
60 Minutes failed to Expose the Democrat decisions that allowed this Wildfire to Blow out of control.
Thanks, Matt!  Great resources!!
If only your guy stopped the wooden framed and dry wall on wood studs for internal walls. Bricks and concrete is the way forward in these areas. Wishing you guys best of health and safety in your building, from UK(United Kingdom). Build solid !!
concrete is the solution! why would you build your house using fire fuel?
Melting car wheels is not a possible outcome for a normal fire situation, they are not tinfoil.  Normal melt conditions for alloy wheels and engine blocks or heads require a serious industrial furnace so please update your engineering skills before ever attempting another video like this on such a serious matter.  Moreover, if the surrounding air was reaching such temperatures for the period required to melt said metal then that house next door should have been toast too.  Get real.
Americans KNOW BUT THE LEADERS SUPRESS M SUBJUGATE THINGS IN VERY OPPOSITEE WROMG WAT- SO MUCGH FOR BRINGING SDOWN USA TO 3RD WEORLD STATUD BY SOCIALIST- COMMUNIST- ISLAMIC REGIMES, THATT IS WHY TRUMP WON, AT THE MOMENT DEMZ  POLITICIANS LOSE THEIR GRIP IN dEMZ N WILL CONTINUE TO IT HAS TURNED RED (REPUBLICANS )
Or it could be that Hanks is an insider hollywood shill and their homes never burn. Hollywood motto - Sell your soul to gain fame and fortune and never worry about the stuff regular folks go through.
Adam Corolla has a episode on the house that did not get burned and has more details
useless now cz already hppen.juz build with rock.after this..
Thank you! Many informative points here! Awesome  you shared a scripture near the end. God bless! 😃
It weren't the fires of hell. It were just the fires of last Tuesday.
Yeah turns out if you don't build your house out of dried leaves it won't burn down when a glow worm looks at it.
The biggest lesson should be if you're going to plant Australian self igniting eucalyptus you need to expect big fires . There is a reason why Australia is the undisputed home of the bushfire
In LA its not about fire protection its about knowing who God is, LA it’s not ordinary fires it’s the wrath of God. Who does that mocking God
Life is like a box of asbestos.......... You cant build a fire resistant house out of any kind of fuel!!
That is not melted aluminum coming from the cara, it's melted Lead coming from inside the car battery. As a kid we used to open up dead car batteries, removes the lead plates, melt them and pour it into shapes. We were pretty poor in Romania growing up.
I’ve sent this important video to several California friends who likely will benefit from all this  very important information.  Thank you from this former Californian.
Hebel Panel which is 50mm to 75mm thick is a great exterior vertical fitted panel that can be rendered to finish. Easy to cut for apertures. I think it was originally from Germany but is also now manufactured in Australia under license. We also use it in New Zealand and is fixed to a timber framed home.  Hebel systems have a Fire Resistance Level (FRL) of 60–240 minutes. This means they can withstand fire for 60–240 minutes. Hebel systems are also designed to meet or exceed the requirements for all six Bushfire Attack Level (BAL) categories.
This was my first time watching you- thank you for sharing that Bible verse and for your wisdom on this heavy topic.🙏🏻
Boring
Thank you for these great and plausible explanations. Based on the very rapid climate change and this example, I'm thinking about how we can protect ourselves. I live in Germany and follow everything terrible that has happened in the USA, especially California. I hope that everyone who has lost their house and probably won't receive anything from the insurance will have a lot of strength for the very difficult time that lies ahead of them in rebuilding it. I would like to say a special thank you to the many emergency services whose performance pushes them to their personal limits and risks their lives. And I'm particularly sad that everything was predictable, especially in this area, or that it could end in total catastrophe at some point. So here we are. Good luck to everybody may god bless you and your familys 🍀🍀🙏🙏
Tin roofs are great if there's a fire outside, but not if there's a fire inside
Too many viewers are sticking to the fact that houses are build mainly from wood in the US, but even concrete can be destroyed by excessive heat exposure, it just might stay upright after the fact. Its imperative if you are building in or near woods to employ fire resistant matterial, from fireresistant paint to shutters and shades, to exterior sprinklers with a tank. And ofcourse like the arch in the video, planning for the worse.
A Category 5 hurricane has sustained winds of at least 157 mph.
engineering
If you love Pedophile Tom Hanks, fine. But don't speak for everyone! 👎
The soffit and ridge vent has to be a major contributor to these fires with thr extremely hot air raging and the draft being increased at the ridge causing a suction at the soffit is probably why every single house burnt down I say we sue the roofing manufacturers that forced us to vent these houses. Also on a side note as usual government overreach is the problem the government told everybody to leave and that it was mandatory when the government should not have told them that and all capable men should have stayed behind. It's no different than War you send your men to war
This is really great preventative info...Although I am a real Brick n Motar kind of person in terms of building. Rich people should use Bricks because they can and need to do so in those areas..
Tom Hank's flat roof would have been also ideal to put a water storage even 12" thick on top..so that a house has its own water supply always above the house to wet walls and rooves. The fireballs often take just 30 minutes as they sweep through in high winds..and winds the fire creates additionally.  Australia has gum trees/ eucalyptus and others that exist with fire breaking open seeds. Gum trees are not advisable near homes..as the oil in the leaves becomes volatile..and flames can jump for 100s of metres or further.
This guy Dougherty bag. Don't listen
The Lahaina fires were 2 Augusts ago. And yes, we know we live in America. No need to remind us.
1666.
Amen!
I'm glad to learn about ways to prevent a house from burning down.  After Texas had the great freeze, several years ago did, they make any changes to the building code? Personally, I think the south should do the insulation & plumbing of about 1000 miles north of where they are if it is more stringent.
Why not build homes like navy ships - with water tight hatches and doors …?….and in tornado areas build them in a half moon shape to prevent wind blowing them away.
Some lasers do not destroy blue and white!
In Australia we have had specific building regulations for construction in a fire prone region, based on the level of risk. We built a house 20yrs ago that backed on to a bush land reserve, we had to have metal screens, special glass in the windows, fire retardant paint on the exterior, sheet metal (Colorbond) roofing, minimum sized water tank on site with a fire hose fitting, and steel house frame….there were probably other things I can’t remember, but it was all to help mitigate the risk of losing the home to fire caused by ember-strike.  It blows my mind that houses in LA are not subject to the same kind of standards, when wildfires are an annual occurrence, as they are here in many regions of Australia. Perhaps things will change in the near future as whole communities will now need to rebuild. I would imagine some of these things may even be useful in earthquake zones as well ??
South Australian here, in firestorms such as these, which are just about indefensible,  you need metal shutters, gutter guards to hinder ember ingress, water in gutters , metal roof, pebble dash or non flammable render on walls ,metal windows , water tanks , sprinkler systems to wet the building , generator to power water pumps  and about 20 feet without sizable vegetation near the home.Or you can build into a hillside ( not facing in the direction of prevailing winds )  and just have one wall open to the elements and then , use heavy duty shutters to cover the windows. None of this comes cheap but the movie stars could easily have built to this standard.   Bushfires are weird, one house can be totally burnt out and one next door can survive and there seems no reason why, but a major issue is embers penetrating into the roof space.  Tom Hanks house has vegetation very near the house, if any of that vegetation had gone up, its unlikely it would have survived, he had no shutters to prevent ingress through the windows .
Million dollar houses burned down like paper??? You guys are being scammed by your builders man.
Yes..melting point of aluminium is 660C or 1220 F .  High winds would act as smelter and "bellows"
Stop building next to each other.Make a perimeter and stone walls around.We have in eastern Europe fires.Forests disappear but churches and housex with stone fences never burn.
In first stop building wood houses !! Only the fireplaces are staying but buit in stone !!! And electric network with wood stakes. Remember Paradise fire in 2018.
Rory Sykes, being blind and incapacited, would have heard and felt this inferno approaching NO doubt in total fear and agony despite what his "mother" says.  Why would a Mother, knowing the Armageddon was  approaching Not plan to get help to  move this poor, desperate soul   way  before there was ANY risk.  None of what she said makes sense. I pray this attention seeker is investigated thoroughly Sincere best wishes to our American brothers and sisters from Australia 🇦🇺
Well, you said it at the beginning of the video, "We build with wood and we always have" and that is the root problem. If these houses would have been build with stone, concrete and rolling shutters made from aluminium, this would not have happened. Even in Florida they changed the laws that houses need to be made from stone for the first floor of the house. It is the best solution out there. All other solutions are a nice add on but do not fix the root issue.
Just use concrete and bricks next time guys, it’s stronger against earthquakes and 100% fire proof, maybe a bit less pretty than wooden panels but much better than ashes… god bless LA
I feel silly saying this, but Australia seems to be ahead of you here, BAL levels, construction must build to "Bushfire attack level". Homes must be built to BAL set to the area.
😢I know nothing about building but as an Australian, have been brought up never to plant trees close to the house due to bushfires
Will that wildfire defense mesh keep critters out? Or can citters chew through it?
Excellent
Everything in the west coast is a disaster zone; droughts, fires, earthquakes, black ppl robbing everything, lists goes on. Why on earth would anyone live there?
I live on a fire and typhoon place in Asia and we build a home, a house made of Metal 1x2x13 meters long as a frame foundation and combination of re bars welded up to the metal to hold the hollow block's with cement as a wall and cement flooring with lot's of rebars on the second floor, we fire proof them with Pink panther fiber glass insulation for heat and fire insulations resistant on the roof, We customized them with plenty of solar panels for lights at night and modify the roof with a flexiglass to let the sunshine to light the inside of the house on day time, i used to live in California over Vallejo and we rebuild our home just like Asian style with same insurance policy payments
EverLog concrete siding could be an option.
Just build entire house out of stainless steel. Problem solved
5:15
Eucalyptus trees are fast growing & popular with residents for privacy, yet highly flammable. Many homeowners homes were surrounded by eucalyptus. 🥸
The power lines should be under ground!
As an Aussie who lives in Melbourne Australia,  Most of our modern family homes are made with Timber frames, Brick outer structure, Either Concrete Tiles or Colombo's steel roofing, Cement Sheeting eaves. I notice that most of the debris after the fires there is NO BRICKS, ROOF TILES or Steel roofs...What are the modern houses,not mansions  made of in the states. Cheers John
Tom Hanks moved to Greece a few years ago.
Great information for everyone!!  👏👏👏👏
I can't understand why people build wooden houses in a region with frequent forest fires.
Japan is using wooden made for houses.
GaZa+
Oh you forgot about the black family in Pasadena it's not about the structure its GOD he's trying to show All you something and even the elderly couple their house was save & they both are in their 80s
It's like the "three little pigs" but first and second one discuss how to make stronger straw and wooden homes instead of running to the third pig.
9:00 Melted metal like in Lahaina… How much heat does it take to melt that metal? Ahh, you answered it… 1200°F.
Yes the codes need upgrading big time.
A blow torch has no effect on stucco and brick
with enough fire resistant houses you get herd immunity.
Those houses are too close together. They need space between them. It should be illegal to be so close to be able to smell your neighbors farts.
Concrete block construction stucco siding and a metal roof. Am I the only one that read the three little pigs. No Wood. No gutters. Wood is for furniture and a fire place
Excellent video
I saw a tiny house on a YT channel. It was based in Australia. Some really cool ideas he had. He also had shutters on windows and doors, fireproof paint.
I live in NSW Australia. When I was in vict I asked my sister why did everyone have ton roofs. If there is a fire sparks cant get underneath the tin roof. I have a tile roof and yes sparks can get underneath
Americans build and over pay for homes that are not built to last and not built to withstand the natural disasters native to the respective areas they are built in. A change is needed to build homes that will last and with materials and designs that can withstand natural disasters native to where they are being built in.
Making your house blue will save it!
I’ve never understood why in the you use Wooden Shingles, Asphalt Shingles on your roofs, in New Zealand we used to use a lot of concrete tiles for roofing but now most new houses use corrugated steel. Also cleaning up undergrowth in the bush and doing burnouts to control combustion or materials close to buildings is very important. All the best with some new standards coming out with the rebuild, hopefully fingers crossed
On the east coast and the west who've been affected by natural disaster's, we need to help our fellow Americans rebuild! 🇺🇲
in every situation Jesus is Lord. everyone see God power, God almighty!! so this God our God by Jesus accept all people! so to follow Jesus decide now!!! God forgive our sin.
That's Tom Hanks house and in back is Steven Spielberg
I'm an architect looking and hoping you're going to talk about climate change and co2 ...
Earth brick houses, metal frames and a metal arch roof with soil on top
Yeah, but I had an all concrete and metal deck built, with permit, and come inspection, the inspector says that code requires wood to be added.  Admits that it's of no value structurally etc, but it's code.  In an area near the burn scar of the largest fire in state history at the time, many years and at least one code revision later.
Cast in place houses for the win all day!!
About about phos check? A company will come and spray your house and surroundings and it lasts the whole fire season
I found this house interesting that had water sprinklers all around and made all the plants in the surroundings so wet that they protected the house(which was also wet)...
Asphalt roofing, Vinyl cladding - non fire supressing external insulation - things to exclude in construction. *rainscreens need to be screened - top and bottom - exclude the ember attack chimney effect (same with soffit vents - screen with ~0.7mm mesh).    In high BAL - zones even non opening windows should have ember excluding fire resistant screening (not done even in Australia - where there is huge awareness of fire risk..  For the fire rated wall - Magnesium 9Mg) Oxide or Mg Sulphate (MGO or MgSO4) wall boarding is used in Australia - in high Bushfire Attack Level rated structures..  (?? Intumescent coatings - Rainscreen Entries etc - could be used to actively close the entry in the event an extreme heat evend occurs - as in with hte active fromt of a bushfire.  A screen over the chimenea "chimney" - stop embers blowing out the top....
Who was the builder. It would be nice to have the actual products definitely used disclosed. This is amazing.
It's not the wood, it's the matchsticks, cardboard and pvc sidings.
where i am in ausralia i have to have 6mm toughened glass windows in metal frames and every opening window or door must have metal mesh screens on them and there must be no gaps anywhere larger than 3mm,  and  i had to clear 70m around my new house site to even be allowed to build.  I have used a metal frame with metal wall cladding and metal roof.  I also had to have a steel or concrete water tank 30000 liters of water just for firefighting purposes only with the correct fitting for our fire trucks to pump directly from it. i also will be installing gutter guard which is a metal mesh with very small holes to prevent leaves entering the gutters.
Tom Hanks is married with a greek women. So he is offen in greece. Greece people are believing in God, so he is a nice man too and both keep their house👍🙏💕
I was told how to build a house at the age of five.   Three little pigs
Please stop saying wildfires because  it was not wildfires but deliberately lit.
Matt - would be awesome to do a follow up video / interview with Greg
this was the video I needed ! Thank you ! I hope some lessons will be learned
really helpful video
There is NO actual rebuilding  in lahaina  It's going to be a smart city as Cali. Also Olympics  BTW lahaina and now are same blue print  Look at what really happened instead of building  Many structures gone and not so many trees ?????
What about vinyl fences? And I wasn't allowed to replace my windows & sliding glass door with aluminum, when they were aluminum originally. Some new California law. What to do?
Concrete and bricks to build houses  wood to build sheds or bonfires😅
⚠2:16 100mph is NOT Cat 5 Hurricane wind: - and now I wonder what other BS you talk. A Category 5 hurricane has _SUSTAINED winds_ of at least 157 miles per hour (mph). This is equivalent to 137 knots (kt) or 252 kilometers per hour (km/h).
What about adding metal roller shutters for existing windows?
Looks like scene from Constantine wen he walks down a street in hell
I am a 70 yr old lady and not an expert on home building…but…to me I just keep noticing that the fireplaces in most of these home r still standing. Is because they r brick/ concrete?…….it makes sense to me that maybe just maybe people should take a look into that. Also stone building…..I had a prefab wood “cabin” home once in AZ. and it burned to the ground, so I know what it takes to build something safe in a desert environment ………God bless everyone✌🏾🙏🏾✌🏾🙏🏾✌🏾🙏🏾✌🏾🙏🏾👵🏼
serious question,  can you not get brick over there?
Maybe he's Illuminati or something their houses don't seem to burn
Ja ja jaaa bagklog kan vi alle være og give andre skylden bruger i ja helt tilbage fra ww2 hvor i beskylder Hitler for at være und og så glemte i hvor unde i selv hvar da i udryde indianerne
Prob because the houses were built with cement on outside
No smart meter
What color is his roof is it blue
No mention of Hempcrete
The trees in the background don't look too burnt the car looks like somebody put it in a microwave or microwave weapon
Better build with concrete and brick.
only 2!?puff Didi home/mansion of 30 mil$ survive too and some others
Oprah syndrome the Stars houses don't burn did everybody else is Burns almost looks like they knew the fire was coming or the winds magically changed Direction
Lesson One = Don't trust Politicians
Here in Brazil we use porcelain tiles that imitate wood on the facades of buildings. We build houses with brick instead of wood. In faster constructions, the walls are made of concrete.
This is great information but what to do if our neighbors are not fire knowledgeable. I kept all my vegetation away from my house but my neighbor planted huge pine trees that are right next to his house and others. If their house catches on fire mine will burn to the ground because the houses are so close together. Those winds were fierce even in South Orange county. What can we do to protect our home if our next door neighbor's home catches fire, especially for the eaves
does that house have a rain gutter?
I have seen a lot of fires here in LA and in the desert, and had a couple times where it came up to my hill, but I have never seen this. One thing too that was was unique was the fact that it even crossed PCH and got properties on the beach. A friend of mine came across a large metal piece that came from molten metal off of a car. Seeing a house in Pallisades that had metal cladding on the outside also stood out as it was one of the only remaining structures on that block. A lot of these houses also had cedar, and other natural wood areas too. Family who lives in another fire area on the base of the hill had to put in full fire extinguishing system for their insurance, and also had to use certain materials, as well as have these clearances like you mention. Tons of insulation, but even that is non-combustible. Working in their attic it was annoying to say the least as there were so many fire suppression lines both for the attic and for the interior of the house itself, with a couple for some exterior around the entry ways.
I believe that the material used for a building's exterior is not as crucial for fire protection in urban areas as one might think. I am from Germany, where many houses are built exclusively from stone. There are numerous regulations prohibiting the use of highly flammable materials in construction.    A few years ago, a single-family home on my street burned down. The building's exterior consisted of two layers of brick, the window frames were made of aluminum, and the floors near the fire's origin were made of stone. The exterior windows were closed, and wood was burning in a glass-enclosed fireplace inside the house.    Alcohol was involved, and when more wood was added to the fire, the carpet caught fire. The entire house burned down and had to be demolished. Even the reinforced concrete ceiling was no longer stable. All the materials inside the house burned too easily, and the resulting heat compromised the building's integrity. Open floor plans further exacerbate the problem by allowing heat to spread more effectively.    In my opinion, for urban fire scenarios, a building exterior capable of withstanding the flames of a burning neighboring house or a car fire in front of the door for at least one hour is sufficient. By then, the fire department would arrive and prioritize protecting adjacent buildings. Such protection can even be achieved with a wooden wall insulated with sheep’s wool. What matters is that the exterior and interior layers have high density, giving the wall significant weight. The fire would need to heat a lot of material before the exterior becomes flammable.    In some wooden houses, the exterior wood layer was deliberately charred as a natural fire protection method. This practice, used as early as Viking times, also reliably protected the wood from moisture. Some wooden houses have stood for several hundred years.    I find the interior furnishings of houses to be highly relevant. Unfortunately, fewer solid, massive furniture pieces are being made today. Instead, more materials are used that burn quickly and easily, allowing fires to spread rapidly. While technical devices are designed to avoid causing fires, little attention is paid to ensuring that, should a fire occur, it remains localized.    Thoughts about protecting a house from fire should start here—with practical tips like garden design, for example. In many cases, such measures would significantly reduce risk relative to the capital invested, more so than using stone, steel, or concrete. These materials can also become unstable due to the heat from an interior fire, and they may accumulate toxins that cannot always be fully removed for safe reoccupation.
So, you don't address the elephant in the room. Wood houses, only built in America, are the problem.
They dont know grade of bushfires  Grade of weapons and war and destroy earth they are the mythic grade
Very interesting film. Building control needs to take note of this. All houses in an area prone to fire should take note.
need to look up hexcore and durra pannel from aus, they make hemp and staw  walls that are very good in fire
Here in Africa it is normal to sweep the ground around the hut. After a few weeks the ground becomes rock hard. This has multiple benefits. Less rodents, snakes, scorpions and it also acts as a fire break.
Thank you Matt as it's refreshing to have someone coming up with solutions instead of criticism.
How come they have allowed all this bad construction 😅😅😅 with bad standards…
I thought that Tom Hanks was going to Canada. He could rent his house to some illegals.
I am constantly surprised by the fragile house builds that are so pervasive in the United States of America. Every time there is a natural disaster (tornado, hurricane, flood, fire) the news pictures of the aftermath give the impression of toothpicks, matchsticks and kindling as the primary construction materials. And seeing building contractor videos of one story houses going from foundation slab to dried in with roofing and siding in one week to less than a month (for a two story house) seems like pure insanity. I get the impression that houses are built to last only 15-20 years. (This is my perspective looking in from the outside.)  I have lived for almost five decades in South America. There the primary building material is [ceramic] bricks and concrete for the walls. The roof used to be wood framing with tiles. Newer houses used corrugated metal over the wood framing (rafters and perlings). In recent years the roof framing has switched to metal truss construction of various kinds, with sheet metal covering. For multistory houses the intermediate floors are almost always a concrete slab. And some times even the top ceiling is a concrete slab, usually covered by an inclined metal roof. The incidence of house fires is way below that seen in the USA, because the main structure is non-combustible. Also, by legal binding regulation, houses can only be depreciated (for tax purposes) in 25 years.  Even in Germany most houses (even single dwelling houses) are constructed with the outer shell of bricks, cement blocks and/or concrete. Though the interior non-load-bearing wall can be of wood framing covered with sheet-rock type material. Even the historical half-timbered houses have the major portion of their walls made from bricks, adobe or clay. It is not uncommon for houses to have been built well over 100 years ago. I have seen big buildings from the 1860s to the 1890s that are still part of the urban landscape. The reconstruction after World War 2 was facilitated by the fact that the outer shell had remained intact, so that only the burnt out interior and roof had to be reconstructed. The majority of current renovations consist of gutting and rebuilding the electrical, plumbing and heating installations, as well as replacing the outer doors and windows with more energy efficient variants. Mainly for houses that were constructed or last renovated more than 40-50 years ago.
Great video! Now, is it possible to meet modern building requirements for R rating with a fully conditioned attic space? We have a lot of problems here with condensation in winter, and our sure-fire solution is a well ventilated attic. Some of the older vaulted ceilings with no attic space have problems with condensation. How do you get around that?  I guess I should mention that we have 60° C difference between interior and exterior temperature in the winter. Not all winter. But enough.
Terrific information, thanks.
In Western Australia we have bush fires every year I remember years ago this fire went through a lot of houses and the majority of houses lost had swampies on there roofs I:e evaporated air conditioning units which generally have a type of straw or other material that soaks up water but also catches embers, sometimes your hazard is staring you in the face.
HERE IS A LESSON 2019 wild fire prevention was halted in the same area to protect a shrub. Go read it yourself 2019.  Dems blood is on your hands
I guess if your house did not survive the fires then you are responsible for not ensuring your house was fire resistant. The insurance companies will reject claims!
https://youtu.be/jW9BK44qVig?si=Kp9jX-TGTsGCy_tN  50:20  I can also conjecture that 100mph thermal convection currents contributed to the weird burn patterns.  Picked up some good tips here, my moms narrowly escaped Missionary Ridge in 2012, I'm mostly in NM, wind is the real issue for me, dessication, etc., but I noticed a Cape Cod somewhere in the above linked vid, wierdly untouched, one salient feature of which is virtually no eaves whatsoever, so your roof doesn't get torn off by a noreaster or wtf.  Anyway, I saw some people in another vid defending an arts&crafts with cedar shingles, HUD spec, probably closer to the water, but can't help but think this thing is maybe close to 100yo, the rapid development McMansions up higher probably HOA governed, developers and brokers need to be included in the risk chain.  I'm good for fire, my HOA likes rocks. 🥺
You say the there climate is mild it can’t be there is climate change 😂😂
All the houses in Hong Kong are built with concrete. even a single house is built with concrete. we don’t need to worry about the fire at all.
The architect says the outside siding is stucco which is concrete.
3d printed concrete home, steel or stucco siding, steel roof, aluminum clad insulated windows, rock wool insulation, stainless gutter guards, stainless expanded mesh screens covering any vents. No trees or brush against house.
I'm an american designer living abroad most of my life. I have done construction in the US when I was younger so I've seen how its done in the US, but I have worked abroad with Architecture and product design for 20+ years. -At 2:06 Matt says the true fundemental problem. -"We're in America, we build with wood." -and my answer to that is WHY??? Other than GREED and/or ignorance, there is no reason in this day and age that a home should be built out of WOOD!! From South America, to Europe to Asia where I live now, no modern constructions are made from wood. Wood doesn't withstand storms, fires, bugs, rot etc, and does not last a long time. -Of course there are a few small exceptions that dense woods such as Ypé from Brazil, but outside of that, concrete, brick, cement, tile, stone, glass and metals are the materials that should make a modern home. And the price of houses outside of the US are half the price, so its NOT a pricing issue... a fundamental concept change and knowledge change needs to happen in building residences in America. Its sad to see these expensive homes (or ANY home) burn to the ground, tearing apart the lives of so many :(. In other developed countries this does NOT happen, even in the SAME circumstances. In my city of Taipei the building code does NOT allow you to build structured houses, walls and areas from wood. -Period. -No wood, no mass destruction. Taipei must withstand huge storms and huge earthquakes, that cause fires to occasionaly happen. The homes and apartments here are half the cost too and built under much more stringent rules. So there is something wrong with HOW people think about building that must change in the US. Schools should teach proper modern buiding methods, codes should be reviewed and changed to NOT ALLOW wooden core structures. A little wood for decoration purposes indoors is even ok, but with modern tiles like wood etc, even that is not necessary. There IS a way to save the forests and have a beautiful long lasting home. Look at Tom Hanks house... NO WOOD! End of story. Also 3rd world countires such as Brazil have figured this out and only build with Brick, cement and metals. They have such cheap housing that even the poorest families can afford a house. -Its NONSENSE to say that wood is cheaper. Wood is only done still in the US because no one puts a stop to this terrible practice and basic safety measures are desregarded. -Learn from your mistakes. Construction companies need to be penalized till they learn. -It not climate change that will stop this or more water, its a building code that will not allow wooden or flammable materials to be used, period. -If a blow torch can burn it, it can't be used as structure. -Insurance companies, lawmakers and especially builders need to get it right and learn from other countries, how to do things safe and right. Nothing had to burn down!!! Only in America... so sad...
Hey Matt, Around Yellostone and a couple other parks are some very bad fire zones. A couple park rangers built homes in regular subdivisions. Fires came and destroyed everything, like in LA. The park rangers homes, that looked pretty much like other homes, were spared from the fires. The park rangers said it was only 5-10 more expensive than a simple stick built house. But, those house did not burn.
It's called LUCK.  Plenty of other houses survived, even ones that were almost engulfed by the flames on the slopes below their pool decks - ask James Woods about his place.  It had nothing to do with the way the houses were constructed.  If the flames had come at a right angle, any house was in danger.
Why din not you make out of RCC and Steel? Wood will always burn first
Cow Fire Video?
That concrete fence needs to most likely torn down and rebuilt is all. The siding can now be made with concrete then a mold presswd into it to appear wood. The concrete is tinted. Netal roofing can melt too. Soffits need to be engineered to be fore resistant.
Thanks!
I have hoped for decades that i would see an actual builder would do this kind of program.
What Ignorance, Smh.
The wheels are alloy, solders a alloy. Alloy melts at lower temps generally.
The window glass? Many years ago I was designing fire resistant partitioning systems.  We used laminated intumescent glass. The standard we were aiming for 30 minutes with w fire which started at 850 centigrade and ramped up to 950 at 30 minutes.  The glass quickly became opaque and developed cracks, but was still intact at 38 minutes when the system finally failed.
Cool vid, I love that house that survived, so clean, simple & modern looking.   I wish more people knew about mycelium. I somehow heard about it years ago & have loved the idea ever since. It’s the roots of mushrooms, can be grown into molds, baked, made into thin sheets or made into bricks. It’s got amazing properties including being highly fire resistant. Excellent thermal/insulating power, so those thin sheets can be used for insulation. There’s been a number of art/architecture installations around the world to demo it. I think the main challenges are scaling up to be able to create meaningful supply, and of course the worst, whatever regulations & standards they have to figure out to approve it, whoever’s decision that is.   I just pray that we get new leadership ASAP that is open to new innovations & will look at solutions like this, and work on clearing red tape to allow them through to be implemented.   It’d be cool if you cared to look into it & do a story on it. 🍄
Tile roofs are not fire proof. Embers go under the tile.
Great advices for keeping your house safe, bad for wildlife and soul.
HEARTBREAKING IS WHAT THE ZIONIST HAVE AND ARE DOING DAILY TO THE POOR PALESTINIAN CHILDREN WOMAN AND MEN ....GENOCIDE WITH THE SUPPORT OF THE WEST ..NOW THATS HEARTBREAKING
100 mph winds is a category 2 hurricane, a 5 is 157mph winds and higher. We do need to learn to make better homes and how to reinforce existing homes for this extreme weather.
The ribbon of melted aluminum in the driveway was likely from the engine block. This was first seen in the 1991 Oakland, California Tunnel Fire. The inferno melted many engine blocks along the roads.
Funny how we had 90-100 mph winds in Juneau AK but never even made it on the news. Alaska IS part of the US.  Panama Canal, Greenland isn't. I recall trump tossing papertowels at people that suffered.
Construct House from Bricks and Concrete 😮😮😮
Masonite front fascia ....?
Direct energy weapons are very thorough.  Turning aluminum into puddles.  This was no accident nor was it a wildfire.
Climate change is real and the insurance industry understands it. This could have been prevented by prevented measures.
Don't forget western north carolina
Compare with “The house in the Middle” https://youtu.be/pGJcwaUWNZg?si=JVuZH81cpmSZv_2w
What I was hearing is that people were starting the fires ?
For those considering this for your chimneys (chimeneas), remember if you put any cover, you should try to make the chimney wider, otherwise the smoke and embers can backflow out the mouth, making the chimney "vomit" embers. Super important containing the embers and directing the smoke
Even old nyc had a fire run through it. Allot of that was brick.
Okay first of all. I'm happy for the two surviving homes but this is complete bullshit. My family and my friend's homes were in the devastating Malibu fire that lost over 400 homes all the houses around us were built the same and my family's home and another one across the street survived and the other ones all burnt to the ground. People have to understand fires can be like tornadoes and hurricanes. The worst-built homes can sometimes survive. Mother Nature doesn't give a crap about how great your homes are built. A solid brick home with stucco and other hard materials was destroyed a block away from us.
Tom Hanks hates the United States of America and I hate him.
Tone deaf. How offensive just days after people died, and here's mr smug telling the grieving families, if only you'd built better. Grifter
That house above was the most beatiful of the all...
Tribulation Started OCT 2nd 2024 ??? // The World Will LOVE The Antichrist - destroys evil one world government forming NOW - Nelson Walters YouTube //
The big question is, how they can recover all those lost house in a short time. Plenty of companies and materials required. So it have to be a simple, quick and fire protection construction system.   Those are basically made from concrete uisng a formwork block system. You can even build by yourself while using a formwork block.
Excellent video thank you. We have learned a lot in Australia from oyr wild fires. Information I used in 2019 to save my farm house from a fire storm.  I hope the Aussie businesses with great products are welcomed in the US.
12,000 homes gone is like a small towns worth unreal.
California Bel Air of 1962. Video LAFD great. We learned nothing.
If you have to evacuate, please close your main water tap near your water meter. This keeps pressure on the water system that also feeds the fire hydrants. And close off your gas connection.
There has been NO rebuilding in Lahaina, check you fact Matt Risinger!
Hmm must be a good guy then😅
I do not understand why people who live in hazardous areas don't build with ICF, to include having a concrete roof.  You'll be protected from hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, and even flooding with an extra step.  ICF homes cost are only slightly more expensive than traditionally built homes, but offer peace of mind and unprecedented security.
Great video, thanks!
I saw another video about this house.  That is indeed wood siding.
Another way to get houses in fire prone areas safer is to  ----------- 1:Add a sprinkler system to the perimeter of the roof. Two sprinkler lines spraying in different directions running along the highest beam of the roof would stop roof from catching ablaze.  2: City ordinance should not allow trees or brush over 6ft. tall to grow in neighborhoods.  3: Interior walls with gypsum boards, spray foam insulation instead of the fiberglass type, metal furniture (stainless steel, cast iron, ect....) with exchangeable memory foam cushions, masonry floors and areas with wooden floors having a masonry boarder, and homes built with metal studs instead and wood.  4: An exterior deck could be built having a metal tray with ¼-inch gravel as flooring.  5: Conduit for electrical wiring.
In the 2009 Kinglake fires in Victoria, Australia 183 lives were lost. People died when they were stranded in their cars trying to escape, from being burnt alive, from radiant heat and from suffocation. One man died about 100 metres from a safe evacuation zone from suffocation as the fire sucked all the oxygen out of the air. Kinglake is a mountainous area so the fire spread extremely quickly. It was a hot, extremely windy day.   Sadly sometimes Mother Nature is not very kind. And there wasn’t much that could have saved the 183 people who died from the ferocious fires  and winds on that day. Very, very sad.   The take away being, that , if you live in a dangerous fire zone always be prepared to evacuate on high risk days.   I live in the Perth Hills in Western Australia, one the highest risk fire zones in the world. We get 1000 mm of rain during winter and spring but we have long very hot, dry summers.   The Local Government does regular controlled burns during the cooler months. On many occasions this has saved houses and lives as the fire has hit a controlled burn zone and run out of fuel.   The power company checks all properties annually and issues notices to homeowners to trim trees that are close to power lines. If you don’t do it, within 30 days, they do it for you but charge you a fortune.  All property owners are required to create fire breaks around their properties to not only help prevent the spread of fire but also to allow access to fire trucks.   And everyone spends winter and spring burning off fallen branches and leaves. It’s a year long process but it works.
Tom Hanks house looks like a fortress. You might never escape.
Just to be clear, we do not all love Tom Hanks most of us who care about the list of people who went to Epstein Island also care that Tom Hanks visited there several times so no he’s not a good person and he’s not beloved
remove lap siding & use bricks sliced in half then drill a hole in middle of 1-1/4 thick brick & screw it to sheeting with powerlags  this is a lot of work but looks amazing done with patterns made with several colored old paving bricks,,light brown, dark brown  light red, dark red, purple, black, some have stamped patterns,,some have stamped lettering,,but all were free, to re-purpose
Well, if concrete walls can crush an aeroplane landing on a runway at speed it should be pretty good at stopping other things too
make it mandatory for every resident to install their own water tanks and sprinklers up on the roof .
use concrete fire wall avoid use fine wood.
They will make those new 15 minutes cities very fire retardant
Reminds me of Gaza. Where a lot of their money was spent
Let's make the world great again, though I can't recall a time where it was, we can turn a new leaf if we wanted to
Plant agapanthus around your house/property too.
You lost me at 100 mile an hour winds is cat 5, no, it's a cat 2, nothing like Katrina
Ok  Chimenea is spanish for Chimney/fireplace
They survived because DEW missed it or they didn't want that house to be burn
We also need figi
Let's add ausi to our portfolio, boy would America be great
Santana 🌬
1. Steel frame 2. Sheet rock for exterior 3. Brush and Tree regulations for fire risk zones.
Building with ladrillos laki on mexico
It's shocking to learn how unprepared Californians (and their govt) are for fires. Learn from Australia - unfortunately we're experts.
He jumped right in to promote his business. No sympathy at all. This kind of fire was just beyond this dudes answers. This guy and his business hope for more such situations to promote his business...
I used to have great respect for U.S. But as an european, looking at videos like this one, where all I can see is americans discovering building solutions which are normal in EU or Australia for decades if not more, if I look at Bruce Wilson's videos where his 27+ years old Scania beats any new/recent US truck on every metric in terms of performance, comfort and especially on safety, it gets scary, really scary. You might not like my arguments, but when you basically have Insurance Driven Building Codes as I would call them, then it is bad, really bad.
SEARCH TERMS:  "Fireice" & "Firebane"
From the Netherlands: american construction baffles me. Why not build with concrete and pretty that up with brick overlay or adobe? Especially in a fire zone. Your houses are built like our garden sheds. Our houses can last up to 200 years without any big upkeep, your houses rot away after some rainfall or flooding.
I've been thinking in active defense, something like geothermal heatpipes to take advantage of the heat of the near fire and make them far less effective.
BOOK - Burn Back Better: Lahaina: A Perfect Storm? Or A Perfect Crime? // Author Stephanie Pierucci //
Excellent video Matt.  I do A/V Systems in LA.  ABSOLUTELY devastating.
Shit, 100s and 1000s of shit... This is someone who want to use this opportunity to make millions of the pain of 1000s of people. Houses that stood was just an miraculous act... This guy is a liar. Please stop being deceived by people like these...
Great pod
So if everyone that's had houses for decades are a cheap build codes were past. People pay extra for codes being past. When it shouldn't. I bet insurances have a small print hidden. That no one gets paid though insurance. So if we go to sell our house now it's worth pennies. America should have build homes out of brick like mexico. I love my country but hate the people that are in it for the money
What situation would involve the crap literally hitting the fan?
We need to make roofs out of the same material they use to coat the space shuttle if it can withstand re-entry then those tiles would be perfect for preventing a roof from Catching Fire if you built the siding out of the same and then covered it with brick the house wouldn't burn down and it would be entirely energy efficient that's why they don't do it
As an Australian Builder, we have a National Construction Code specifically for Bushfire affected zones called BAL (Bushfire Attack Level), the ratings are   BAL Low, BAL-12.5, BAL-19, BAL-29, BAL-40 and BAL-FZ ( Flame Zone) the restrictions / requirements get more complex and stringent the higher you go,   I'm surprised America does not have similar building codes for these susceptible areas, and feel after this tragic event there will be some revision of building codes, yes it does add extra cost to the build the extra protection, but if done right and maintained a house built to the particular code will have a lot better chance of surviving a bushfire than one built to regular codes, Interesting you mentioned TREX decking we have it AUS it only has a BAL rating of 19, or 29, so it is not allowed in BAL 40 or BAL FZ zones and would have never survived the LA fires, also at BAL 40 you can't have any timber joinery externally if you want timber windows, these have to be fitted with fireproof metal shutters, BAL-FZ you can't even have timber windows even with fire shutters.  Decks we build in these areas are all steel framed and cement fibre decking boards (no timber and no PVC composites) with FZ decks also requiring metal clip in strips between each board to completely seal the top surface, this is so no embers can fall through the boards, I think the USA can learn a lot from Australia's bushfire disasters and why we introduced these tough building standards for fire affected zones.
The aluminum wheel was next to.the GAS tank
dude, these house didn't survive any fire, they just didn't get touched. Ridiculous to think that they are any special
Because  they  did the exact  same  thing.  It's a planned  event. Came from  N V.   A 51.  Watch it on  the  gov web infa Red.
Concrete houses would struggle with seismic activity in CA. Stucco houses are very common in this area and it offers some protection, just not endless protection.   I watched a lot of stucco houses burning over the last few days.   The fires have been so big and so hot, metal structures were left unrecognizable....even steel.
Federal and Sates different codes = thousands of loopholes.
So, a couple of houses out of hundreds did not burn, and this is an argument for you guys to keep building walls with a most easily burnable material? Sorry, man, but the cognitive dissonance here is through the roof. Building real houses with stone is the answer to the question. Because that is non-burning material.
Need to see the SNL comedy skit THE CALIFORNIANS.  They're spot on about how air headed Californians are starting with their governor
I used to drive dirt bikes. A spark arrester is just a metal screen. That’s interesting…
The 2 owners was Muslims.... That says something.
https://youtu.be/2wTE8baLQlo?si=oV302KJ3cf9d7U7O
People do not want the added expense of making a home more fire resistant but here you get an insurance reduction for doing it. Fire mesh on the roof gutters stops leaves from building up and reduces the chance of embers getting up into the roof. You also set your gutters up so you can backfill with water from the hose to create another barrier from embers. Major issue is fire getting into the roof.  What was the biggest problem in the LA fires is the number of trees and shrubs joining one house to another and the number of trees over roof height even on 2 story homes hanging over roofs. Just street view the area, and it is all firwood just about between every house right up to the walls. Most of the fire could have possibly been stopped before it reached the first or second houses, but people made it impossible for the fire fighters to even have a chance. The fires could jump ahead of them by 2 houses or up to 10 houses and they would be surrounded by fire in those winds.
Wrong! You and your governments/codes are responsible for building risky homes of combustible materials, light cavity wood frame is like living in a haystack ready for fire by a single match in a second, you do not even need a large forest fire for that..any IQ there or just sheer greed?
Sorry, I dont subscribe to idiots using X or anything to do with the racist orange kkklown or maga kkklowns. 😑
60 Minutes is fake news.  Wait for the building science people. And the arson investigators pls.
I dont understand how a fire can burn over 1200°F to melt aluminum but the trees ~120' away we're still alive with green foliage?
I've been following the pre-fab home stuff for a little bit and it seems like it could be the solution for many, especially those with land, no home and limited or no money coming back from insurance. The video linked is from a company in BC that can come set up a small temporary factory to pump out fireproof homes for a neighborhood or more. It's obviously not the answer for everyone, but inexpensive, fireproof dwellings that can be built very quickly could help a lot of people here (there, I'm in Norcal). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh6VYD9eIeU
There is a system by Dakota Fire Systems that uses a compound that creates a gel that can coat and engulf an entire structure and prevent a fire for hours.  If I had a home in one of the fire prone areas I would have that installed in my home.  Crazy that the rich folks don’t have a system like that installed.  Oh, and after the fire a water hose will wash away the gel, which is already mostly water.
Good video  I will give you my idea. The Forest service has emergency tents in case they get trapped. Material of this tent is fire proof and very lite. Why not make a tent for the roof of a house, out of the same material. Put this material on a roll, hand crank to unroll and re-roll. That would help protect from the embers.. This would protect the roof from starting on fire. You could even make a complete bag for the house.....
That concrete wall pocket saved the gas main too. That could be a ceramic wood printed siding = like a floor tile.
Need houses with stucco and flat roof
"Fun" fact, trusses made of wood has higher classing for resistance against fires than metal trusses.
13:02 Includes a pointer to 'enclose eaves'. I've owned two different homes in OC, CA. It's crazy how the rafters extend out under the eaves/roof overhangs. Basically, you have provided the fire a direct route into your attic. And it's over. My house in NW Oregon, is exactly the same. Rafters hanging out.
Towns in Europe are made of stone because the previous town burned.
Montana company  produces  cement log looking siding  which would be an asset for fire resistance building   Check out Good Simple Living     Idaho family building home with product
Building wooden houses in an area prone to wildfires.... It definitely won't help.
Wood matchsticks houses suck Squeaks, breaks, rot, blow away, catch fire, termites, poor insulation. Cement and concrete has non of these issues.
Typhoon level winds did not help. 1. wood framing , 2. mostly old cedar wood shingles or not class A roofing and 3. many homes were built before stronger building codes. 4. most eves are exposed wood with eve vents to any arrive where heat gaines. 5 Clay tile roofs have a gap between overlapping, embers gain entrance. garages usually do not have type X gyp bd except at wall separating garage from residence. garages are usually exposed framing. wood siding vs Stucco. no double glazing, vinyl window frames not metal coated wood frames. you’re right many did not have a clearing area as buffer. Alta Dena( spelling) were much older homes in general so i’m sure they went up much faster. A home i designed in Ramona, Ca. in the foothills northeast of San Diego was the only home remaining in the neighborhood due to wood framed, stucco over eves, double glazing in metal clad frames. Class A asphalt shingles. full mineral insulation at walls, roof and raised floors. floor and attic vents had a fine metal mesh over openings. this home was 5000 sqft. set into a dwarf oak forest and avocado grove. ground was brushed out for 50 feet on each side and landscaping was mostly drought resistant. the flames rolled over the top in wind fire storm.
As a Mexican developer/real state owner/seller/attorney I cannot understand how homes in California with forest fires, earthquakes, storms do not use concrete, stome, blocks. And use woodframes and other flanable material in the exterior.
A more generally applicable example, from a very similar situation, occurred during the Marshall Fire in Louisville, Colorado. One section of newly built homes all survived when houses across the street (on 3 sides if I remember correctly) all burned down. They were constructed with cement fiber siding and without soffit/attic vents. This prevented the windblown embers from finding ingress.   The conditions and visuals are frighteningly familiar. There was no stopping the fire, there was only the race to evacuate as many as possible before the fire cut them off. I remember being glued to the local weather data praying for the wind speed to drop - and that it wouldn't turn towards us.
Make houses out of concrete and cements not matchsticks and then say save deforestation.
So stuff that wasn't made of wood didn't burn? That's crazy. Just think what you could do with a whole house built with bricks
Hanks' house also doesn't have fire in it's immediate vicinity so how defensible it is wasn't really tested.
It would be very interesting to see how they sealed the garage door from embers
If a tree could touch the house when it falls, it needs to be removed.  That's storm damage and fire prevention.  Those pretty hedges next to a house are asking for the house to burn. It's just an installed fire starter.
There are similar examples of houses surviving cat 5 hurricanes when entire towns got wiped out.  They were built above and beyond normal standards.  Insurance companies and banks could help drive these concept homes.
People that live in wooden houses, should not let illegal immigrants and woke politicians near.
God just making it clear that He alone can decide what can survive the inferno. It is not about the builders or home owners. We sure try hard to make sense of what we can not. Aluminium melts and the house still stands!
Not having a flammable roof would be a good start? Brick walls and clay tile roofs, then you just need suitable windows and doors. Just putting batts of rockwool over them would do.
In Japan we have glass with metal wires embedded so in the event of a fire the glass won’t shatter from the heat and remain in place.   The only downside is the glass can develop cracks spontaneously during the summer when it’s hot.
Newsom has a lot to learn how to protect his state. If he cannot learn then don’t even dream to run for President, ever!
21:30 1 very important point you missed is the location of the gas meter  located in the fence away from the house and the gas line is underground not exposed to heat in case of a fire. That house is very well built
NorCal, steel roof, stucco on 3sides, paving stone patio,  ringing house with paving stone.
External Fire Sprinkler System should help
They should do like England and build with stone
The new Australian rules are ok but there not a guaranteed there are still a lot of variables
Hi there. First time on your channel but born and raised in southern California. Since 2008 I’ve been doing all kinds of swimming pool work. Maintenance and construction and plumbing etc. any time I do any pump and plumbing work I always always always put in a spot for a spot for a garden hose AND a spot for a 2” trash pump hose for this reason. Customers always ask me why and I say, “better to be safe than sorry. Protect your property. You have 20k+ gallons sitting right here. Make it work for you” and I was taught this by two old timers. It’s crazy that with all the pools we have, not a lot have any type of spigot at all. I’m sad for my town. But we learn and grow strong
It's good to have a go bag no matter what kind of house you live in and get out when your life is in danger from a natural disaster of any kind, but, if you are going to build a house it's good if you can build it so it can get through whatever may happen such as hurricanes, fires, earthquakes, etc, most homes were built before the disasters that have been occurring like they are now became so common, but, now they are common, so it's a good idea to build with that in mind if you build a new home.
For a while now YouTube synchronizes your videos into other languages which really bothers me because the robot voice sounds so artificial. I tried to change my default language to English but this is unreliable and I have to deactivate it at the beginning of each video. Does anyone know how to deactivate this feature once and for all?
its really not rocket science, wood burns, were in america, weve been building wooden houses for years says it all.
I Hope they adjust the building Codes asap, so thiswill be prevented next time. Building cheap ist great, but at what cost.
What interests me about Hanks' neighbour's property is the fact that the house burned with no significant damage to the garden/trees surrounding it.
Americans need to stop building flimsy houses out of wood. Remember the three little pigs..
20 degrees hotter??  Our summer temperatures are usually over 100
😮Thats the problem, building with wood. Florida changed the codes now you have to build there with cinder block, no carpet, different roof design, etc. So you and california have to change bogus mentality.
22:48 can I spray my deck and cedar post holding the porch up with a fire retardant liquid to prevent a loss? My house is 100% cement board siding. Brand new house. I don't keep the water hoses besidthe house or trash carts.
In St. Louis since the 1980s any new wood structures, ie: fences, stairs, bannisters, porches etc. have to be built with wolmanized wood. Its specially treated wood to withstand fires and rotting.
28 minute video to tell us that concrete doesn't burn. 😂
They make cement siding that looks like wood. It's poured into a mold with wood like patterns. I know a company called overlog, uses this and people  who live out in heavily treed areas, use this siding in case of fire
I think those double french on the lower floor are actually steel.    I spent a lot of time back when the fires were ripping through Australia years back explaining to them the reason why for more than 50 years houses built out in the farmlands had metal roofs... nobody seemed to understand.   Metal roofs, mudwashed walls, hoed perimeters and spare metal sheets leaning against the walls.  The one that really gets me about Malibu is the couple houses there that survived had to resist INSANE amounts of heat coming off their neighbors.  I hope Cal doesn't allow those homes to be rebuilt.
Hi Matt - We are about to purchase concrete siding from EVERLOG in Montana. They are fire proof. Check them out... there may be other companies as well which sell similar items.
Fascinating video.  Thank you.   I have one thought....how would a house like  this do in an earthquake ?  The problem in CA is that  both are a real problem.    ( although clearly at the moment, fires are center stage.) Next will be the flooding due to the fires....this is gonna be a tough year coming.  Super sad.
Probably really important not to park cars in the open near the property. And clearing out debris from the crevasses around the hood etc. just a thought that’s not all that helpful now. 😢
Matt, you're pissing into the wind. Nothing will change. The Oakland Hills fire had very similar damage from a wind/firestorm.  What happened?  Did they learn anything?  Nope. Homes rebuilt on top of each other on steep hillsides with narrow streets and inadequate water supply.  The only saving grace was 80 years of overgrowth was burned, but everyone has replanted and in 20 years, it will be ripe for another firestorm.  We had just built a brand new water tank for EBMUD just months before the disaster.  13 people died within a few hundred feet of the new tank, trapped by the flames.  Tragically, about the only thing left standing was that water tank.  Why?  The idiot designers at EBMUD designed the valves to close whenever power went out. So that tank was full of water as they were unable to remotely open the valves when the fire started - there was no water available to fight the fire.
Matt, I have lived in LA county for 48 years.  You're wrong about the 20° F fluctuating temp.  San Fernando Valley can get 115° F in the summer.  Winters can get in the mid-high 30's.
People sometimes think that Ohio is boring, and I sort of get it. No beaches here or year-round warm weather, but it has it's perks. I have a brother and a cousin in Florida. He almost lost his ass during the last hurricane. I feel terrible for the folk in California right now. I can't imagine working my entire life to retire in a beautiful area like that, and then lose it all in a catastrophe like that. I'll stick with living in Ohio where the worst we get is black ice and the occasional tornado. Are tornadoes destructive, yes, but they're not several miles wide and don't usually take out whole cities. That's more like the tornados in MO and OK. I can always vacation to California or Florida if I really feel the need.
here in Southern california we are being told only 24 deaths so far. where are you getting this info?
Love the verse at the end. ❤️🙏❤️
That "wood" front siding could be hardy plank or similar
Have you seen what your weapons have done to Gaza. Babies and children.
Contractor from Western India here. We do all our work in an active Seismic Zone. The code we use for Reinforced Concrete Structures should be implemented in California as well.   We also have annual rainfall in excess of 100 inches.
Three lessons: bricks, tiles and concrete. Simple as that.
god
I you listened to the video the siding used stucco.
Check out what you have to do on a new build in outback Australia!!!!!
TY Matt for sharing these fire resistance products and strategies.  👍 🙏 God bless
NOBODY IS AN EXPERT WHEN IT COMES TO DISASTER....DONT MAKE MONEY OUT OF THIS PLS!
Hand signals diamond normally means mason
St Louis went to all brick after their fire disaster.
2 houses now to live in horrible neighborhoods for several years! Yaay
A5 1200 degrees i5 should have scortched the grass next to the car ! And why didnt 5he Fire touch the garage or the rear wooden fence just beyond the metal fence yiu pointed out? If indeed this was a "Wild Fire burning at 1200-2000 degress itvwould have burnt the vegitation , the rear garage and even Stuco homes ! Plus look at the untouched trees to the right of the picture.?
Who would even want to live there and come out every day and see burnt trees?Looking like hell burnt trees looking like hell
Multi-million dollar homes all made out of paper mache.. unfortunately why they litterally disintegrated leaving behind bricked chimneys and metal fencing.   Wildfires are not new to LA so there is literally no excuse for what happened.. and there is dozen upon dozen of preventative measures that should have been inplace, mandatory and routinely maintained. This is a terrible yet preventable tragedy.
"We are in America, we are building with wood for years." this translates to "in the US, people are way too cheap to build actual houses". The rest of the world has built houses for thousands of years. And many of them are STILL STANDING after hundreds of years. Because they are made of suitable materials like stone, brick, or concrete. Not from shit we use to make fire with.
I wonder how an exterior wood siding treated with “Shou Sugi Ban” would fare having been pre - Burned.   I hope you follow this more in the future.
5:45 the house in the back was built by ardie tavangarian and called “Succession” it was a beautiful home that sold for $83 million
Spend the money on ember-resistant soffit and dormer vents. They are not cheap but will do a much better job stopping embers from entering attics than the standard mesh vents in high winds.
1st - who leaves a fire burning when not attended? 2nd - I've been talking about this for a while - that we need to build houses for the environment in which they are placed - there's really no excuse to not do this. 3rd - I always make sure there are no trees that are close to the house and that they are short enough that if they fall, they don't reach the house. My ex complained that I wanted our trees on the at the back of our back yard trimmed down until one windy day that the neighbor's entire patio set with patio cover ended up in our yard. We secured ours down to cement patio just for this reason. I didn't get an argument from my ex after that. We had fire and reflection safety walls and had mostly cement and rocks around the close perimeter of our home. I am all about clearing brush the recommended 500 feet from homes which I don't see at all anymore.
Trump will fix everthing dont even trip new wave orders make it great again
My friend you can make a solid steel matel house, when it comes to the anger and punishment of Allah, even the matel will be turned molten scrap, what needs to be done is to rectify your attitude, and your faith.. 😅😂🤣
They need smart water meters that can turn off. I saw 100s of slabs pouring water out of the main supply pipe killing H2O pressure down the road leaving no H20 for firefighters down the line.
Definitions please. You show pix of a chiminea, (which I already know) BUT NOT Monopoly?
I was thinking watching the fire we need to come up with better solutions. The current one is not good enough. I’ll glad someone with knowledge in building construction experience is trying to come up with a solution. That is what we need and not to play the political way called the blame game.
No excuse for being that unprepared for a state that goes through as many wild fires. None.
What brand shirt is that, looks good for a work shirt
I saw many chimneys survive - why aren’t we building with brick or cement blocks?!?!
1. wood framing , 2. mostly old cedar wood shingles or not class A roofing and 3. many homes were built before stronger building codes. 4. most eves are exposed wood with eve vents to any arrive where heat gaines. 5 Clay tile roofs have a gap between overlapping, embers gain entrance. garages usually do not have type X gyp bd except at wall separating garage from residence. garages are usually exposed framing. wood siding vs Stucco. no double glazing, vinyl window frames not metal coated wood frames. you’re right many did not have a clearing area as buffer.
🎉Materials will be threw the roof but if it's government proof then that would be worth every penny 😢
I would not like to live in this area during the rebuilding because there will be huge amounts of toxic particles in the air.
The direction the wind hits the house is a major factor as well.  Embers blowing horizontal will hit a house from a certain direction.   It can hitva side that is more vulnerable, or it won't.  Meaning some sides have inlets or vents, sone don't.
All too familiar from the Australian perspective. I think the whole country winced when we saw the start of the LA fires. We've had cars turned into puddles. This video is good core survival stuff, pretty standard for us.
Altadena was developed starting in1860s a Pacific Palisades in 1820s; so over 100 years of development. Modern California building codes are great, but how many people prioritize new kitchen versus hardening the exterior of your house against wildfire?
Must've used right roof
Also the gas meter is on the front easement surrounded by the perimeter wall in front, strategically away from the home
Thank you for this!  I lost my home in the Lahaina, Maui fire and am hoping to use these suggestions as we rebuild.
In high threat fire zones in Australia we have sprinkler systems on the roof with tank water to try and prevent ember attack which is the biggest problem.
Fire resistant homes in fire prone areas, flood resistant homes in flood prone areas and tornado resistant homes in tornado prone areas. Why spend millions on a house that doesn't do what its supposed to do. It isn't enough to just be sturdy and pretty.
In Northeast China, we built our houses and tall buildings all by concrete and steel, sometimes someone made they room on fire, and the fire never spreads. even sometimes they got an apartment blow up caused by supper old gas pipe. there are no impact to nearby buildings. The reason we don't suffer the crazy fire like LA, is we don't use wood to build. Or, at least you uses Gypsum boards covers all the outside surfaces of your house, it won't be that easy got on fire.
wild  fire tragedy  same with   titanic,  no  answers, why it  happened
It doesn't matter is you are in the city or the 'burbs, up against the urban forest interface or surrounded by asphalt, fire is always an issue that the designer and the owners needs to address. If it isn't coming from the outside it can always come from the inside.
No one talking about a gasoline/diesel powered high pressure water pump connected by metal pipes to ridgeline metal water sprinklers on roof, misters under eaves and wall washing nozzles...and an agri sprinkler keeping the defensible area soaked...plus a hand held fire hose with a decent firefighting nozzle?? using water YOU saved on site in IBCs or a large swimming pool..   No one is talking about safe fireproof room within every house (like a tornado shelter but better)  able to keep all the occupants safe for 24 to 48 hours..  So you fight the fire then dive into the room.....
usa needs homes that are fireproof and float
The houses should from now on all be built according to standard. And seeing the 6 month old house, it reminded me a lot of the "lego houses" we have in europe. They are basically produced in a factory and then put together on sight. As many may know, we build many without wood. Most of our houses are stone concrete and metal. So it is possible to come up with an idea to make a design that is extremely cheap to build and fire resistant. That is definitely what LA needs when they need to rebuild the houses. The county could invest in this, and therefore, the financial assistance that goes to the victims will be more than enough for them to be able to afford to rebuild.
With all due respect these homes have very little character and to me are unattractive
Tom's home looks like an ugly compound btw...
You’re such a kook! I’ll bet you’ll now start building with these idiotic practices! Airtight non ventilated kookville!
Are the windows heat reflective?
100mph wind is cat 5? Uhhh.
Those DEW HAVE No mercy  !!! Tell the truth
G'day,  Kangaroo-feeder here, reporting from the Endangered Species Sanctuary...  Yesterday I posted a Walk & Talkabout Video, showcasing the Bushfire Fuelbomb in which I live, and my ($17,000) Fire-Hose Collection, with Pumps, Pipes, elevated Sprinklers, Nozzles, Waterpumps, Tanks, Compressed-Air Water Cannon  Tree-Surgery and Brushcut Forest-floor surrounding my Hut & Clearing...  Also, I show the Spotfire I caught 75 yards from my boundary-fence 6 or 8 weeks ago - from an Ember-Attack off a Fire-Crew patrolling a 240-Acre Containment Burn they'd done 36 hours earlier ; they lit up an unburned  patch of dead Bladey-Grass, the wind doubled in strength, swung 45° towards me ; and the Ember travelled 925 yards to light up the Spot...  Close call.  I used a 16-litre Backpack which lives in my  vehicle, having no time to start a Pump or unroll a Hose.  My Son was Captaining the Firetruck (he's a Group Officer...) ; so it was good for the Crew to see him roll out to back up DaddyWarbles, when  down to his last 3 litres.., but the Spot contained !).  Feel free to peruse the Uploads (& Playlists), checking out the Kangaroos & Wallabies ; they treat me as their family's pet Tame Human.  One Playlist is,  "Solo Hazard-Reduction Burn-Program..."  Tutorials & Demonstrations since 2015 - so the change in Fire Behaviour may be observed ; reflected in what size area I used to be able to  burn, control, and extinguish, solo...., by my calculations Fire Behaviour is 6 times  (600%) more intense & extreme than itvwas only a decade ago...  Due to low Soil Moisture, and dessicated Vegetation as well as dead dry fully-cured Fuel ; except when it's too wet to burn...  Which is a worry...  But, anyway, good luck with teaching people who are apparently used to having Vinyl Guttering &  Now (you tell me...!) Vinyl Window-Frames (!!!!) Are wondering why their  Wooden Houses flashed to  Ashes in a 50 to 100 mph Wind-driven Ember-Attack by Air at 10% Relative Humidity...  And, they're  "Surprised !"  That no Commercial Insurance Company would  Accept ANY Amount of Money as a Premium for Insuring their  Combustible Nest-Structures, Against Fire...  Which apparentmy occurred 6 months ago, during a Heatwave and when the Annual Rains had  Failed and the Drought was  Ready to be Declared....  How "very strange", that nobody wanted to be paid $10,000 to be responsible for rebuilding a House "Valued" at a million Dollars, should there ever be a Fire there, on a hot windy day, in a Wind-Tunnel lined with fully-cured Bushfire Fuel, augmented by Plastic Hydrocarbon solid-state Accelerant - which will then ROAR...! Like a Blast-Furnace, Until the Wind stops.   Anybodybwould think the Directors of the Insurance Companies were paid to NOT Insure against ANYTHING  Which is at all, ever, LIKELY to occurr...  And this Fire, in light of Global Temperatures,  Was Predictable, long forcast, Foreseeable to the point that 70% of the Policies had lapsed & been declined, by the day of the Fire.  Insurance is NOT Charity...;  Insurance is a Profit-making Busyness-Model  Based upon monetising the  Individual CitiZen's Fear of Bad things Happening....  And assuring them that  If that does, against all odds,  Happen anyway - then the CitiZen will be insured against any sense of monetary loss from the untoward event...; for a small annual Premium Price, the Shareholders will receive a Dividend every year the salaried Statistical Actuaries are Correct. And the Insured-Event fails to happen.  If I'd bought Fire Insurance..., by now they'd have dropped me - but for the sake of Argument - then based on $500 for $10,000 worth of Cover on a Bush Shed for   a year, which was available in 1994 - afjusted for Inflation - then over the 30 Years I'd have paid them about $30,000 - $20,000 at a minimum - and I'd have no Fire-Hose Collection.  As it is, I have $17,000 worth of Fireplan technology  on the Lawn, installed and ready to pump Water.  And the Shareholders made no money from my worries regarding being burnt-over.   It isn't Rocket Surgery (!).  Such is life,  Have a good one.....  Stay safe.  ;-p   Ciao !
8:30 he said STUCCO SERVED AS A FIRE BLOCK
Meaningful video... thanks
Is this for real?? 🧐
The house shown around time mark 10 minutes. Notice the natural gas meter in that is located away from the house and is enclosed on three sides by the cement/block fence.
Those people will never be allowed to move back in their homes. This is my opinion and many other people see it. When will the truth be told
I live in Boulder where we had this kind of winter dry tinder, high wind fire 3 years ago. But this is 15 times larger. OMG. I know LA well and even rented a house that is now gone in Altadena.  The scale of this fire is just amazing and one thing that I think about in my thoughts about defending against a fire here again is that many materials cannot take the heat of the temperatures of these fires. We build with so many synthetic materials that will just revert into volatiles.  I am definitely looking at a metal fence gap to replace my cedar picket fence against my home.  The problem will all this is cost. It costs a lot of money.  The cost of climate change is being realized in real dollars.
Great post! Don't forget about the incarcerated (especially incarcerated youth) fire fighters!!
Bible says about wise and foolish man:  Matthew 7:24-27: "Everyone who hears my words and does them is like a wise man who built his house on a rock. The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house; and it didn't fall, for it was founded on the rock. Everyone who hears my words and doesn't do them will be like a foolish man, who built his house on the sand. The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house; and it fell—and great was its fall".  US is prone to wildfires and tornadoes, yet they continue to use wood from floor to ceiling and walls… NEVER LEARNED!!!
Siding must be concrete board
I've been a carpenter for over 40 years and it's my understanding that California banned Hardie board years ago for some reason and now I guess they wish they hadn't
As an architect he did not build anything.
Wake up the houses left will be gone The evil elite want to build smart cities all the homes will be gone. It is easier to build their new cities with flat land. The government can control the weather when are people going to wake up to truth. They told us we will be happy owing nothing.  Hawaii NC tenn now California  They want the land.
Homes that were spared in the fire zones did not have Directed Energy Weapons pointed at them.
I live on the outskirts of Melbourne Australia and I am gob smacked at how CA houses have little defence. We are in a high fire risk zone and when we renovated our house (knockdown and rebuild) we had to meet several fire regulations. 1000L water storage tank that collect rain water with an attachment for fire engines, Steel Roofing (colour bond). We also used Hebel instead of brick which apparently repels heat better which help us meet the fire safety rating. Our State also conducts burn offs regularly. You cant stop the fires especially when people are lighting them (50% of bushfires in Oz are deliberately lit) but you can reduce the risks and improve defence,
Thank you Matt.  When we moved into our current home in 2002, under HOA rules all homes had to have wood shake roofs, no ifs and or buts.   We live on 1+ acre parcels in the forest and I have 87 Douglas Fir trees on my acre. The first year I was a PITA at the HOA board meetings. I argued the facts of how a fire jumps from a wood shake roof to the trees and then from the trees to the next wood shake roof but the little Napoleon's in power would not listen.   I demanded that we have a special HOA meeting with a quorum of the 105 home owners. I then asked the local Fire Marshal to attend that meeting and we had videos to show how bad Wood Shake is in the forest. Called the vote and it was like 95 for changing the rules, 5 voted to keep the shake roofs and 5 abstained.   It was 6 weeks later my roof was replaced by a Class 1 GAF triple layer roof. Withing 10 years there were only 5 Shake roof and now just 2.
Just build with bricks and concrete. Not only in fire prone areas. If your wooden house gets destroyed in minutes, not only by bush fires but also by a simple electrical fault or similar, then what is the point. This part of L.A. has small plots, houses stuck together closely, all wooden. Of course the whole area will burn down. And then a builder will show you expensive solutions to protect your wooden home, when the underlying structure is made literally from paper. It's like you are morbidly obese but there are expensive drugs to keep you alive. Just lose the weight.
The LA fires are not typical. Metal and concrete are twisted and reduced to rubble; cars melted. Trees and plastic bins next to, beside and cascading over  these fires are hardly affected. If you don't see this I envy you.
External sprinkler systems on the roof works.
melted car (not natural) but GREEN TREES, plants & lawns, untouched. . some people were on the list not to torch. .there are 150+ US patens on weather manipulation. .so they could make it rain within an hour, dissolve hurricanes & tornadoes..but they don´t. instead they plan, ignite storm (fire, floods, fog, earthquakes, winds), amplify em, redirectm hold em in place longer for maximum destruction. .and in Paradise, ca DEW attack along w/snipers onfire trucks to target people trying to escape their cars that were being laser torched. . no survivors. .west NC, East Tenn currently freezing in tents flooded structures or trailers.. NO HELP AT ALL. alll and grabs and culling the people, like theslaughter gcide inGaza. .75% of pop is under 24. est slaughter toll at 300,000 just in Gaza. . .demons in human bags doing ALL of it
The lesson is don't ever mock Christ our lord and Savior or you feel his holy righteous wrath! And Hollywood and Los Angeles have definitely felt it.
2houses side by side:1 house had a lithium battery smart meter.. burned to the ground. House 2 survived- NO SMART METER
no overhangs is key
I think it is possible to protect hauses and other things with big tarps of asbestos or any other fireproof materials
Two words. Blue Roofs
Hey dude 100 mph winds is not a category 5 hurricane 😂😂
Large numbers of houses built to California's Chapter 7A standards burned in the Palisades fire. Class A roofs, non-combustible exterior cladding, screened vents, everything. Burned to the ground. The one, absolutely crucial thing I have yet EVER to see mentioned in any text or video sources on fire resistant construction is the importance of meticulous attention to construction detail so there aren't 1/4" gaps here, there, and everywhere. My house (in the WUI/HFSZ), built in the mid 1980s, has ember gaps all over it, which I need to spend a week filling. Build quality is just as important as all those other things everyone's talking about.
L.A. always has every year high chances that there could be a fire,, when did this happen again that "again" houses where burned to the ground?? if you take 2 time in 2 years the 17 million dollars that should go for clearing the woods and this happens y'll only need too look and point fingers at it's the california goverment.. stop letting your goverment repeat the cicle every 10 to 20 years.. fuck this limbo shit
The people here and there that homes didn't burn will make millions on the offers they will receive from builders wanting to build large apartments to house more people
.. one of the houses that survived  at Pacific Palisades had just purchased a portable high pressure water system pump connected attachments to their pool & was able to save his & a neighbors house by dousing it & emptying both their pools ..   While the other houses down the hill burn down with their pools still full of water
You know, there's still a lingering 'disadvantage' to having your house survive a fire like this: the destroyed neighborhood surrounding it. When the entire neighborhood around you burns to the ground there's no community, no context, no beauty, and no social structure left. What remains is your house left sitting in a scene out of a smoking Armageddon. Suddenly your neighbors and your memories of them and of the neighborhood in the past are all in the past. Much of the foliage is burned away and gone. The familiarity is gone and what's left is a wrecked moonscape. The corner mall where you maybe did much of your regular shopping is probably gone too, as are various other former conveniences. The area is largely silent and dead around your surviving house.  So even for someone whose house survives if it is the only one nearby which did it's going to be its own kind of weird and isolated trauma coming back to that surviving house and WANTING to continue living there since it's now been translplanted into such wrecked and (at least initially) abandoned terrain. Imagine having no neighbors, no ordinary neighborhood traffic, no familiar neighborhood sights, sounds, and smells any more. Maybe there are even no birds around for a while, etc. And then, if you decided you couldn't stand continuing to live an an abandoned, burned-out mauseleum of a neighborhood bereft of its comforting surrouding environment and conveniences, imagine trying to SELL your surviving house to some buyer who would face the same stark circumstances upon moving in. I suppose the only selling point would be getting along the the neighbors is not a problem when there are none. And then too I wonder if a single house left standing in a burned-out neighborhood might not be a target for future crime due to its occupants' newfound isolation. There is no neighborhood watch factor any more when there are no neighbors, etc.
I couldn't understand all the homes that had so much overgrowth and brush around them, being so dang close to each other too. Get rid of all that dry stuff and debris! Things would have been way different if the city and homeowners cleaned up these wildfire danger areas previously.
As a person with little money...im surprised more ppl did not install  5k dollar pool pumps to protect their multi million dollar houses 😮
The timber on the front of the that house might be Japanese Larch, as a laminate it is very fire resistant
May I ask why ,it seems the houses do not have concrete posts?The houses burned are on the ground level.?no digging was made for posts. Thank you.❤️
Um as someone who lives just a few miles from the hurricane Hugo landfall, I can unequivocally tell you that 100 mph is Cat 2 (96-110 mph). Cat 5 is 154+ mph. The fires are indeed bad, as are Santa Anas, but please check beforee making a statement like that. Neither burning nor drowning is pleasant, and general electrical fires can occur in hurricanes, as can EVs battery house fires from garages flooded in salt water. (As a side note, when I was a kid, the town pyro threw a match in my shirt. I still can't use cardboard matches. *And* I come from a family of professional sailors, so grew up with water safety knowledge.)
Fuel control is difficult for California homeowners because we're not allowed to buy gasoline powered small engine equipment.  Lawn mowers, brush cutters, weed trimmers, chain saws, tree pruning saws, etc..........all illegal to buy or sell.  This applies to commercial landscapers, also.   And, no, batteries cannot do the job.   Therefore, people have just skipped it for the last couple of years.   A lot of people have no idea how messed up this state is.
Let me make this clear to those that aren't aware, you can't use concrete in an earthquake zone.
install a 5000gal tank, install sprinklers,  run.
I have an outdoor fireplace in eastern Washington,  with a 1/4" mesh over the chimney. I haven't burned down the neighborhood yet. The small embers go out before they reach the ground. I like those screens. Good idea. Also the aluminum window frames are a good idea. I took notes.
Question... The Lahaina fire in Hawaii had one house undamaged... Reportedly FEMA tore down... Will this or these be tore down also even though they survived the LA fires
Use 🧱 bricks to built All houses  USA woodhouses are overpriced
I still can`t believe american diots pay hundreds of thousands for stick-built sheds, and call them houses. Truely mentally challenged.
dude the houses are mostly stucco down here, if they would have blocked off the attic and crawlspace vents it would have been a way different story. home owners arent involved out here. the north end of san bernardino is full of people who block off their vents.
Stating the obvious while the fires still rage is a bit insensitive.
Due to the facts that most of the hosues build from wood it the wind doesn't matter. Wood burns quickly!!!  Concert & steel doesn't burn!!! There are concert house system they also stand  earthquake level 7. Window shutters made from stell and no problem with any flying embers.  You welcome to receive more details about our house system.
theres a wood that do not fueled fire that is its literally did not burning unless together with other subtances. theres a "fireproof grade" lawn which usually allowed to be planted eg inside the area of gas processing plant,
And no gutters?  Gutters are supposed to save a house but due to collection of flammable twigs it can set house on fire.  Are gutters going out of fashion or is it because they are avoiding the roof overhang?
As a Gazan whose home was burned by the Israeli occupiers and who lost 2 brothers, I extend my deepest sympathy to the victims of the California and Los Angeles fires. I realize that the deliberate genocide of slaughtering and burning Gaza’s children and shelters with US missiles sent by the Biden-Blinken-Harris administration cannot be compared to natural disasters.  The value of a human being is the same, regardless of his color, race or position.
green trees still standing but homes/structures INCINERATED from teh inside out. .SMART meters ignited/triggered, frequency weapons
Watch a Brush Junkie video.
not wildfire zones. . in DEW PLANNED ATTACK ZONES
Their houses are not fire proof
Ok, so for not being burn by DEW, you have to be a Tom Hanks or you house should be brand new, made with concrete and metal on the roof and not be in a zone for smart City, got it, Thanks!
So interesting!!!! Thank you!
I dont know where I saw it, but I'm pretty sure the architect said the siding was heat treated wood or something, maybe like Shou Sugi Ban.
There are much more houses which survived in there.
In regards to the Eaton fire, that burned down ~2/3rds of Altadena. That suburban area, goes back to the early 1900s. Some parts back to the 1880s. Lots of vegetation. Most of it not native to that area. Most noticeably, high density of trees, that over shadow the roofs, and form a canopy over the narrow residential streets. A mix of broad leaf (oaks and maples) and tall pine trees. Lots of fuel, a few breaks. Built not just up to the wild hill country, but well into it.
Build 100% out of concrete. Then the insurance companies would change legislation to make fire coverage mandatory.  They dont give a sh*t about people. They care about margins and the shareholders. They only need you to pay the shareholders.
Fire was the first element that humans learned how to manipulate, leading them down an alternate evolutionary path.  For some reason, humans are too stupid to plan ahead and develop fireproof buildings.  Or worse, humans are more concerned about the outer aesthetic and dismiss a fireproof home because the style is too pedestrian for their caviar taste. Instead, they choose beauty over safety.  The other problem is the incompetent fools making decisions for the people.
No shit. Wooden houses burn? How long did it take to have this epiphany?
Why anybody in the right mind still builds wooden house in fire-prone area?
Would a ICF built house survive?
Im an engineer and a contractor from LA. I have to say it’s incomprehensible to me that a lot of people think building to code is equivalent to building a good house. I try to explain to them that  building to cod is your base minimum. I know the homes that Matt builds is out of budget for a lot of people especially here in California. But still there are upgrades that are worth the initial investment.  One such small upgrade is to use Vulcan Flame Resistant Vents instance of regular vents.
Why did I type the exact headline and YouTube refused to show this video. I had to do a search on google to find this video. I'm going to guess that there is vital, informative and good advice that anyone who CAN, would be able to use to help themselves.
Do NOT use coconut fiber door mats. They are ember magnets and will catch fire. Then they set your door on fire. Then your house.
wow get this info to the Mayor ASAP! she was on air saying how confident she is they can rebuild while addressing some of the shortcomings they've discovered in the reoccurrence of these wildfires! start with stucco buildings and metal roofs, concrete perimeters... and fill the reservoirs! 🤷‍♀️
If you don't know your history of California, and you continue to rebuild in the Land of Diminishing Returns, you deserve this. And good luck moving here. Realtors in this area are organizing to insure we're not getting crop dusters. The exodus won't affect our politics.
75 deaths??? heard there is 24 but maybe the number is up.
I can build a fireproof home if I had millions of dollars!!!! $$$$$
My heartfelt condolences. May you find the strength and resilience to rebuild swiftly. And please remember the suffering of the people in Gaza who have lost everything more.   Let's pray for improvement in the coming days. May this disaster not stem from any conspiracy... A theory suggests that the global elite intentionally burned LA to develop the "Smart City" project, making it exclusive to the elites and the richest.
I saw a video yesterday of a family who purchased a generator and a water pump and saved their house by using their swimming pool, then they took their generator and pump to a couple's neighbor's houses and helped save them. 50 years ago there were fire breaks cut into the hills above Palisades and other places, the scouts used to go out in the summer to help keep them cleaned and maintained. The state of California stopped maintaining them because they believed it interfered with the migration pattern of some mouse, I'm not kidding, you can't make this stuff up!
If I had a swimming pool, I'd have a drip/spray system on the roof fed by the pool. Battery powered, solar charged so it's always ready.
Swimming pool water could have been used - they all should have had pumps. And all the mansions along the coast, why were pumps not used for the sea water.?..
Thank you for this very helpful information. I can’t help but to think of the three little pigs and whose house stayed up. Thinking smart and preparing the home is key.
What a wonderful man and what an excellent presentation! Not because the quote came from the Bible but simply because of its beauty and the innate compassion which caused him to include it, made me tearful.
concrete. it just works
I love watching your channel I use alot of what you do on my house I'm building and I have a family of 8 so here on my property I'm trying hard to make it fire ready
Thank you Matt for the shoutout to the men and women fighting these fires!
20:10 .. or on top of the chimenea..
Looks like a gas meter out front lower left.
Christ's cleansing, fiery Wrath will Not and Cannot be Stopped by building "science."
As someone who grew up in a beautiful home in a forested property in Washington State, I was always afraid of fires, obviously.  But I never ever even thought about the embers! At all. Even with all the campfires I have had. Those embers are crazy with the wind!
The neighbors garage is a structure that is very near to the back of the architect’s house. If it has caught fire it might have exposed their house to further challenges. Looks as if a lot of the trees did not burn in the parameter space too.
"Fire torch" I saw a picture. It seemed like a small propane portable tank with a valve.
Lava rock should be used instead of wood chips for landscaping out there.  I know that probably wouldn’t prevent the fire from high winds but it would be one less thing to catch fire around the house.
Retired UK Building Surveyor and Engineer here . Checked out your Building Regs ( Codes) and can only say that we have not built this way in the UK since 1666 when the Great Fire destroyed London . Even Class A construction would be un insurable in the UK .Timber frame construction is permissable here but the specs are much higher . Usually a render finish over metal lathing on 50mm mineral fibre insulation on a microporous fireproof wallboard , vapour barrier on timber stud or Seghal frame . One or 2 layers of Gyproc wallboard inside to achieve I hour internally . The product displayed is known here as expanded metal lathing by Expamet and available in galvanised or stainless Steel. Flat rooof dressing is known as " solar chippings ", usually of limestone used to protect 3 layer felt or bitumastic coatings .
Why is California using wood to make houses? Concrete would be best choice.
geoengineering doesn't help either
THANK YOU for doing your due diligence and researching these fires  vs houses thoroughly!  I found everything you said to be accurate to my knowledge. Thank you from Northern California 👏🏻👊🏻👍🏻🖖🏻✌🏻   (Yes, y'all, I have 8+ yrs of direct fire fighting experience, both structure and wildland. Education never ends :)
Walls can be concrete but the roofs are usually the weakest spots
just paint it blue
How ill informed you are about Tom Hanks . Wake up dude !
5:31 here’s a link for the mansion to the left of Tom Hanks house. $83 million I hope they had fire insurance 😢  https://youtu.be/vy-JUaqk1Y8?si=bnNE0GVd4DR2mMeV
Why do you suppose the natives used adobe and built residential in mountain cliffs. That area was once like LA is now. They grew crops below in the valleys.
Tl/Dr no Olights in the homes that made it.
Privately hired firefighters most likely  .
Wait til the "new" California building codes come out. Thats why newscum and fox were laughing. Its for the land like the other recent natural disasters across America with the land being stolen at dirt prices
Fires that melt cars but leave trees alone only happens in maui and commifornication.
There was also private firefighters hired to protect mansions
That old garage in the back looks intact.
Wouldn't these houses that were not destroyed have so much smoke damage that would make it impossible to live in them?
This could not have happened in Europe.  We use bricks and cement to build with, not cardboard or wood rubbish.
Great video!!!  Gotta get some of that mesh product.  I've been in the Communications Industry for decades. There is a problem with off shore counterfeit cabling. It's legal to sell and purchase it, but illegal to install it.  Even legit cables can cause fires to spread, but these counterfeit cables can cause a fire to spread through a building much faster and give off more deadly fumes.  Fire stop systems are taken very, very seriously in hospitals, but not so much in some other types of buildings.  Contractor education is lacking...many don't know that if you poke a hole in a fire rated wall it must be properly firestopped to a specific tested firestop system to bring it back up to its rating.  Or they may think they can put some red caulk in any penetration and they are good. Or they think they can put flammable spray foam in a hole.  Many contractors have zero training in this area.
Not sure where you get your information but a category 5 hurricane means that it has sustained winds of 157 mph. That's a whole hell of a lot more than 100 mph gusts.
Siding could be HardiePanel fiber cement in woodgrain texture and painted/stained like wood.
one question, been in construction my entire life 45+ years in and around the greater puget sound area, EVERYTHING about anything I built whether a church a costco, a safeway, commercial or residential it all had seriously strict fire code, and f measure were not taken to pass these codes either a permit would not be issued or an occupancy permit would not be released.. how is it in cali where fires are so prevalent why is it these homes are permitted with ZERO prevention released with absolutely zero fire measures taken?    I've seen some cali construction, lack of fire blocking, resistant materials in prone zones like kitchens so forth .. there is NO WAY in the puget sound would a permit be given to build ANYTHING in and around all that volatile material so close, that's just common sense!  and there would be future agreements as to how this volatile material would be suppressed at all times... zero landscape, homeowner or homeowners association would be responsible for keeping buffers clear or face MASSIVE fines and possibly jail times if bodily injury occurs due to said volatile materials ..  the county would be responsible for keeping extremely dangerous wooded areas cleared back to a safe distance!      it peeves me to no end watching these homes and structures burn knowing it's absolutely in direct correlation to all the volatile materials in and around these homes especially after paradise officials allocated that disaster to:   "too much combustible material in and around the homes, forests too close to homes, lack of fire suppression and prevention"  the forest burns, ignites the volatile material around the homes and there it is, too close to the homes and structures, with WINDS exacerbating these conditions!!!  not a single effort to push back these forests from these homes, NOT A SINGLE FIRE TRAIL CUT!  when cali officials know all too well how this works, hale they have a fire of this exact nature every year it seems?    whats going on here, why are they NOT cutting fire trails, pushing those trees and shrubs back and removing all this volatile materials that cause this destruction?  it's not rocket surgery!  in essence, why are they not following standard fire codes?  not to mention the fire suppression is extremely inadequate for these conditions?  PEOPLE, this is all on your leadership no two ways about it.. from issuing building permits to clearing volatile materials out and pushing forests back to safe distances..  every single avenue!!!   stand up and be counted, hold officials responsible on all avenues, especially fire prevention and suppression! all around these very volatile neighborhoods as they stand, there are literally hundreds scattered across southern and central california..  it's your lives and families at risk, your homes, not theirs! hold them accountable or take the measures yourselves!  especially those of you who live in neighborhoods as precarious as these that burnt up, get out and take these measures yourselves, neighborhood work crews so forth, hire if you have to.. cut the trees back in these forests yourselves, remove all the growth and all volatile combustibles that feed these fires!!!  if they fine you, fight back! if they try to stop you, fight back!!!  your reasoning for such actions are more than justified in taking these measures if they won't, kangaroo mouse be damned!
Container homes are the way to go
I studied firefighting for rattlesnake. If I'm correct, the winds go up the canyon in the late evening and down the canyon in the morming (not sure early or late morning). I do not know if that is all mountain winds or if it is localized, but it seemed from my online classes that it was just overall like that. So basically, depending on the time of day, winds will go up or down the canyons
Don't use any flammable materials including wood. Simple.
As an eurpean I can't understand why in fire prone area you americans keep building out of wood. Yes it's cheaper, yes it's faster but it's a fire-prone, thermites prone, flexing-prone, mold-prone material... Shocking to me ..
Near the cross of Jesus.,what happened to the crimenals?one is saved while other dead.Also amongst the 12 deciples,11 were saved but judas?Not forgetting what it is written, in Pharaoh's palace, both the servants were equally did wrong in the sight of king and imprisoned but one saved while one was beheaded.like wise some house was still intact_god does it. Let God name be exalted by all.
I heard a climate scientist say the Santa Ana winds have been made worse from the 1.5C warming so far, and unless geoengineering is seriously considered we will get to 2C to 3C before 2100.   I passed this video to my friend for rebuilding and hardening his Mom's house that survived.  Thanks Matt.
what does it take to build a red-brick house with concrete? its not rocket science.
Palm trees are like torches, obviously contributing to flying embers.
And people are still installing combustible insulation!
As for the house that survived I noticed how he didn't mention the garage behind the burnt car being untouched.  Like the guy said "luck". That's why the garage is still standing. Luck.
Ultra off topic here but… I was trying to watch the video on my TV using my Apple TV and after around 30sec. The audio switched to German out of the nowhere! I tired to switch it back to English with no luck at all. Not sure if this is a YouTube/Apple TV issue but just FYI
Like other here its tragic to watch, but hopefully this is the driver for significant change. Construction requirements are the only way to minimise destruction.  It seems that this type of wind driven fire on the urban interface is new. Maybe to the US but not Australia.  There is some famous footage from the Canberra fires in 2003 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IFEiwNMrZ8 clearly shows what I would say the equivalent or worse ember conditions than those shown in this video. So much great research education and now laws and standards already exist you don't even need to create them just adapt !
In Australia our land around bush is assessed for insurance risk and if building use a building code that is pretty specific when it comes to materials. House sidings Hardy plank which is like a cement planks. Aluminum or hard word windows. Colorbond steel roof and gutter guard. If on water tanks 25,000 liters of fire water storage with access for fire trucks. Fire pump and hose or like me sprinklers around house and roof and gravel or dirt against building.
Tom is a p wierdo
You video snippets are not very good. No information out of them (you might give enough context, but don't play enough to show whatever it is you were trying to show). And 60 min? Maybe find some more real media clips, not paid actor types?  This 2nd house we're looking at looks like whatever the builder did, helped the 10% of luck it had left. It was not going to not burn. You said 1200F? The items inside would have spontaneously combusted, like on every other house within the fire videos I saw happen. Actual houses catching fire just from the heat of the neighboring home. The trash can would've even melted... but it got no heat. The fire for some reason just didn't blow to the house. Very lucky, with a little bit of material resistance is the only reason this house is standing. [it seems] And no insulation? Did I hear that correctly? I could be way off, but I thought that was code to have insulation. I mean you mentioned 70F plus/minus 20 degrees... 25F to 50F is a lot less than -20, and 90F to 115F is a lot more than +20. Sure some of those extremes are more rare than others, but they still happen, almost every year. I am more inland, so we get those extremes more often. Either I didn't understand something, or something's off.
Click bait. You did not build them
Born and raised in Southern California saw many fires like this 100's of tract homes burned up. When get dry high winds fire starts up wood homes become the fuel and just jumps from house to house as the embers fly. Problem is always the same once it gets going not much they can do until the fuel runs out.
this is what i was honestly wondering when i saw what was left behind
Blue roof?
It's tile that looks like wood
I am looking at possibly moving to Texas, from Oregon, I'm in one of the area's that had to be evacuated from the wildfires...When we came back there was evidence of burning embers all over out house, BUT we have a metal roof and because the house is old we also have either concrete or asbestos siding...The house was untouched by the fire...but the smoke damage was pretty intense...we left so fast we accidentally left a window open...it was facing away from the direction of the fire but the smoke still got in..   Anyways a lot of the Texas homes I have looked at either have no fence or a wooden fence. I'm thinking of putting up a 4-6 foot cinder block , rebar and concrete fence...and for the gates I would like to use whatever that mesh is...And a metal roof for the house and detached shop or building if there is one...I noticed carports are also a thing so that's another area I'd use metal on... and in the panhandle the wind I've heard is an issue so taking steps to secure against tornado would be a helpful video as well...
The high wall separating the property of Tom Hanks is what we call a FireWall. Stops the fire from easily spreading across. That height is important too, in addition to providing privacy.
5ft defensible space means very little when wind strength is this high.  If you go camping and make a fire the ember routinely travel much further than 5 ft from a simple camp fire. Magnify the fire strength by 1000 and you would need 500+ ft perimeter. This is fine for a mansion with acreage but for the typical or upper middle class it is simply not feasible.  This is of course ignoring other combustables like gas lines or EV/ Gas vehicles.
When earthquakes happen, concrete and brick kill.  My wooden house could fall off its foundation (it won’t but assume liquefaction breaks the footings)  and I probably would survive inside it (unless I was under the chimney). Flying embers getting into the structure are a problem.
Any Illuminati members houses burnt?
Around here (British Columbia, Canada) both the fire departments and the public still seem fixated on FireSmarting homes. Nothing more. This involves removing combustibles from the perimeter and creating a 'defensible space'. What they don't understand is that a 'defensible space' only reduces risk and allows room for firefighters to work. It definitely helps to remove combustibles, but between ninety and approaching one hundred percent of all structure ignitions are caused by wind-blown firebrands (embers). If your home is not tight, if there is one little 2-3mm gap anywhere in the roof system or siding or crawl space, embers will find their way inside and ignite the nearest combustible materials. Without meticulous attention to these details your home *will* burn.
Modern homes in Germany are frequently built from a brick masonry formed of sand and limestone, along with asphalt roof tiles.  The thickness of load-bearing walls is not less than 150 mm, and partitions - 100 mm. Communication systems and wiring are mounted in protective boxes, in the middle of the panels.
Here's a question.........you can put all the effort into the home, but in this case.....if it stands after the fire, being only 60% damaged and being amongst all the burned out neighbors and watching construction for 5-10 years around you on a brown mountain.......dosnt matter because who wants to live there
Matt, thanks for your wisdom and love!
Tom Hanks supports Palestinian cause. Allah saves his house.
that is an electic vehicle that melted the rims.
in our area tom's house could be a hospital
No Matt, we do not all love Tom Hanks
Those screens you mentioned are even better when dual layered.  The outer screen acts as a blocker and the inner,  the ventilation.  This really helps to block the embers.
Concrete isn't good for earthquakes.
No fire around Tom's house which is why there's trees around it. Soft defences were not tested at all
It looks like his house is on a cliff?  Looks kind of unstable?  It's beautiful but I wouldn't want a house on the edge of a cliff?
In BC (Canada), in rural areas without fire hydrants, the new code is to have a indoor sprinkler system with an internal tank (tank has to be kept warmer than 10C).  I pretty much don't like that idea, because of water damage to the inside of the house.  The likely start of a fire would be inside the house.  The likely place of a fire would be the stove/ventalation area.  So why not a commerical sprinkler for over the stove.  Yes and installing those screens you mentioned. What about some type of external demister? Some cities use these to cool the area of a downtown. When people leave for a fire, turn on the demister (atomizes the water droplets the pulses every 1-2 min).  A pump that is on battery back up for when the electrical supply fails. A 4 day supply tank (size depends on size of house).  A layered defense, 1. immediate area around house, 2. the material used for roof and walls, 3.  external Demister/sprinkler for a house during forest fire. Another thing for window, could be metal shutters to protect the windows and window frames. The one thing most people have in their yards are trees.  A burning tree falling over the roof.  You could run a mini- doc on " disaster proofing the house", of course this is all better from planing this into the house from the beginning. Earthquake, fire, internal fire, floods.  One trend I see is alot of building channels with crawl spaces or basements filled with gravel.  Put in a water containment tank (from rain) to be used for gardens or sprinklers systems.
In many homes that burnt, the only thing standing was the brick built chimney. Why not build with brick?
In the fires we had in Kelowna, BC in 2023, I had friends saying they had sparks coming down almost 10 km from the fire.
Never heard of wood being for proof 😂
Notice the trees 🌳 are still green that car melted just like in Hawaii fire
That wood siding looks like faux wood cement fiber board by the CereClad company. Very good looking product and obviously a very smart choice. Worth the money for sure. Great Video.
Hindsight is a wonderful thing and we all wish we have it
I have been asking why some houses survived and others didn’t so found this excellent.   Love the Bible verse too !    Clearly man is struggling to deal with this by their own devises
Thanks
100mph is Cat2 not Cat5 Hurricane winds, might wanna know what you are talking about at the start if your video
That demo @4:30 is irrelevant with these fires.  Most of the homes caught fire due to the giant embers flying through the air.
stucco, tiles and fireproof drywall, there is EVERYTHING in materials to build everything totally fireproof, from cladding to fireproof soffit and screening and fire proof coated wood trusses, how far do you want to go?  in cali?  the distance, your elected officials are NOT going to do anything to keep this combustible material away from your home cuz a mouse means more to them than YOU!  and the water to put out a fire? good luck, go the distance! piss them off cuz they cannot snag your property for cheap!   remember anyone can build an entirely fire resistant home that looks like any other home, it's all available on the market, after the Paradise fire, absolutely!  and if you decide to build or own around or near so much volatile material in a such a dry climate? do all you can do to prevent and resist!!!
Thank you for sharing this very important information, so that we may do better now and in the future, to prevent loss.
The one culprit of the fires nobody talks about is the invasive golden grass that covers the hills of California which were planted by early Spanish settlers for their livestock. Even if the forests were managed correctly you would still have issue with fires because the invasive grass is dry and highly flammable which makes it the primary source of fuel for the fires in places like the Pacific Palisades where there aren't dense forests. Native California grass aren't as flammable because their deep roots hold more moisture and native California tress also are resilient to fires that's why you see so many of them survive around homes that have burned down. The solution is to remove the invasive grass along with every invasive plant and tree species that aren't native to California, the work has to be divided between every California County and City.  Building codes need to be updated to require metal roofs on all structures. Key West has required Metal roofs on all structures the great fire of Key West in 1886. A water system that allows for water to fall all along the sides of the structures like a small water fall with the water collected in gutters at the bottom of the house for reuse to provide constant flow of the water fall without the need for more water would be another layer of protection against the fires.
The one house had the gas meter boxed in along the fence line. Gas meters are known combust when heated. One fireman used milk and beer to cool off a meter that was connected to a house, and the house was saved.
It is a pool of lead from the battery in the rear.
This story sums up all : https://youtu.be/MfjR9KxSMeo?feature=shared
In 2022, Portland Oregon released a statement that over 50 percent of the fires the PFD responded to were homeless initiated.  Bend Oregon recently reported similar numbers.  Why would LA be any different?  In January, the nighttime temps are in the 40's.  People living under a bridge, or in the woods get cold, so they start a fire.  These folks need proper shelter - a solution is needed to replace sanctuary states.
That's not a house it's a hospital 😅the vanity of these rich spoiled people
Not building your houses out of kindling also helps.
Toms house was surrounded by green trees which were close to his house . What is bizarre is that the trees did not burn .
I thought Hanks moved out of California to Greece some years ago when he got worried about politics.
Weird, but all tge houses filmed roof burnt first 😊
I noticed his smart gas meter isn’t near the house.
I know the media in CA kept reporting abiut the high winds, BUT people who live in LA County KNOW that it wasn't until Tues EVENING that the super, high winds started.  Next to no winds on Wed, and none on Thurs and Fri.  So that video you showed is onky representative of the winds on Tues evening.
Man, I really wonder what I could do to retrofit my built in the 70's home to maybe survive a fire. There might be some fire resistant paint but I wonder how much that would cost compared to covering the wood cladding with a couple inches of stucco.
This wasn't a wildfire. Concrete homes with metal roofs in Lahaina were reduced to ashes on August 8 th , and some wooden homes with wooden roofs and wood shingles 10 feet away were completely unharmed ! Trust me when I say with this type of home to home destruction done on an individual basis , it doesn't appear to matter what your house is made of. If they want to burn your house to the ground , there are ways to do it no matter what the house is made of or what kind of shingles you have. That doesn't mean you can't try and protect your home from natural fires , of course you can. I'm just saying what happened in LA last week and what happened in lahaina doesn't appear to me to be natural. This new type of unnatural arson  appears to be able to burn just about  any type of home .
I recommend the film the LAFD made after the Bel-air fire in 1961. On YT - LAFD: "Design For Disaster" - The Story of the Bel Air Conflagration | 1962
Earthquake country so concrete would be problematic.
100 MILE AN HOUR WINDS  DON'T START  FIRES   I BELEIVE PEOPLE PURPOSELY DID  SOME ARE MANY MILES APART
Well if the brush were cleared.  Well if the budget of the fire department hadn't been gutted. Well if there was water in the resevior.
I'm no expert to anything. I think they need to make new design waterline and sprinkler over the roof so when there is a wildfire coming, they just turn it on to water their roof and sprinkler on their lawn. And for the govt. They need to use those sea water in a good use. Pump it over the hills when wildfires hits.
AFRICAN MUD HOMES IS FIRE PROOF,  WE DONT PLASTIC TREE HOMES🙈🙈🙈🙈
How do the houses burn but not the trees and shrubs?
Great video. Thank you.
no new homeowners insurance is available in my area east of Sacramento. old policies are being canceled at renewal time.
This was intended in California to maximize loss and damage. Weapons, DEW, caused California's  destruction😢.
Greg is going to get busy.
For the record: A Category 5 hurricane has sustained winds of at least 157 miles per hour (mph). This is equivalent to 252 kilometers per hour (\(km/h\)).  A Category 1 hurricane has sustained winds of 74 to 95 miles per hour (mph). NOW that said, fire being pushed at 70 mph is devastating because it can carry embers over a mile easily.
Great video, especially for those that have no idea how to build fire resistant housing. I come from The Netherlands and we don't have space to spare when it comes to building houses. Most houses are connected or close to each other. The type of destruction seen in LA is just not possible in The Netherlands in the way we build.
It’s incredible that you do not see defensible space around 95 or 99% of the structures in these videos. Most homes have shrubs and trees close to their homes!  Didn’t homeowners know about fire risk when there is no rain for months at a time. We’ve been in this boat in Florida with the whole urban area being filled with smoke for days or weeks during times of drought from fires north of us. No surprise regarding the LA devastation. With hurricane Milton I had 125 mph wind Around my home for four straight hours, and it was a scary nightmare. I cannot imagine having the same thing happen with Fire! Absolutely unbelievable wind conditions!
Some had a sprinkler system they installed themselves around their house with independant water storage tanks.
ICF   IS ONLY 10 TO 30 %   MORE  BUILDERS DON'T SELL THEM SO RICH PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THEY HAVE A CHOICE ON BUILDING  THAT  $ 20 MILLION  HOME
California's may find it worthwhile to look at how we operate in my home state of New South Wales Australia.   We fairly regularly have massive wild fires that can last for many months some dozens of fires spread across the whole state, often made worse by our highly combustible eucalyptus forests.   We have a full time professional fire fighting force - NSW Fire and Rescue with 6,800 fire-fighters PLUS 5,891 volunteer Community Fire Unit members. PLUS the state wide Rural Fire Service that has 72,000 almost😮 entirely volunteer fire fighters. The RFS is well equipped and trained and is set up to fight mainly bush (wild) fires.   Volunteer Community Fire Units are equipped by F&R with a small box trailer, petrol (gas) fire pumps (to use swimming pool water) fire hoses, personal protection gear (uniform, goggles, face mask, boots). Each CFU is set up to protect the volunteers own and neighbours homes, they aren't deployed outside their local home area.     The goal is for F&R to follow the fire front as it moves along, the role of the CFU is to stay put at their homes, dampen down and clear flammable materials around homes before the fire front arrives, after the fire front moves on the CFU puts out spot fires.     In Australia we understand in a massive fire that a fire engine can't be outside every home and we as local residents have to do stuff for ourselves, ideally via a CFU.     We know through experience that once 2 or 3 fire trucks plug into our streets fire hydrants water pressure plummets. That's why petrol fire pumps to use swimming pool water are so important.     Do you have equivalent of our CFU's in American?
something to keep in mind. just because the outer surface will not burn doesn't imply it will not conduct the heat to the underlying layers. there is more to it than just warping fuel in aluminum foil to keep it from burning.
Steel melts or bends way above forest fire temperatures, same with melting engines and alloys. Every house has a blue and green garbage can left behind untouched. Survived homes didn’t have smart meters, some homes had fires that started inside. Let’s not play stupid and fail mental accountability. And do a test with I beams and concrete. Of course wood will burn.
Fires are racist. Dry winds lack diversity
I think the stucco side of the house saved it, had it been the same wood material on front, maybe things would have been different
Too soon, Matt. Don’t monetize on a tragedy while it is still taking homes and lives. At least wait until it is over man. YouTubers pffft
Fire prevention specialists call a wood fence that is connected to your house a "fuse". Time to get defensive & preventive on another design layer. Also note another detail on the Survivor home with near zero overhangs, no attic, concrete wall at the property line.  note the gas meter is easily accessible to be shut off in the event of a fire or earthquake.
What about SEEDING THE SKIES TO CREATE RAIN,,,,,,WHYIN GODs NAME HAVE THEY NOT DONE THIS ??? In MALAYSIA we use it in DUBAI it is done,,,,dry ice is shot into the clouds ,,,,if in equatorial desert climates it can be done why NOT in  CALIFORNIA,,,,,,WOULD HAVE BEEN EASIER AS ITS ALREADY WINTER THERE,,,,
I love that you mentioned the problem with vinyl windows in fire areas, because the replacement window industry is FILLED with companies that want to replace your old aluminum windows with vinyl.  Yes, they have options these days for special glass that reflects heat, etc.  But vinyl window frames can destroy your house if there is a fire nearby.  Special glass does no good if it's laying on the ground below your window!  We live in San Diego County in a fire prone area, and had our homeowner's insurance cancelled a few years ago.  We had to go with the California Fair Plan for fire insurance.  This is a high-risk insurance pool run by the state, but that and out supplemental (non-fire) premiums are actually lower than we were paying!  Fair plan rates your fire risk and charges accordingly.  We have their best rating because of all our defensive space.  They send out inspectors to verify that.    Everybody seems to be looking for someone to blame for the LA area fires, but most of that is ridiculous.  Governors do not control the weather!  The areas where the fires burned have no forests to "manage".  No leave litter to rake.  The native vegetation is all chaparral.  You could bulldoze those slopes, but then you would have horrific mud slides when it rains.  No amount of water squirted on your burning house is going to save it when you have 100 MPH gusts pushing the fire.  Fire departments and districts have been telling us how to make our homes more fire-resistant for years, but that's mostly ignored.  Most of the reckless disregard is ours.  Beyond that, I guess you could blame God for making Santa Ana winds.  We never had a fire disaster in January before.  I guess the climate scientists are right.  It's only going to get worse.  Prepare for it now.
In CA & other states 87% of the ground water is gone , the yard is ready to b lit up , stick built house needs to go , concerte , brick mortar needs to replace , its ember proof , the roof is concrete , no wood , plastic or resin , aluminium steel, concrete, bricks, blocks , pebbles , don't need any fire insurance .
CONCRETE AND STEEL    NOT TICKY TACKY  STICK BUILT HOMES
Hooray Matt! What a great episode! Just exactly what people need to see now. The firefighters deserve all the respect in the world.
TH's house WAS PROTECTED !!! See nothing in the GARDEN has burned either!  There is a buddy system going on. I have not seen any pictures of Big Rock, but my bet is it was saved.
I have found it odd that we have seen so many people's yards were on fire. I'm surprised that people had not cleared their yards of flammable materials.
We sent some firefighters from the Kitsap fire dept here in Washington ❤
MY HOUSE cant be Destroyed by anyTHING physical. .... because I DONT HAVE A HOUSE. AHAhaHAAHAHA
I am here in Southern California.  Born and raised.  Like a war zone.
Some towns in LA don’t allow an exterior fence or wall in the front yard of the home.   I hope they change the ordinance considering it offers fire protection.
I wonder what the "special underlayment" was in the metal roof of the second house. I need it.
I have Hurricane windows, and they are fantastic.   Tornadoes and hurricanes and a 2x4 can hit it at 400 MPH.  Beg to differ, Hurricanes can drive trees to fly from neighbor into yours.
I have a keen eye to notice the hedges around these surviving homes.    We think of plants as fuel for the fire, but plants are adapted to reflect heat.  It’s essential to their thermal regulation as a thing that sits in the sun all day.    Foliage is basically a mirror to infrared heat. So it shields whatever is behind it from the radiant heat.   It may be net protective, even though it dries out and then burns itself, but in many instances we see lots of unburned trees bushes and lawn in the aftermath of these fires.    The key is they have to be watered plants, and they also can’t be plants that have adapted to burn intentionally as part of their life cycle.   One way we can think about it, is how much thermal energy is release by a plant burning, as compared to how much thermal energy from an adjacent home is deflected by the plant.   Lessons in pyrogeography.
Hey Matt, you mentioned the distance between the houses as a prevention measure. I'm wondering about the opposite side though, houses that are connected or closer preserve heat better for the winter days. Is there any "best of both worlds" scenario?
You know how much more a house will cost. Especially with Trump tarifs cause our Canadian lumber is also going to be tarifed hard and price is going to go thru the roof so might have to build concrete sorry. ❤
This video is so useless , the poors can’t afford this stuff
Could it be Nichiha Vintage Wood fiber cement siding?
Somehow, the second house is not subjected to direct severed firestorms. Look at the adjacent garage structure in the back. It has exposed eaves and appeared to be in great shape. The trees still have leaves. It may be in the fire zone. But not directly in the middle of it. IMHO, the house skirted the fire and was directly immersed in it.
I wouldn't compare this to Katrina, though.  because government officials didn't respond until after a week.  Racism and classism played a part in the response. Bodies, were floating in the water for weeks. Prisoner's were let out and raping people in the superdome. People were living on top of the roof of their homes, for weeks. Texas wasn't as welcoming to the New Orleans natives, in the move. In the flooded water. And the levee's were outdated and in need of repair by like 3 decades ago....The problem is that america, needs more engineers in government  positions. Instead of the typical money hungry, all talk, no action politicians. The architectural design on homes in America needs to change, as well !.
Allot of the LA houses that burned were not thought of as wildland interface areas.  Here in Colorado the Marshal fire was mostly a fire burning through Neighborhoods.  So really all houses need to be fire hardened no matter where they are.
If you live in a fire furnerable area, you should use intumescent paint. It's not that expensive and it is better than most regular paint. Put it everywhere.
3:25 nah, not snowfall from hell. power of god burning la🙏
LA must be the only city in the world that has a fire!  Too bad, and so sad.  Life goes on.
You are number two channel on this subject. Now I know they didn't hit them with the lasers on purpose for a building design scam. Those two homes are not painted blue. They used the blue lasers to take out LA. Proven fact. Only the color blue doesn't get affected by the lasers but yet on the other channel. You can see where the laser stopped before getting to that house. The evidence was on the vehicle burned next to the wooden house. Really?
The house that did not burn has a siding that is a mix of concrete and and fibor.  The material can handle 2500⁰F.  The texture is designed to look like wood or all sorts other types of material.  These are actually a common type of building that has been replacing houses burned.  Would have been better done first.
metal roofs wouldnt get on fire mostly i think also brick house u chilling
I have lived in one of CalFire's highest fire risk neighborhoods in Northern California for over 25 yeas, we are a Firewise community and we border a State park on Reclamation land.  The past couple years we have been encouraged to remodel our homes to concrete or stucco siding, hardscape the 5 feet right up to the wall, and block in the eves, in addition to all the defensible space around each home.   Pretty sure California building code is getting updated to require non-flamable walls.  Brick is not a great option in earthquake areas.
ANTIFA burns cities too... except they do it with the PRAISE of DemocRATS
I don’t feel bad for anyone who can afford a home , people who can afford homes can afford to rebuild or buy new
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!!! THE FIRE WASNT EVEN ABLE TO BURN PLANTS AND TREES ALL OVER THE HOUSE THATS WHY THE HOUSE WAS NOT BURN. IF TREES WERE BURN DIFFINITELY THE HOUSE WILL BURN TOO...
you know what's really sad - look into how much these wildland firefighters are paid. Peanuts. You can make more working at McDonalds. edit -"The estimated total pay range for a Wildland Firefighter at US Forest Service is $18–$28"
Tom Hanks and family are practicing Orthodox Christians ...they pray the Rosary...thereby they were protected
People... in Latin America there are slums where millions of people lives. There is any sort of coding, regulation, nothing! I am 50 years old and at least in Venezuela there have never been a fire, nor in Colombia, Brazil. Those slums are twice as big as Los Angeles, massive! Never a single fire, why? because no one build with wood.
Timber homes are generally safer in an earth quack, a brick or stone house collapsing in an earthquake is potentially deadly.
The Democrats got exactly what they voted for. No need to pray god already answered.
Why would you watch legacy media? X has everything instantly.
Matt, have you gotten calls from these celebrities for quotes yet?
Hardie Board makes a  stained product.
Dont feel too bad... these wounds are self inflicted....
'California' knows how to mitigate the damage from these fires ..... it's just that no-one understands the deep corruption that flows between Cali politicians, real estate firms, developers and large land owners. Has always been that way since California's beginning  Two lines from famous movies> the DOLLARS, always the DOLLARS.... Hey Jake, it's Chinatown....
I hate to sound like a jerk, but I live in Lake County California, and there was a horrible fire here a few years ago. In Middletown california. And so there were a few houses in the canyon in Anderson Springs that survived, and they were wooden houses surrounded by pine trees. They should have burned. It turns out that it was a matter of wind that help them survive. There was nothing different or special about the builds, as a matter of fact they were using A-frame or similar 1930 style cabins. It was just pure luck
Lots of good points, you are my favorite builder!
How about Hardie Board siding, metal roofs and outdoor sprinkler systems around the homes and on the roof.
Floridian here.  100mph is a cat 2 hurricane. Andrew was 165mph sustained, with higher gusts /cat 5
Skylights are an interesting question. How would you protect the glass from breaking and being an open door for a wild fire or even an hurricane?
LA will really need to think about everyone of these buildings that they rebuild full fire protection .
Fire blowing at Cat 1 hurricane strength winds is absolutely horrifying
Pray for the firefighters in the air and on the ground. 🧑🏾‍🚒👲🏾🙏🏾and the police - all first responders
The fire didn’t reach Tom’s house, that definitely saved it.
Built with wood, shouldn't be surprised. What surprise me is windows are not tempered glass, even China use tempered glass as minimum standard
Finally, a helpful video for rebuilding LA to be more resistant to wildfires in the future!
they sings
they  play  karaoke
Everyone has 20/20 hindsight, but why haven't those folks learned their lesson by now? 24/7 fire teams in the mountains when these conditions exist..........and especially when there was a previous fire in that area.....why wasn't it monitored?  Would it be expensive?....pennies compared to this tragedy
Dry landscapes we did that at our house
Wildfires typically have a disproportionate destructive impact on residential buildings when they occur. There are many factors that need to be addressed when looking at how to reduce the destruction experienced by houses during wildfires, and an unfortunate reality is that it is very difficult to sufficiently overcome the vulnerabilities in many existing homes, as their very design and construction is what makes them essentially fire tinder. New construction allows for design approaches to incorporate features more commonly found in non-residential projects, however, this does little to help the vast majority of homes. Designing for wildfires is relatively straightforward, as the design challenges being dealt with are known and predictable: combustion and heat management are the two factors that need to be addressed across the entire continuous building envelope. In LA, the Getty Museum is a great example of a project designed for wildfires. The project was designed from the outset with the goal of being able to shield art in-place. Materiality was a major part of the design, focusing on using non-combustible materials. A challenge in a country like the US, and no doubt others, is that into the future areas exposed to the risk of wildfires will continue to increase in number, and the dark reality is that homes that exist in these areas now, which will constitute the bulk of housing stock into this approaching future, don’t stand a chance against a wildfire. Homes in Massachusetts aren’t designed to withstand wildfires, yet we already experience them. Until we start to see adoption and implementation of more rigorous code requirements for residential construction, and we have programs aimed at helping homeowners retrofit existing homes, it’s difficult to see how this isn’t going to be something we see repeat itself over and over again.
Thanks Matt.  I’m currently building in Los Angeles. Beverly Hills.   I’m doing an unvented attic - learned here.  Was rejected by city planning 2x (corrections insisting I must have ventilation) before I broke down the code for them in a line by line explanation of what and how an unvented attic met R806.4. They just don’t see it very often/ we’re not familiar. Your videos gave me the confidence to push. Thanks.   Local ordinance does NOT allow paving with 5’ of the front of the house in Bev Hills.  Likely done to avoid driveway paving gaudy-ness,  but it’s prescriptive and a pour prescription. Gravel is considered paving.  Makes fire hardening tough.   I will share the links/video with city planners so they can see for themselves the benefits of the gravel zone.  Perhaps we can help change.   Stop by any time if you’d like to take a look. Just wrapping up framing before roughs, and considering adding dens glass/ dens deck in critical areas to create more hardened structure.  One last thing. The winds reached 100mph. A local fireman saying: “ at 10mph we fight fires, at 30mph, we are observers, at 100mph we are survivors”.  For all around the country who’s news feeds are telling them different, watch those videos. It was hurricane force winds on fire.   Our systems and tech are just not built for that.   Much appreciated.  - CM
It’s pretty simple, the direct energy weapon skipped that target
We build houses out of wood and paper.
On the windows, modern multi-layer windows often have a Low-E coating that blocks radiant heat. Drapes have caught fire with clear single pane when the heat is intense enough.   This was a multi-acre oven. It boggles.
Great insights, 🤗
DEI means you don’t need to learn about engineering nor physics. They will just get someone else to pay for the damages DEI does to society.
There are several homes in that neighborhood that went untouched by the fire. The fire was very random in its destruction. There were also cars parked in the street that went unburned and the house they were parked in front of burned to ashes. I appreciate these recommendations but in regards to landscaping. This is California not Las Vegas. Putting stone and rock all around the house with no plants is just not practical or reasonable.
It helps when you have your own fire department, just saying
Sponsored by 60 minutes.
Peggy Hall, the Healthy American has done some great amount of research on the fires.  Melting Aluminum wheels, shrubs just fine nearby.  Even in the picture Matt used showing the home that survived, if you look closely, the Garage behind the burnt car is FINE!  They have satellites weapons...that could explain why the house by Hanks is toast but the trees 2 ft away are fine!  Please pray for our country.
Smart presentation! Excellent!
In California there are lots for sale to build your dream house the ad says that are 0.08 acres. That’s just over 3050 sq feet. They have zero space to use as defendable space. Think about 125 houses on ten acres.  The ordnances are way to lax on the density of homes in these major historical fire trap areas. Less than 1/2 of the houses should be allowed to rebuild and be fully fire proof roofs and 90 percent less trees and bushes. It’s like people that build houses in a lake bed and wonder why they get flooded. Totally preventable this whole mess.
Concrete or fire resistant brick , roof support Iron and clay , ceratiles, outside best no wood etc.....
Builders don't care. It's all about cramming as many homes as close together as possible, as cheap as possible. They don't even make the two car garage big enough to park in.  Look at homes in yhe south, they are made with toothpicks and are always surprised when there home is blown away by a tornado. They'd rather build cheap and rebuild it again if it's destroyed.
Clay roofs and stucco.
What about those hempcrete builds you showed 4 or 5 years ago?
Tom Hank's house survived the fires because it was drenched in adrenochrome.
10:12 the architect literally said the side was stucco at 8:27
I am a welder and I built a perimeter fence for a client just before the Woolsey fire ....I made it out of perforated steel for privacy and also fire resistance.....the fire department came and inspected after the fire and told the homeowner that the fence saved their home .....when the client evaluated he confided in me he looked back a last time thinking his home was going to burn down because the neighbor had massive pine trees and  needles as fuel .....on foot deep in pine needles fuled that fire .....that fence held the fire at bay ....fence created an effective fire break and served as a radiator to decapitate the extreme heat on the fence
Spark arrestor on the fire pit.
You're talking about how you can build houses that can resist fires out of wood. The only huge problem with that is there are so many lousy contractors out there right now building houses that are dangerous to live in! There are" so many"  YouTube videos. Check out Holmes on Homes. He has videos of going into brand new homes brand new construction failures. Some contractors so bad families lives were in danger.
research hemp lego blocks, Canadian mfg, 25#, R35, assemble like Legos, fire mold and bug proof, strong as concrete.  no voc's. Each 40 ft container builds 1000 sq ft, sequesters 6 tons of co2.  absorbs co2 as it cures.  costs less than stick built.  exploring alternatives utibe channel on the product review.  Lock down marketing and distribution for texas, CA.  if the green new steal were true, this is the build back better product.  Add a metal fireproof roof with no vents for embers.  Install a fire retardant pressure pump to spray the roof and peromiters from a pool or pond.  Sue the environmental lobbyists that forced these piss poor policys.  Any disaster funds come with a full state audit and funds are released with proof of payment.  way better green built vs ICF or block.  Farmers benefit especially those that get water as before Newscome for a smelt.  Trump is going to beat him and his bs policys like a drum, soon!  He was warned in 2018 and refused water from Canada.  Not one resivoir built, 3 dams destroyed.  Now he screwed his most highly taxed citizens.  Newsome is toast!
Zero excuse for mansions to not have fire protective infrastructure. ✋ Jets shooting water hundreds of feet in the air. We have nuclear weapons but can’t deal with this.
I just keep thinking that something is not behaving like it does in the lab, stuff that would normally resist fire  somehow becoming a hot burning fuel. I don't think people are intentionally building out of steam engine dry fuel bricks, yet something must be more flammable than initially thought.
Why do they keep building these supposed multi-million dollar homes out of wood from the ground up?
THANK YOU for talking about Tom Hanks home and how he made it fire proof because I have seen in a few comments on other pages that firefighters protetced his home because he was Tom Hanks and let others burn.....This proves that he basically protected him own home but being smart when he built it.
OMG that house just above Tom Hanks was my favorite LA home, worth $83M.   Arvin Haddad said in his critique of that house that it would have trouble getting fire insurance and was in a dangerous location for fires.  Now its gone.  Beautiful home like no other.  Was featured in Succession on HBO.
Matt think about a screen over your air input for the ERV.  Hate to see embers get in there.  could an ember get to the filter?
So if you build a European house your house will survive 😉
I live in a coastal city in Taiwan where we are subjected to multiple typhoons every year and we also experience daily earthquakes with substantial earthquakes at least twice a month.  Home insurance is not available.  As most houses in the country, our house is made from concrete and re-bar - including the roof.  When a category 5 hurricane blows through we do not evacuate.  When a category 5 plus earthquake shakes our house we just roll over and go back to sleep.  There is an occasional house fire, but they are very rare and house fires do not destroy the concrete structure.  Perhaps, the reason for all the vulnerable houses in America is the universal presence of house insurance.
1:00 The death toll is nowhere near 75 btw. It's 24 as of Jan 14. Thanks for the video!
Thanks, Matt. I will also be looking at my own home's risks more carefully going forward. I live in Canada and several towns have been devastated by wild fires in recent years.
The man you were showing in the 60 min video lost his sister who lived next door to him and didnt evacuate in time, so he was mourning more than just his house.
Your show missed a discussion on whether the house that burned, next to the house that didn't burn, had a smart, meter. Smart,  meters can ignite remotely via frequencies. Also, a discussion whether homes that had blue painted roofs were skipped from burning versus homes with no blue pained roofs. Again, frequencies in colors. So if a blue fire laser attacked a blue roof, the colors would cause laser to repell and not burn the home.
2:15 category 2 hurricane is 96-110mph. Category 5 is 157mph. But yeah the winds were crazy....
Build a house so ugly fire won't touch it
Houses with pools should have pool feed sprinkler systems on the roof to wet down the surrounding.  I also noticed in many videos of the Palisades fire that the trash cans survived the blaze, why?
Love your shows, Matt always packed with great info for my future dream dwelling. Quick question: can this fiery apocalypse with the Devil's wind in Cali take a little detour and turn Texas into toast, or are we safe for now?
Those winds were not unprecedented or unusual in SoCal.  They're called Santa Ana winds and I've lived with them for 71 years.  Don't go being fooled into believing they're due to climate change which they'd gladly have you believe.
Why are there no building requirements or fire suppression requirements for buildings near brushfire locations. Some roof sprinklers can make a big difference.
Thank you for reading scripture.
Unfortunately his insurance will shoot up …
URBAN INTERFACE   DEFENDABLE ZONES   DELTA HOME MADE OF ADOBE WITH I METAL ROOF... OR AN EARTHEN ROOF FOR THE WIN. . .
Tom Hank's house looks like fires are the least of his concerns.   It's going to be in the ocean soon.
The house behind is famous af
Forest management is far more important than Anything a builder is going to do. While useful the best use of resourses is to stop a fire before it starts
You mean developers forced homeowners to sell their land to build high density housing.    Same thing is going to be forced on these neighborhoods.  Developers have been trying to redone these exact areas.
California should allowed to build new home from shipping containers, definitely fire proof! Contractors and city won’t allow it cause they can’t make money from this home.
Five feet of spark arrestor mesh won' t do much .California new construction disallows soffit vent systems previously commonly used as well as sprinklers .The problem with massive fires is gravity water systems can't keep up
I'm from Detroit.. as you know there were times the city was on fire (infamous devil's night) also abandoned blocks get set ablaze in sheer winds70mph sustained and entire blocks go upand jumps to other neighborhoods. Some are just left to burn as they were already abandoned. 100+yr old houses. I NEVER seen them completely gone to white ashes EVERYTHING gone except a chimny, that doesn't happen. Is that normal not to see partial structures charred black and the surrounding trees are still with green leaves? California is strange these days.
It is miraculous that the house at 8:25 survived but it should be noted that: SO DID EVERY SINGLE HOUSE on the block behind it on the 700 block of N Chautauqua.  The house further benefited from: 1) a vacant lot to the right --that house had been demolished and was a clear slab at the time of the fire. 2) having the neighbor's driveway (buffer) to the left. 3) his neighbor's habit of parking very far over, with two tires off the driveway, so that his passenger doors couldn't be dinged on the concrete wall.  It is notable that this new passive house maxes-out the building lot and provides only the legal minimum 5' setback on each side. Down by the beach in Malibu we saw the inadequacy of these minimal 5' setbacks. The fire down there spread from one stucco house to another like dominoes --taking out every single house.  Also, that is a wooden privacy fence around the side of the house.
Great idears
I used to live in Altadena (2004-16). I contatcted a neighbor Friday. She said she had to evacuate. When she returned, NO HOUSES on the block were harmed!🙏
I am rebuilding my own house in a wildfire area, I am a contractor and am having to do everything myself because the insurance and the bank screwed me over.
Plenty is known about fire remediation, but that limits design, costs more money, and since buyers don't want more restricted and expensive homes, builders don't want to build that way.  Buyers rely on fire insurance and politicians pander to cheap housing. Except for the major mature cities, like New York and Chicago and San Francisco, which have banned flammable construction in large areas after surviving devastating fires. Rome,  London...plenty of huge cities have largely forgotten building codes because they learned the lesson the hard way.
It is worth noting that the hanx recieved fire retardant from their insurance. The wood teak slatted cabana to the left of the pool is quite combustible. They have other fire fighting measures as well, but retardant was KEY given they are on the edge of Will Rogers state park...all chaparral.  The house (mega mansion) next door was recently built.  As well, the new Caruso mall called Palisades Village, built to commercial standards, was in flat area many many blocks from the hillsides, and it burnt to a crisp.   This was an incredibly hot fire. Certainly the items discussed in the video are very important, and standard/required in LAs VHFHSZ with new construction.
I think a single sprinkler on the peak of the roof would be pretty effective. Especially if your neighbors had them too. Drawing water from a rain tank which you should already have living in such a dry area, or pool. You could even get fancy with a camera on top and remote control from your phone.
The house behind Tom Hanks' house was 1601 San Onofre (most $ in the Palisades; vids on YT). It was wood clad and heavily landscaped. I can't tell exactly but it looks like the one concrete exterior wall remains standing.
That might be Hardy Board which is not wood.
I'd really like to know if there is a fireproof sheathing to replace plywood or osb to use on walls, floors, and roofs.  I've heard some people say you can use cement or hardi board, but I don't think code allows it.  Even light metal stud framed houses need sheathing.  I've seen a "yellow" board used on commercial buildings, but I can't find any info on it.
I built a home in the north of San Diego County in the wild lands 5 years ago.  I acted as general contractor and did about 10-15% of the actual construction.  I designed the 2600 sq ft house  and researched many materials.  The last was of limited value because I hit a brick wall of "we have always done it this way" from subcontractors and inspectors.  Fortunately, S.D. Building and Safety has been constantly upgrading fire standards for years now.  My home was required to have a totally sealed attic.  The only openings are special (required) O'Hagin Fire and Ice roof vents .  Their website is educational as they have close-up scientific videos of how a wind driven firestorm forces embers into an attic.  Their vents are designed with both a fine mesh and a long internal serpentine pathway that give the embers time to die before passing through all the way.  Their videos show how effective these vents are under extreme test conditions.  You can imagine just how glad I am to have those in place.  As to mesh size, 1/4" has been shown to be an ember freeway.  1/8" is better but of dubious value.  Personally. I would not put 100% faith even in the 1/16" mesh without the serpentine pathway to extinguish the smallest embers.  Over the years, the standards have repeatedly tightened as it was discovered that the previous fixes just were not reliable.      Tempered glass is required in all windows as it is fire resistant.  My window frames have aluminum cladding. Bathroom vents are required.  Builders love to use flexible plastic or aluminum duct, but that seem to me to be vulnerable to embers and pests.  I insisted on steel wall 4" duct.  The code should require that IMHO and maybe it does now.  Ditto for the kitchen hood duct.  The exterior of my home is stucco, but that almost goes without saying in So Ca.        5' of defensible space?  Here they want 50'.  And I comply but my insurance has tripled here ($2500 to $7500).  Soon to go up (skyrocket) to cover for LA without a doubt.  Of course that assumes that the rest of the insurance companies don't just flee California.  $200 billion in losses (so far) is a pretty big pill to swallow.      I am going to mention that San Diego County and City and SD Gas and Electric should be commended for their highly proactive approach to fires.  Fires are jumped on incredibly swiftly and SDGE is constantly inspecting power lines with helicopters and otherwise and cutting back brush.  The opposite was true at the deadly Paradise fire in northern California.  After the fire, I saw pictures on Youtube of high voltage power lines hanging from brackets worn almost paper thin from many years of swaying in the breeze. A lot of people died from that neglect.       In case you are wondering about my attic temperatures with limited venting, here is the story.  The fiberglass shingles are class A and heat reflective.  The roof deck is OSB with aluminum clad to the underside for UV resistance. Under that is a 1" air gap and that is followed by 3-1/2" of of fiberglass insulation   There is also R38 fiberglass above the ceiling.  This does a very acceptable job of keeping the attic comfortable, but this is San Diego and the bar is set very low.  My home is is fairly well sealed, but only relative to the climate.  As it stands, my high efficiency heat pump sees minimal use and only under what we laughingly call extreme conditions and a lot of people would probably never turn it on.
MR. Chasen what are the slotted beams directly below the main window?
There’s also some great exterior sprinkler systems that can be incorporated to new builds or retrofitted onto older homes to protect them. There’s a few videos on YouTube from people who experienced the camp fire a few years ago in northern California.
Builders in the Austin TX area should remember that it is historically a wildfire zone. No, it doesn't happen annually, nor even every decade, but it does happen. These fires in LA show that being urban doesn't mean you are protected from a fire moving unto your property. Thank God, the Fire Departments do keep most fires to one property.
wash your deck  regularly with borax 20 mule washing soda and it will not burn.
Even if your attic vents are screened, the exposed wood rafters sticking out under the eaves will ignite quickly and the fire will get into the attic that way.  I'm seeing here in LA how some new homes are covering the bottom of eaves with wire mesh and stucco so none of the rafters are exposed to fire.  My traditional stick built house is highly insulated and net zero energy use, but it is a fire waiting to happen.  My next home, if I can afford it, is going to be cinderblock with steel trust framed roof.  I'll use steel to frame the floor and interior walls too.  I hate termites.
Here in Lane County Oregon we have a lot of 100ft plus fir trees.  Fire rules are to have 30 ft minimum of clearance around your home before any bushes or vegetation.  Also best practices is to have four or more feet of non-flammable material next to your home.  I have an eight foot wide river stone bed.  Grass is to be less than six inches and kept green.  The homes that do burn often do not obey these rules and have trees and shrubbery near or against their homes.   Stucco won't take all the rain we have but hardiboard is a good alternative. Metal roofs are becoming more common also.
hempcrete.
Thank you! I’m sharing this with my family, so we can all get more fire safe houses.
Our home in Dubai is made from pre-cast concrete, I know we don’t have trees but we got extreme heat during the summer.
It sometimes pays to live in a boring slightly damp midwest state.  Although a meteor did explode nearby a while back, so its hard to be prepared for everything.
We sure that's aluminum and not lead from the battery? Lead melting like that would be a lot more believable.
There is a company in the Pacific NW that makes cement panels that look like wood and never need painting.
- Stop building wooden houses.  - Hempcrete is fireproof, mould resistant, rodent resistant, insulation & really strong.  - stop planting eucalyptus trees.  Have strong irrigation system/pool.
Latest death toll is 25, not 75.
Looks like hardi board cement
Sho Shugi bon!!!!
It's an unnatural disaster
Thanks Matt.  Great video.  It’s sad it takes an event like this to wake us up.  After watching this video, I plan to make fire resistant design changes to the next house I build.
I've survived a number of wild bush fires in a high bushfire attack area  The formula to protection is pretty simple 1. Make sure there is NO combustible material with-in yards of any buildings.  Pine bark, flower beds, bushes, stacked firewood, old cars, really just anything stored against the house.  Even if apparently non-combustible 'things' against the building can trap embers. 2. All external building materials must be non-combustible  (This specifically excludes plastic siding, plastic gutters and down spouts, plastic window frames, tar product roofing such as asphalt shingles.  It also excludes externally attached insulation.)  Consider using Hardie-board, tiles, brick, stone, cinder block, concrete, steel sheet roofing, tile roofing 3. Consider ember attack, that being burning embers and sparks blowing on to and into the building. Reduce inside corners that can catch embers or specifically line internal corners with sheet iron flashing, fill the gap between gutter and eves with gauze or hardy board to stop embers getting into the roof space.  Verandas are deadly catch points for embers so construct from non-flammables like cement, tile, pebbledash and remove all furniture and ember traps before the fire hits you. 4. For active protection  install a garden sprinkler system with gas/diesel powered pump and the largest rainwater tank/s you can fit.  Block your down pipes and fill the gutters with water and then set the irrigation to run just before you leave the property... and pray.
More than 20years ago I got a copy of "Fine Home Building".  On the back cover was a picture of a burnt out neighborhood of more than 100 homes that were all burnt to the ground.  In the middle of all of these completely destroyed homes was one home that survived without a scratch.  There was a story what the home owner did to his home while it was being built to protect it from wildfires.
A program I watched years ago on this subject explained that the heat of the fire is carried by the wind ahead of the fire.  That heat will heat up the wood on a building till it is almost to combustion temperature.  Then when the embers from the fire land on that wood, they are the trigger that causes the wood to start burning on contact and spread dozens of times faster than normal.  Do like Matt has shown before and clad the entire exterior of a building with rock wool insulation and then cover that with steel or fiber cement siding and roofing, have something like steel shutters that can cover and protect the windows, then the exterior of the building is all but fireproof.
So, I'm curious, Matt, how is this going to shape you building from here forward? Just curious. TYIA
Terrible fires and set of  events that happen ... From experience having lived in the South of France in Provence  , stone faced houses { either built with cement blocks or clay)  clay tile roof , you have steel panels to fit the windows , if the fire moved fast enough everything burns except the house ... weak points are windows and decks and of course roof made of combustible materials !!
sodium silicate is not just for trashing engines...there are intumescent paints and cork siding, buy a cheap metal shed kit and use the metal on it's side at the bottom of a fence to stop fire and embers, a nice gravel walkway all around the home, storm shutters can be metal...
Chasen's home...way more attractive.  Would love to know the secret!
I appreciate you covering this topic and providing the great resources. I'm a mechanical engineer with nearly 30yrs of experience and I've been most impressed and learned the most from the WUI building standards and from working on so many federal and other civic projects including many in our national parks in CA. I've also witnessed local fire departments offering free design advice for either new construction or for making existing homes more fire resistant. For anyone looking to build a new home, I encourage you to seek out architects and builders who have experience with and knowledge of the WUI design standards, helpful even if you aren't located in a WUI. https://www.usfa.fema.gov/wui/ I will check out the 1/16" mesh, we've been using 1/8" to date.
Tom's house is NOT ATTRACTIVE...also, he and his wife have A LOT of money to make this type of fire resistant home.  They are the lucky ones.
In an other interview he mentioned the exterior siding was a cementitious product.
We are building in a Wildland Urban Interface area in California near Lake Tahoe.  Not only are we using high performance build techniques we learned on your channel (sealed crawlspace and attic, ZipR-3 sheathing around the house, dehumidifiers and Energy Recovery Ventilators) but we are also taking into consideration the defensible space and class A fire rated materials (gravel surrounding the house, Hardie lap siding and soffits, Versetta Stone accents, Titanium FR roof underlayment and standing seam metal roof).  The project also inspired me to document the process on my YT channel.  Thanks for getting the message out to everyone that a little bit of extra work could possibly save your house.
That was fast - thank you for doing that!
Grow up!  Concrete blocks break down at 1300 degrees F.   Gimmie a break here.  Lots of people own these houses that burned down who have More Money that Brains.
I think it isn't just structure but also materials inside. Lots of synthetic materials both inside and outside means hotter faster fire increasing risk of spread to neighbours i'd think.
From Bloomberg News:   “The yard is a protected area free of vegetation, fenced off by cast-in-place concrete garden walls, with landscaping in a sparse Mediterranean desert style. The home’s owner has been through fires before, so he was prepared: He removed trash cans and other loose items from around the house and even left the side gates open, knowing that a fire can spread along a fence to a house.  “We were unfortunate that the neighbor parked the car adjacent to the house. There’s molten aluminum in the picture, 1,200 degrees,” Chasen says. “That wall prevented a lot of that heat from getting to the house.” Other design factors are more subtle. Along the side of the house there are no eaves or overhangs, which can form eddies or trap embers blown by high winds. The house doesn’t have any attic vents to allow sparks to get inside the roof, which is metal, with a fire-resistant underlayment. And the house is simple: front-gabled without multiple roof lines, dormers or other pop-outs, which are vulnerable intersections in a fire. Still other elements are invisible — yet critical. The walls of the house have a one-hour fire rating. The deck is Class A wood, as resistant to ignition as concrete or steel, Chasen says. Tempered glass protects the interiors. And the front of the house was built with heat-treated wood, shielded from flying sparks and embers by the extruding walls and roof line.”https://apple.news/AYYWG4_DpSxa08fxB9MxltQ
I've been to a few houses destroyed in bushfires that were lost due to embers that got around the garage door. Depending on the type of door, you can wind up with a gap about an inch deep, plenty of space for embers to blow in and land on all the flammable stuff people keep in their garages.
You need criteria for proof against threats. Fire, wind, water, earth. Fires, hurricanes and tornado, flood and storm, quake.  Aluminium cladding over combustible - no, it creates a chimney sucking fire in, look at London Grenfell Tower
Use grok 2. It’s better than ChatGPT.
Appears like True Metal Siding wood grain.
Gov stop settings fort ablaze and now only homes? Well, stupid question. - ofc they doing both. Hope all bastards capatalizin nicely
Well done Matt.  You were empathetic and compassionate while still taking us deep into the engineering and construction science.  Thank you.
tom hanks house survived because hes such a nice guy and the fire didnt want to hurt him!
The stucco sounded like it was some kind of Exterior Insulation Finish System (EIFS), and not a traditional cement/lime mortar. Most EIFS systems would not be fire resistant, with those that are rated having been designed and tested to meet the fire resistance rating.  Not only for wild fire prone areas, but where proximity to property lines and adjoining buildings may require the wall to be rated.
I am planning to build in an area that is prone to fires. Some of the tips brought up today will definitely be applied. Thank you Matt and thank you for being brave enough to quote from scripture
RI NH MA have wild fires however they are max 3-4 acres. most of them will burn out from loss of fuel load.
It may be expensive but it's not complicated to build fireproof and hurricane-proof houses. But until it's mandated by code it's not going to happen. If it's required for all new construction then land prices can be adjusted to compensate for the extra expense and the net price to the homeowner doesn't have to increase significantly.
Matt, important show! But please be careful! You Texans, and folks from many other states, will soon be seeing LA style fires as temperatures continue to rise! I’m a sscale builder in California here. Building is my semi-retirement job. But I’m originally from Texas. I was a scientist and resource manager for several federal agencies. And ai studied and worked on fire issues. Bastrop wasn’t a one-off! As the climate continues to heat up, Austin, Dallas, Kansas City, Denver, etc. will also be hit by more frequent and catastrophic fires!   Asphalt roofs should not be considered class A. They are better than cedar shingles, but that’s about it. Videos from the LA fires show flying embers rolling down streets driven by hurricane winds more than large enough to melt through asphalt roofs.  Time and metal roofs and stucco siding both need to be fireblocked and installed by conscientious and fire aware builders.  Fire safe venting is the low hanging fruit, the easy step. Videos from the Marshall Fire in Colorado and a fire a few years ago in Orange County show fires being lit in attics.  The other easy step is the 5’ concrete pad or gravel bed, or stone patio around the house. But in high fire threat areas like California or Idaho or Central Texas, that hardened fro surface should be ten feet.   My father’s and Aunt’s houses in Florida have hurricane shutters. Hurricane shutters would help make window in fire zones more fire and thief resistant!   Rain gutters should not be installed or should be metal with metal screening.  Eaves on new Construction in fire county should go away or boxed in with fiber cement.  We need to stop building wood decks and wood fences anymore, anywhere!   Australia has sone very good guidelines for building fire resistant homes. Worth checking out!  A less expensive option than all new siding would be to replace the bottom 18” to 3’ of exterior siding with stone or fiber cement.   None of this is cheap, but it is easier to make  new construction fire resistant from the get go. And, dealing with insurance companies after a fire will take a decade off of your life. I’ll estimate $30,000 in added materials costs for a 2,000 SF home. Retrofitting an existing home could cost $20,000 to over $100,000, including permits and labor.   And, I have to mention solar and batteries! No sense in doing any fire retrofitting at all if we don’t attack global warming. Solar on the roof will actually cool your house enough to pay for the panels in ten years. And, they’ll power your car. Home batteries are still too expensive. But, I build in rural areas where solar and batteries and going off grid make far more economic sense than running expensive power lines and being enslaved to a price gouging electric utility monopoly.  I’m redoing decks, vents, the roof and siding in my Brother’s place in Tahoe to make it more fire resistant. That’ll give me enough money to make the first rental I remodeled more fire resistant.
Great job, Matt!  I am glad that I have learned so much from the Build Show for my build.  My construction is exactly like the house on the right.
What about the apparently unburned garage in the back of the lot on the left?
Could that be WoodTone siding?
Ok, I'm going to keep commenting.  That Cal Fire video shows that nice "defensible space" around the one house, but in many places in California it is illegal to clear brush away from your home.  That's so crazy you may think I'm lying - but I'm not.
12000 houses is Incorrect. 75 deaths is also incorrect.  Please check your facts
Only two minutes in and I'm going to comment before I see any European comments on concrete and brick.  Go look at the devastation - there are concrete and brick structures totally burned out.
Could the wood be shoshugibon ?
Wood siding at front: I would not be surprised if it was Thermory or Kebony, or something similar thermally modified (which I'd expect to be more resistant to ignition)
Hay you should try and go on to Tim cast show and educate even more people.
Contractors and people in the trades have been building the same kind of houses forever.  They go up fast and they look nice and they burn like a match.  Fireproof houses aren't that different in terms of cost and provide safe havens against natural forces.  This isn't a difficult choice to make, as the reason we live in houses is all about protection.  How bout we start doing a better job.
Just started the video. Just guessing, wood is flammable concrete is not.
Thanks for this informative video Matt.  Its important for home builders and buyers to realize that creating and maintaining a 5 foot non-combustible perimeter is one of the most important things you can do for a home.  Rock, cement, or gravel base.  Just built my own house and clad the outside with hardibacker panels.  Unfortunately, had to go with vinyl windows as my local market doesn't carry metal windows.
Amsterdam burned to the ground in the 16th century and they had sense enough to insist on brick buildings from that time forward. You gotta wonder about Californians? Maybe now they ll come around.
Build with concrete instead of trying to make wood not combust like it wants to do. See ICON 3D houses.
Holy sh... the closing. Matt, God bless you and I absolutely mean it. Thank you! ❤
Thank you Matt for this video, my house was 1/4 mile up wind from the Camarillo fire in Ventura CA. last month. I have driven around looking at burnt houses and ones that survived  trying to figure out how best to protect my house in the future. I’m thinking of some type of sprinkler system to wet the whole house, walls, windows and roof. I was thinking of sprinklers on the roof but with high winds it would land on the front lawn. Considering small water jets shooting straight up and let the wind put on the house. Oh yes, the water would come from my pool with auxiliary pump.
Metal roofs, concrete decks, no plant material &trees against building are the only way.
Great video and I've known about this stuff for a long time - mostly from all the fires up in Northern California and many people who built homes with metal roofs, ember resistant decks and siding, and defensible space saw their house become "miracle homes".  Shutters are also great for windows especially if your house is right up against a neighbor and will get direct heat and flame when it burns.  I know people think they are ugly but you could even have emergency shutters that could be attached if you know a fire is coming.  I've also seen ridge sprinkler systems with independent water and power sources, and even ridge retracting roof covers for people who can't have a class A roof.  I'm also thinking some of the thermal break techniques you have will prevent heat being transmitted into a home which is important when there's combustible material on the inside.  I've read that even glass fiber insulation can burn, that's scary.  We really need huge incentives to build homes like these especially around perimeters and also to retrofit existing homes - just like we do for earthquakes.  That could either be via insurance rebates, or direct incentives.  Think about what even a fraction of the $200B in homes lost (so far) could have done if spent on preventative retrofitting.   And remember there's a herd immunity thing here - you don't need every single home to be fireproof - but every one added can help save a neighboring house which saves another and another and so on.  These homes in LA will probably cost high six figures if not in the millions to rebuild - surely tens of thousands of dollars in material and construction upgrades is worth that - especially if you get a discount on insurance for the lifetime of the home.
100 mph is not cat 5 😂
As others have said if you follow the rules that Australia has you will go along way to prevent new homes from being burnt down
Blessings, Matt.  Great topic.
ICF     /thread
Very well said, Matt, informational with empathy. Amen.
Thanks for sharing this Matt.  Prayers to those people affected.
There should a commission looking through survived homes and finding out what rules/materials should be in place for rebuilds. I heard some sprincler systems saved some houses as well...
"Intumescent Paint" Is what you want to look for if you want a painted on fire-barrier.  It's designed to foam up and char during a fire to form an insulating layer of carbon foam.
I built hundreds of houses with a national builder in Santa Clarita Valley in the late 90's, concrete tile roof, stucco soffit, block walls. Definitely used vinyl windows with nontempered glass, and don't think we did anything special for the fascia. Fire construction was a big deal.
Paint roof blue to stop the DEW’s.  Pro tip
So very sad and scary. It’s crazy your doing this episode. I’m not a builder, just a homeowner. Unfortunately we are in a high fire danger area. I started watching your channel years ago to get ideas for fire safe materials. It’s not a fun puzzle to try to figure out. If you ever need a project house to work on let me know😂. They are recommending 10 feet of non combustible around houses now.
Matt, I've been watching the Build Show for many years and I have to say this coverage deserves a medal. The devastation in California is like hurricane Katrina but instead of rain, it's blowing flaming embers. Blowtorch is a good analogy. All the reservoirs and firetrucks in the whole state could never keep up with the spreading fires. I hope the incoming president sets his bias aside and grants California wildfire victims the support they need and deserve.
I've said from the beginning of this tragedy is that fire defensible construction should be mandatory for reconstruction, as well as new construction, in wildfire-prone areas (which the affected area is). This is no more and no less than what's required for flood- and hurricane-prone areas. Structures must have breakaway first levels in flood-prone areas, while myriad requirements exist in hurricane-prone areas, as well as areas where earthquakes are a real possibility.  I've spent a lot of time in California and have always been struck by the number of residences with wood shingle roofs, dense vegetation, etc. While undeniably beautiful, just as certainly foolhardy given the increasing incidence and severity of wildfire events.
We had a structure that burned in the Mountain Fire near Somis, CA in November.  It was a stick framed structure, completely wrapped in Densglass, but had was small spot where we could not wrap it completely.  The fire found the weak spot, burned like a cigarette until it got inside the densglass and burned the structure to the ground.  So, for this to be effective, you have to think of every spot fire can penetrate through the surface.  The building was constructed in 2021 and met/exceeded all CA fire codes.
Watch LA fire proof house quadruple in price and more red tape. California is going to be even worse shitehole
Average Palisades luxury home costs $750,000 to construct but these properties were inflated to cost $6 million dollars on average so a developer can profit. The ungodly market manipulation of land value is crippling our economies and causing unnecessary burden to insurers and tax payers who will be on the hook to rebuild these expensive neighborhoods.  Laws must change and not allow real estate developers to artificially hike up values of land that does not cost millions of dollars in actual physical value. Scientists who understand the cause behind these disasters predict more extreme weather driven catastrophes in California and states like Florida.  US needs to wake up and adapt fast and it starts with changing real estate laws and building codes to make rebuilding more affordable.
Very Sad to see a home lost. Unfortunately many of these Homes should never have been built in these FIRE ZONES. IF you want to put blame on anyone consider human stubborness. It's no different than those who build in Flood zones and don't expect to get flooded. Watch a 63 year old Official LAFD documentary titled "LAFD: "Design For Disaster" - The Story of the Bel Air Conflagration | 1962" on YouTube
The front of that house looks like thermowood to me
When the tsunami hit Japan I remember a mother and daughter survived since their house was all concrete while the rest were lightweight materials.
Architect said it was fiber cement made to look like wood
I am going with icf, metal roof with sprinklers, igs to keep the vegetation wetted out, and a suction from my pool in case the city water runs out.
The take away from a building perspective should be that homes that are in natural disaster areas should be ICF or other durable materials.  I know Matt always pushes wood houses, but the forcing function needs to come from the home insurance industry.  If you want to build a wooden match stick house, your insurance is going to be astronomically high.  If you build with ICF, you’ll save money and have a regular insurance rate.
No eves helps a lot
Matt, I saw that a home owner installed water sprinklers around their house attached to the gutters pointing towards the roof and home and saved the house.  Not sure how true this is on IG, but it is a great idea.  That person should definitely patent the idea.  The only pitfall I see is potentially the county shuts the water off to conserve for the fire they are fighting, but maybe a pool pump can the come into play.  Just wanted to share as I know someone with your experience can run with this and engineer this solution for homes and the build show
Excellent video, I am sure there will be building takeaways from this disaster.  It's obvious that normal setback rules, which came about from fires like the great Chicago fire, didn't work in winds that strong.
I do not believe that a cause for the So Cal fires has been determined.  They are still burning, for goodness sakes.
kalian harus belajar untuk membuat rumah dari semen, batu bata dan batu alam. setidaknya akan sangat menghambat penyebaran api ketika terjadi kebakaran.
Vulcan vents
Amazing, Ukraine wants to send the fire equipment given to them by California, back to California.  What a great gesture.
Wouldnt hurt to unplug your attic fan so when it heats up it doesnt kick on and suck the embers in.
no smart meter big reason,   beam tech missed them,   wake up foolish
Sadly many of the homes that burned down in the Eaton fire were historic 1900-1920 homes, the rest were probably pre 1950 and were definitely not built with modern materials. I would imagine that the rebuild will require fire mitigating materials.
The infrastructure you build is only as strong as the infrastructure that surrounds you.
The fire department was so good people got complacent on fire prevention. This version of the FD, water dept, mayor are so incompetent only people who to took real preventive actions got saved.
There are limits to luck. The architect designed for better than code. The codes some love to complain about only get updated after enough people die.
Matt, I think that you're pretty close. You give some good advice. However, my childhood neighborhood is the one that's being talked about.  Here's my insight. Because of the "McMansionizing" of the neighborhood, on less than 7000' lots, the homes were extremely close together. Subsequently, the wood studs would spontaneously combust due to radiant heat from the neighboring house. If you look at 900 Hartzell the house, built in the 1920s with a flat hot mopped roof with 3/4+ white rock, burned but the garage with an apartment above survived. That's because my house was a dirt lot (mired in the permit process for 2 years) and there were no other structures or foliage close to it.  Yet, the 2 year old house across the street from mine burnt to the ground. It was traditional wood construction. As were all of the houses built in the last 100 years since it was first developed.
Don’t park an EV in a garage.
125,000 destroyed or damaged in NC but it’s only a big deal in LA. Policies in CA caused this. They cannot do controlled burns because it hurts the environment. Many of these homes to not meet building code for non-combustible in fire zone. My garage in 2017 meets this code with no wood exterior.
They were ICF weren't they... so what happens?  The external foam is probably destroyed, but then repairs are really just putting new cladding.
Concrete siding and logs from Everlog look good. They look like real wood, but stay nice looking for eons. Yeah, out here in SoCal I'd go for defensible zones, concrete wall, metal roof and non-ventilated attics. I noted some of the European based window companies offer metal roll-down covers for some of their smaller windows.
Build with concrete and brick instead plastic wrapped wood.
Thank you, Matt. I’m an architect and have lived in Southern California for 62 years. I spent my teen years in Pacific Palisades so I’ll speak about that fire. I’m in no way saying it’s more important than Altadena. I am heartbroken that the small town of my youth is gone. Literally gone. Some added information about the winds for you. Firstly, Santa Ana winds are strong very dry winds that suck the moisture out of anything they touch. The second issue is called a mountain wave. In essence the strong winds striking a mountain at close to perpendicular race up the face like water up the back of a wave. It breaks over the top and rushes down the “face of the wave” creating strong gusts. Take 60mph Santa Ana winds and amplify them by the mountain wave and you have 100mph dry gusts. This is what hit the palisades. This is also why fire burned downhill.  These measures you talk about will help greatly. But it is also luck of the draw. This was hard to watch but I truly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
The siding could be ceramic -- many new commercial buildings are using ceramic tile for exterior siding.
Can't you see no tree around tom hanks house is burnt, surely fire did not reach there.
PVC may be class A rated, but fumes are deadly if it melts.
When I worked nuclear, all the wood in scaffolding was all some blue wood that was fire resistant, water resistant.
My home is currently threatened by the Eaton Fire.  I called every place to find a store that carries flame retardants. No place sales it, not even Home Depot.   I had to order it from Amazon.   The soonest they could expedite delivery is on Thursday, a day after the second windstorm is forecasted to hit. 😢
The wood on that house could be the Japanese burnt wood technology which is fire resistant.
I am of the opinion that it should be illegal to rebuild with combustible materials.  Build with steel framing, gypsum sheathing, steel roof, concrete panels for roof and flooring, rockwool insulation, aluminum or stainless windows and window shutters like they have in Germany.
The gas meter is outside the parameter wall.
BTW defendable areas are usually exceptionally low maintenance, too.
Hanks’ home looks familiar.  Maybe, formally Ron White’s.
You cant control your neighbors maintenance practices.  There is one simple condition…….. setbacks.  Minimal/zero setbacks guarantee a fire cascade.
Climate change denialism also plays a really big role in holding back action on climate change. It's a vicious cycle.
Other than a handful of instances, like those in this video, have I heard of no proactive efforts, preparation, training, or awareness to secure property and people   in this area from fire.  Astoundingly, this after multiple wildfires in the area in recent history.
Thank you Matt for this special topic, well done sir.
Matt are you aware of the Harmless Home? It is an interesting step to constructing homes that can withstand wildfires, earthquakes, and hurricanes.
I saw a video of one guy that stayed and kept his and his neighbors homes from burning with a garden hose. He said no firefighters in sight and he watched homes burn that could’ve easily been prevented if someone was there to put out the first small fires that started them.
Thank you, Matt., Terrific video. Timely and information dense.
Matt, thank you, a lot of really good and thought provoking information!!  Something I’ve been considering on my next new build is an external fire suppression system! Coupled it with a backup (belt and suspenders) power and water system.  One question i wonder about is does the building code in a high fire hazard areas regulate fire resistant building practices?
Australia has some pretty tough building codes for reducing the risks of being in a bushfire zone! .. I think they are available online for free
Did they have smart meters?
Weather Wiplash!!!
Remember, wind does not blow, it's being pulled to a low pressure area. Combustible fuel needs to be in the path of that pressure differential., therefore if you remove the draft the fire doesn't burn the fuel. I think we are seeing that homes with positive pressure due to air tightness have a better chance of with standing some external fire pressure..
Australia architects really pay attention to fire risks.   And you can't over emphasize the importance of windows that don't break either from the heat or from being hit by fire hoses. If you don't have tempered glass you need to cover the windows with metal shutters.
DO NOT REBUILD IN THE SAME PLACE. ITS LANDSCAPE ARSON BY DESIGN. IT WILL HAPPEN AGAIN!
I'm glad that you made this video because I was immediately seeing really geopolitical answers online like "make the houses concrete" from people overseas in the "america bad" demographic. they act like civ2 is just a game and the stuff a country builds isn't relative to it's resources. smh. Weather is just crazy sometimes, and it will have it's way with you. People act like there aren't a ton of people regulating houses for natural disasters and like houses just appear for rent magically in exchange for money.
What are the odds that this house would be constructed six months before this fire?
9:15 ive seen a few videos of people checking out the aftermath, and a LOT of cars burnt so hot the metals leaked out and cooled like this
I would love to see a discussion about positive air to keep smoky air out and how to filter incoming air. Some homes that survive a fire are un-inhabitable due to smoke damage after surviving a neighborhood fire.
I gotta hear the Godfather's take
Steel roof, steel siding.   I've been writing to Gavin newsom about this every time he has a wildfire. For years.   He won't even answer. I sent him case studies. Examples.  I am convinced he suffers from severe mental illness.   He should be in prison.
Matt, in a recent video, you were showing some custom made windows that had fiberglass frames.  I was impressed with the things you and the window guy had to say about them and their thermal efficiency.  Do you know anything about their FIRE resistance, as compared to aluminum or aluminum clad windows?
Matt maybe you should encourage people to make a plan. You mentioned that guy pulled the barrels away from his house. Maybe we need to think of 5 things you can do like that right before you evacuate. Like pull curtains off windows.I heard people should shutoff the water main so broken pipes don't cause water pressure problems for firefighters. Maybe some company should sell a "last resort" device homeowners can use to spray soffits closed quickly.
I believe its melted lead.
Very good job Matt. Big fan for many years!
Another company to look into and possibly feature is https://www.vulcanvents.com/ they make all sorts of ember and fire minimizing vents. As a side benefit good for bug blocking too.
Several channels said their chinese smart electrical meters were starting fires. Evidence was compelling.
Engine block is Aluminum it happened  A video of Angels Junkyard there's a wood s pool ray fure retards,  he was blessed with personal revelation for his family
21:12 - I Norway, they used a lot of red external gypsum boards I remember.
Did the home have a smart meter, should be important question here, and can't tell color if roof, blue??,
I would like to see a video covering light gauge steel stud framing, specifically with an eye to making a passive home which is also fire resistant.
I don’t understand people defending the government in cali and la. Considering their funding there is no reason they shouldn’t be much better prepared for the inevitability.
In florida, they're talking about making shingle roofing illegal.
Concrete, concrete, concrete!!!
Matt, I watched one of your build show just 2-3 days ago where you show cased a new type of metal cladding that looks like wood and you explained how this cladding , used on the sidings and the roof of a house, makes the home very fire safe. You also talked about how this cladding and roof can easily be mistaken as wood and how it makes the home maintenance free ( 30+ years before needing any painting etc ) This show was shot , I guess,  1-2 years ago. I had this exact thought while watching your show that why can't we use this type of cladding and roof to make homes fire safe. Hope builders will take a note of this option while building new homes , particularly in CA  Here is the link to the show I referred above. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2LKRXXgNug
Well done ! Need to show this to the leaders of the country and some other videos to show wind driven fires how destructive they are and not the political persuasion, of state governments
Most people aren’t willing to give up size to have the quality Everybody wants the biggest home they can get for the money then comes finishings quality comes last
Thank you Matt
More like a cat 2 hurricane but I get it.
Matt, please investigate your assumption about tile. Embers can get lodged in the tile gaps and catch the roof on fire. I got rid of my tile roof and put metal on because of this.
EXCELLENT TIMING MATT.😅
Sugi Ban exterior cladding won't burn. CLT mass timber will char and self extinguish. It would be advisable to have a continuous exterior layer of rock wool under the cladding.
At @23:00 just look at that deck and tree... I'm from the NE and I thought it was common knowledge, NO TREES NEXT TO THE HOUSE.  Here in the NE, it's no fires that we worry about, it's the wind and ice storms.  If and when a tree falls, it will hit the house... so NO TREES NEXT TO THE HOUSE.
Too soon matt. maybe should have waited until at least a full body count has been made huh?
Thank you so much for this!!  You may have saved the house I’m renovating in the mountains in Northern California!
9:30  You can actually see the color change in the wall next to where that car burned.
How about one of those vent materials in the chiminea. Sounds a bit easier. ;^)  OTOH, you could argue that all chimineas should be equipped with spark arresters. I would be in favor of that. Another thing to be addressed by the NFPA.  Oh BTW, can you provide a link/source for that spark arresting mesh? You were never specific about it, except that it came from Australia.
Thanks for the great info!
you get what you vote for....
Matt, great video! Our prayers go out to everyone affected by these fires, as well as to all the first responders. We're currently supplying pre-panelized steel framing in Texas and have been able to match wood framing prices. While there are some downsides to steel framing, they can be mitigated with better insulation and siding. I believe we should move away from using wood when possible. If you know anyone in California looking to rebuild with steel framing, I’d be happy to help.
Any suggestions for a log home in the forest? Something more useful than moving please. Lol
Roof material is crucial
That house will end up breaking off of that cliff! No thanks
How to build a fire proof house   Step one don’t live in a state that always has “wildfires” and does 0 fire management
Lived in SoCal for 30+ years.  The Santa Ana winds have been a regular visitor for centuries. Matt is correct, builders need to keep the effects of windblown embers in mind when designing structures.
HEMPCRETE CONSTRUCTION IS A GREAT WAY TO BUILD A FIREPROOF, HIGHLY INSULATED AND VAPOR PERMEABLE WALL ASSEMBLY.
Very interesting video! Thank you!
I did some volunteer work in Hawai'i last year cutting a firebreak for a neighborhood to prevent house fires.  I learned so much.  Low grass is acceptable but even a 3-foot-tall tree is bad.  And don't connect a wood fence directly to the house.
Way too much wood in USA for any other building materials to meaningfully compete. Europeans go concrete due to lack of cheap wood.
Timely video, great advice.
Thank you Matt for this video I hope it reaches people on the WestCoast and God Bless LA/California.
Even using Hardie siding, you still need to have fire resistant sheathing. San Bernardino County would not approve Hardie by itself over standard sheathing.
Great video. We were so curious why that house didn’t burn down.
Is that neon sign being held up by just two zip ties?
Tremendous job.  I learned a lot - such as thinking about monopoly framing.  Keep the info flowing.  There is so much that can be done that makes a difference, such as the 5 foot defensible space.  Looking forward to see what the building materials industry comes up with.
it's interesting to note the comparison between the great chicago fire and how that city rebuilt and how cities devastated by wildfire are learning to build resiliency.
Tom's hedges and garden look perfect. So yeah his house was not saved due to building techniques. Most likely he paid for private firefighters or had a reservoir built and a sprinkler system. The house next door clearly had nothing.
Many of the houses had thick tall cedar hedges, those things burn like crazy.
I built my home in a forest. It’s a vaulted roof. Closed hot roof design. Metal roof. I also put 6’ of class “A” rock around my home. This spring I plan to install a sprinkler system pulling water from a pond, that will list the entire home in the event of a forest fire. Most of my windows are tempered as well. I hope what I’ve done will keep my home from ever burning down
"The Lord helps those who help themselves"!  Ya got to at least try!
Thanks for mentioning the winds--I feel like a lot of folks don't grasp just how much that has impacted both how devastating they've been, and how hard it is to fight them.
Sorry Matt..I can't get two minutes into this video without shutting it off. You may think it's with no ill intent or informational, however I see it as an advantageous ploy for hits on your channel. Billions of dollars and most importantly, lives were lost and you want to preach building tactics!? It was a massive fire that swept everything in its path. I've felt you've been selling out to sponsors lately (shall we talk the pink stuff which you've poo pooed for years) poor content etc.. You lost me as a subscriber as of today. You want to show your support..how about donating all your sponsored cash to the state of California. Disgusting.
just because it survived doesn't mean damage wasn't done
There is a youtuber I subscribe to named Arvin Haddad and his parents home burned down.  The video he released was so sad.
Great job. This video is really needed. Anything more and updates on new products/methods would be great. Thanks for what you do.
This is a great and timely video. Thank you.
Matt, would you advise us to rebuild using ICF?
Great vid!  Thanks!  Great to highlight successful building practices!
We've already received calls and messages from folks whose homes were lost to talk about re-building with our concrete EverLog Siding. Some were mad because they were considering replacing their siding but just hadn't pulled the trigger yet. Our siding is 100% Class-A fire rated concrete but it looks like wood.
I lived in Altadena from 1989 to 2014.  Although my main retrofitting efforts concerned earthquakes, I also did what I could to make my stucco home fire-resistant.  Unfortunately, it burned along with thousands of others.  There's only so much you can do in a firestorm!
Lazy use of zip ties..... CUT the ENDS brother :)
Steel re-enforced concrete dome, buried if possible. Add brick in spots for variety.    A pool to draw water from. Sprinklers on top of house.
The comments are gonna be really great on this video, I can feel it. 😅  Nice job Matt and team on w relevant video that highlights how serious these issues are.  One thing i might also suggest depending on a homeowners situation: at my place we have some defensible space, but if is part of our fire preparedness plan to use our (verified functional)  heavy equipment to cut large fire breaks all around the house.  We timed it and it would take about 30 minutes start to finish.  We'd destroy the existing landscaping but give the house almost 30 feet of space in every direction.  Knowing exactly what needs to be done in a disaster situation can save your property and possibly your life - train and practice!
I don't understand why insurance companies, instead of canceling policies, don't mandate fire protection like they mandate tree removal, roof replacement, electrical upgrades etc
The new building codes should be modeled after the houses that survived that were in the direct line of fire.  Most all of these different area areas would always burn every couple decades so nothing new has been going on here other than they all burned at the same time because of the high winds..  my grandparents would talk about these areas burning when they were young around the turn of the sensory during World War I and through them going through World War II.   The native Indians, who were indigenous in the area, would not build and have permanent residence up in these areas during the fire season because they were smarter than that..           And when I was young, listening to my parents and grandparents, when the news would come on, my parents would say these places are always burning. Why do they keep rebuilding wooden houses here?        Then when I was young back in the 60s, when the news would come on that these areas were having a wildfire I would hear my parents and grandparents talk about these places have always been burning since they were children and now I was a child listening to this third generation I’m hearing this..         Now I’m 60 years old and my whole entire life I have been hearing these different areas catching on fire coming in the news and they’re still rebuilding wooden houses in an area that has been burning since the beginning of time.  And now my children and grandchildren are growing up with the same knowledge. Let’s see if building codes change..        I do not blame insurance companies for not providing fire insurance in these areas.  That’s a bad gamble and gamblers loose..          And I do not blame insurance companies charging absolutely outrageous fire insurance rates, for anybody who wants to rebuild back in this area using wooden 🪵 houses. 🏡
Eh....this video feels too soon man.   People are still hurting.
Luck probably play a bigger role here. Look at the neighbor's garage, looks like it survived the fire.
Interesting vid Matt!
The solution is not building in high risk wildfire zones. Pacific Palisades had same fire 40 years ago. Without regular controlled burns, these losses will repeat themselves
The people that used to live in Commiefornia were smart enough to make home out of brick, stucco and odobi with roof tiles !!! You know stuff that sparks would hit and fly off of the structure !!!
What is it like in Gaza. Where it is deliberate, paid for by USA taxpayers 😢
Concrete, steel, glass, ceramic, stone What is the big advantage of using anything else?
First! Whoo!
