Get all sides of every story at https://groundnews.com/Ve and read the news with a data-driven approach. Subscribe through my link for 50% off unlimited access –their biggest discount of the year.
Let's be honest. The test could have designed better.  Skin cream and rash has a clean casual link, while gun control and crime connection is more nuanced.
Imagine being the person that buys  the cream and gets his/her rash worsened, that person would hate that product more than anything else 😂
The skin cream question is incomplete without providing if there is a null-effect group or not. This isn't a failure to reason it is perfectly valid with the implied premise that the trails were evenly distributed, but inert results were simply omitted from the data, and that is the more reasonable assumption to make because that's how human trails are actually done.
1:27 so I'm dumb? Cuz I got it right.
Let's consider any yes or no question on whatever as if on skin cream.
ugh....trying to show that access to data and intelligence won't change opinions.    This is why lefties are going around calling conservatives evil and trying to kill them.    Maybe stop trying to incite violence?
a lot of their "what ifs" on gun control are valid... but they werent asked to debate gun control. just solve this ficticious mathematical problem that does not have a different answer based on your beliefs and neither do your beliefs need to change. as it is a made up scenario. similarly if you are pro-gun control this made up scenario should not embolden your beliefs
The first problem I saw with the question is that the control group was much smaller than the experimental group. Therefore the experiment was not carried out correctly.
Honestly, it's basically a trick question that relies on people not noticing the difference in group sizes because common sense just dictates that both groups are the same size, and we then reason within that framework. So of course people concluded that the cream works in 52% of cases. And even though it has the slight potential of making it worse, that wouldn't stop anybody of at least trying. This reasoning makes complete sense.  It really took me a while to notice this discrepancy, and of course everything became clear then. And if you had given the questioned this little hint after getting it wrong, I'm sure many more would have picked up on this as well. You definitely should have mentioned this before diving into comparing proportions because this is not what threw people off.
People just dont wanna see the real data... figures!
The fact that a significant percentage of (adult) people (who are allowed to vote, drive, choose what they are going to have for dinner, ...), can get the answer wrong on any of these is honestly quite shocking.
title seems misleading as the cause seems to be more politicized people do worse than being math literate?
I'm pretty sure I would've aced all of those tests. I would just strictly look at the data and try to compare the numbers proportionally
The thing about climate change is that conservatives have more to lose if they are wrong.  If the liberals are wrong then there's no climate change. If the conservatives are wrong then they have been opposing the solution.
I love how the chart at 11:45 shows that the conservatives were the ones who changed their minds more after being more curious.
I'm not gonna try answering. I'm afraid I might do too well 😢
We disagree about the definition of "smart" in this video.   This video is only true if "smart" means unobservant and terrible at analysing data.
I didn't expect such delusions from them. There are two different questions. When you have to count the numbers, it's one thing. And when they ask you about something that can't be answered based on those numbers, they obviously get an answer that those numbers didn't affect in any way. Literacy is absolutely useless here!  There, the woman answered correctly at 3:01, that those numbers don't show how much the rash has decreased or increased for each person. And what's funny, the host replied that this is the perfect answer.) That is, he knew that this experiment was complete nonsense.) Now imagine how you can put the question about weapons into 4 numbers)))
I only came here to say that I am anti skub.  Skub is bad and only serves to make things worse, in general. No I will not elaborate how. Skub is just bad, the absolute worse.  Ban Skub!
Its concerning that I got this question right immediately
I get a feeling the makers of this video are not very smart, if they cannot even get the title right.
I think it’s pretty clear the recognize the values and their meaning but choose to defend them via other methods it’s not a simple right or wrong and therefore they justify it. I doubt they simple became dumber in 20 seconds.
“Intuitive answer.” Bigger number better. 😂
Q in the first one I am assuming there are Same number of people in each group
6:37 wow, that’s a massive queue of people waiting to take your test. You must have been there all day.
When I saw it was just proportions I was so confused I decided to lock in the opposite answer because i thought there must be some trick. Another case of bias coming into play, fitting for the video.
Between the numerous IQ tests I took during an obsession with how they worked, plus my level of success in school and life I believed I was kinda smart...but I thought these were really simple and got them correct so guess I must be mistaken.  I can't get past them not giving the total sample sizes though, actually makes answering the question impossible without inferences and assumptions.
Solve the ticking time bomb puzzle: 45,000 miles of water main pipes just hit their life expectancy. The bomb -  there made from concrete and asbestos under the name Transite pipe. The government fix is to allow 7 million fibers per liter in your drinking water. We recently learned what happens when a town hits that 7 million mark. Nothing, they can't afford to fix it. Their argument is, it's safe to drink. Reality, don't shower, water the lawn, clean your counters, or put out fires with it. The last town was at 98% fiber in their water. People were itchy after showering. This is a huge problem, right?
For some reason, the second time really screwed me up because the icons for what was actually done, the experimental group, had the red slash. But this indicator was used in the first example to indicate the control.  To make matters even worse these icons were reversed on the charts of the people are using.
3:01  Question: What is the % likelihood that this woman voted for Trump?  4:25 Wow! I wrote the above before this little tidbit.  Prediction: Conservatives can’t f*ck*ng count.
Question 1 is intentionally misleading. If you made it clear that there were the same number of people in each group, everyone would get the right answer. dumb question
Is er een proces opgezet om deze films te vertalen?  Maar wel met een beheerde woordenboek of thesaurus. De lokale bevolking kan zo groeien in kennis en inzicht. NL-BE,NL-NL,NL-ZA kunnen elkaar dan verstaan en bijdragen zoals ”NATO phonetic alphabet ”.
Solution: avoid political labeling. Also: here's the service to label news politically.  Couldn't help but note the irony of it 😂
I would wonder how people with high numeracy would answer if asked the skin cream question first, then the gun control question after with higher numbers but in the same ratio.  Seeing them use rational thought to come to the conclusion on the first question, only to become irrational on the 2nd ignoring the very math they used on the first one would have been interesting.
فيديو مهم جدا يجب على الجميع مشاهدته
And i though this would be hard
Feels like this was a test if people could keep being objective or would turn subjective based on what the question was about. Skin cream, most could keep objective, guns most turned subjective.
Disappointed at the clickbait of this one. You got my click, but you didn't keep me past 1/4th of the video.
The false CLICK BAIT title really changes my opinion about this channel.  I just unsubscribed!  How can I trust your logic when you stoop so low to get me to watch your videos!
I dont agree, I dont ser how a smart people can equivocate the cream test results.
The thing about science is: You seek to disprove your findings.  At the other end of the stick you can go with Hitler, you wrote in "Mein Kampf" (p. 21-22):  "In my youth I read a great deal and in doing so adopted the habit of not storing what I read indiscriminately and without distinction in my memory, but rather of retaining what was valuable to me and, if possible, not letting in the useless at all. (...) Thus, in the course of the years, a world picture and a world view were formed in me, which became the foundation of my actions at that time. To that which I once created for myself, I have had to add only a little; I needed to change nothing."
I do not think it is only politics: people automatically want to reason in cases when they think they can, as you could see about skincare, too. But most people think they do not know much about skincare products specifically, so they resort to numbers as the only solution. For gun control, they automatically try to use their judgment. It would be interesting to see the same study on a less political or no political subject where people still think they have enough information to argue about even without numbers
I had to mull this over for a while before I could formulate a cogent comment.  Changing the study from skin cream to gun control made the numbers instantly confusing for me and I initially assumed the politics of it introduced so much mental noise that the numbers didn't make sense anymore.  Then I contemplated for a bit and I realized in the skin cream analogy, the control group did nothing ( applied no cream).  In the gun analogy, you cannot have a control where "nothing" is done, it's either one policy enacted, or another.  It's not a fair comparison and collapses as an illogical study.  Did anyone else see it the same way?
i thought there is correlation between gun control and crime rates. people who want to commit crimes even if there is no gun control or gun control is enforced. I was expecting t tests , correlation to be part of the discussion. The people need not accept the validity of the data based on proportions alone, its a sample collected from a small group of people. It may have biases and may not reflective of the population as a whole. We don't know if these attributes are correlate to each other or independent. people are rational when they choose a fact not reflected in the data because they are as rational as the people who have participated in the suvey(based on which we are seeing the numbers).  Last but not least , this is not just a numerical problem but a statistical problem  and there is no right answers. Its the reasons that you should have asked from the people to check if they have arrived at the answer rational or they have political bias. Thank you for this video
Bro at the beginning goes "that number looks bigger" as an example of a smart person.
I think the high numeracy were very aware what the numbers meant, but they just chose not to say the correct conclusion that went against their ideology
Tribalism beats smartness  Kind of an eye opener. Smart people could be more bigoted, because they utilize their smarts in defending their beliefs. Again, bigotry is actually loyalty to one's tribe, a defense against ostracization.
It’s better to put on the cream. The example of those who don’t use it is too small to count as a valid percentage... If only one person hadn’t used it, and that person happened to do well without it, it would mean that 100% of people supposedly shouldn’t use the cream — and that wouldn’t be a valid example. You just have to add the diagonals in this exercise, and it shows that it’s better to use the cream.
i mean, you gotta be an absolutely uneducated idiot to NOT realize that you can solve this via proportions. It's so ridiculously obvious and you don't even need to correcty calculate for that. Just barely looking at the numbers makes it obvious that the control group has somewhere of an 5:1 split, while the cream group is somewhere near 3:1 . That's literally 4th/5th grade basic multiplication table math...
What is numeracy ?
Nice choosing America BTW
What if you believe in both, In my own belief, world is Yin and Yang, so it's always be kind of both like everything is the same side but some side is more dominant than the other side and vice versa.
This is what is happening in Indian politics too. BJP has polarized indians so much that people also support their bad decisions, even the educated people. People are afraid to support opposition (AAP or Congress) as they feel they won't fit in the society, if they oppose BJP. PS: I am not a BJP hater.
3:00 this responde is boiling my blood 😂💢
so your not asking people a math question, your asking them a political question and giving them fake numbers to see if they will read the numbers correctly. this doesnt show smarter people do worse at math it shows that smarter people are more likely to try and justify their political leanings even if you present them with fake numbers that are contrary. maybe its because they believe the numbers are wrong.
3:00 "yeah i dont think the numbers mean anything to me" ITS A MATH QUESTION NOT A MEDICAL QUESTION
Part of the solution would be not having such polarizing candidates on both sides. I feel like i remember politicians used to at least tell you why to vote for them, now they just tell you why NOT to vote for the other candidate.
So made-up data from a fake study was presented to people of various capabilities and as a whole they often got it wrong then the made-up data was presented again but it was about politics and the people got it more wrong? Incredible, politics made it worse, just like it always does.
What's most odd about the dem/rep gun control result is that Rs appeared to have a linear response when the study matched their political belief (increasing numeracy proportional to understanding the results), but the Ds seem to have had trouble accepting the results entirely regardless of numeracy when it opposed their beliefs (never recovering even at high numeracy) and still had trouble even when it matched their beliefs up to a numeracy of 5 or so.  Hmmm.
I'm inclined to give both the Ds and the Rs since slack on the gun control "study" just because they tended to reject the results that seemed "illogical" to them rather than rejecting them out of hand - after all, it wasn't that long ago that even this channel noted that about half of all social science "studies" could not be replicated, so it's not unreasonable to doubt study results that seem contrary to logic, even if your logic is merely intuitive.
Conclusion: Political bias makes you stupider at math.
That first question is an intro stat type question…
This video is an example of a way that something could change my view. The experiment is shown in a logical way that doesn't have any clear gaps in logic or clearly better experiments. However, I would need to dig deeper into it for it to truly change my view. That said, I know I am not immune to bias.
"oh just focus on regional solutions to problems affecting the residence" ok how does that solve global warming?! It doesn't because we are aren't, we just patching up the symptoms. It's like someone having rectal bleeding due to cancer and you telling them to shove bunch of band-aids up there. Those type of solutions WILL NOT WORK. The temperature will get higher, the forests will get drier, and the life will be dire. Florida can build all the flood prevention they want, but those parts of the land will get bellow sea level. With stronger and higher frequency of hurricanes they will flood, and then they will not drain with out them constantly and actively pumping it out, which going to need energy, which is going to to be done with glorious clean coal! Which i'm sure will not contribute to the issue. There is no incentive to actually sort out man made global warming when we just focus on the direct issues facing the residents that are caused by global warming with out actually doing something about the GLOBAL WARMING PART "We can just adapt" is the conservative line when they are finally backed into the corner that climate change is real, but then they argue it's not human made. Which is true WE can adapt but can THEY adapt? people who live in countries a lot poorer who are going to have to immigrate to countries that can afford to adapt? What about animals? coral? plants? what we going to do what we do to coral but with every animal? breed in captivity and let out into the wild only to be wiped out by another heat wave?!
How though? If you are smart, you would first question whether these numbers are real, and then you would figure out the answer using mathematics. Why go with your beliefs on a math question, because you know that this question doesn't involve real politics?
the gun control tables are very nebulous because the cities could have any number more or fewer cases but still only represent one binary worse/better for the table
Bias, this video doesn't explain this.
so people who didn't use the cream for their rashes increased gun violence for their city. got it!
Liberal cherry-picked propaganda
What you are saying does not align with the graph that you show. It's not the the people high in numeracy that are most effected according to your graph, it's the ones in the middle, or more precise, people slightly above average.  This aligns perfectly with my views about midwits. Rational enough to see the conflict, irrational enough to overrule whatever the truth is with ideological nonsense.  I can't stand them, you can't reason with them but they also won't leave it alone like someone less intelligent would. They should all be forced to only communicate on Reddit so the rest of us never have to hear them.
I’m a smart person and I have to say it literally took about 1 minute of thought to get it right (on the first try)
“There are no solutions, only trade-offs." -Thomas Sowell
no hate but you would need a fixed number because you would need to see if percentage increase and decrease and for the gun thingy crimes are too general because i could say shoplifting and that is still a crime and to be honest this is not a proper comparison and i don't hate veritasium and love this channel as the channel  has alot of things you can learn but this is not clear enough
I'll bet this applies to all forms of bias, not just political. I would love to see your team's approach to cognitive biases, and the implications for all forms of observational science.
Your whole concept is bogus. On the skin cream, it is a medical issue and the standard is "do no harm". You only look at the negative data that 75 people in the test group got worse, while only 23 in the control group got worse, therefore the cream fails. On gun cotrol, you can show me any data you like and I know outside of your test that Liberals lie to support their cause because they believe the end justifies the means, and they believe that their intent to do good miticgate the damage they cause by being wrong.  After they lie to the public and implement their stupid idea and it fails, they justify this by saying they had good intentions. Further, women who are the majority of the test sample are afraid of guns and would rather face a bear in the woods than a strange man - they are irrational. Fortunately in the US we have the Second Ammendment.
I got stuck on the question,,, I didn't understand 'which made the rash better'.  ,,,,, All I could think was 'better at what'. .   perhaps. I should remember that Americans have bastardised my language. 😅
I don’t agree with your psychosocial conclusion 9:20 I think it shows a surface level desire to want to be correct in the facts for what they are, but a deeper resistance to information that is contrary to their tribes customs. That’s different than “people deluding themselves to stay with their tribe” that sounds like they are taking an active role when I think this study points to a much more unconscious tribalism.   Another confounding variable is high literacy people will also know data can be manipulated, and data can be used to push a perspective, and this unconscious foreknowledge might hesitate the participant, which allows them to justify a reinterpretation — because surely we all think we are on the side of good, and that means correct as well.   Still, this is more evidence that we suffer from natural intellectual bias. Don’t I know it 😵‍💫
its definitely a good old "you are not immune to propaganda," moment but in reality the smarter someone gets the better rationalizations that the person can make, even making ones that convince themselves
As a Cultural Anthropologist who studied statistics for social sciences, I find your thesis in this video to be absolutely absurd, since you are trying to measure how data is interpreted and want respondents to reason solely on the base of arbitrary numbers, but that is not how humans think.
People don't like data that threatens their world view
The title of this video is misleading.
Thats super interesting!
The the question itself is tricky because is focusing on the cream and is phrased using the words "better" and "worse" linked to the cream. A more fair question should have been  "is it better (or worse) to take the cream rather let your immune system alone do the job?"
Hahahahahahaha ugh
yup, humans will kill itself sooner or later... i wonder what would be the next intelligence species on earth after humans, i figure the dolphins?
I saw this imediatly and now I'm worried that I'm dumb. I just got the 4:15 section, grabbing popcorn.
There are serious flaws in the study. The woman at 03:05 is on to something: "I need to know, what's the rash...etc". While it's not necessary, as she says, to know what kind of creme is applied, the statistics don't really mean much as long as you don't know how many participants are in every cohort, which is never stated explicity. If, like in the gun study, there where 1111 participants in total, it's not clear how they split the people in two even cohorts. Let's assume there were 555 in every one. While it makes mathematical sense to say that given the first version of the question, more people got relatively better, because a higher percentage got better than worse in comparison to the second cohort (of course, more people got better in both groups in the first version of the question), it is questionable  in general if a sub-group of either 21 or 75 percent having their condition getting worse would be considered acceptable. 21 people of 555 are still 3.8 percent. But 75 out of 555 are 13.6 percent. Having so many people worse off than before, of course the creme wouldn't be considered safe, but not for the explanation given (relative numbers)! But it would help to know, what skin disease we're actually talking about and how exactly "getting worse" or "getting better" is precisely defined!  That's only to show that even the first medical example is flawed. Now, as to the second invented study. This is comparing apples and oranges. Pro second amendment folks, usually reply in respect to gun control laws in cities that you can't ignore the fact that the respective city isn't isolated from the rest of the country and they're right about this one. Mind you, I'm a person who thinks that the absence of sensible gun-laws in the US is insane! Nevertheless, the way in which the question is presented here, does in no way reflect all the factors that influence crime statistics. It's way more complex.  That being said, checking the comment section, it seems no-one is surprised that our convictions, preconceptions, values etc. influence our perception of statistics and most people would admit that they aren't free from bias. Surprise, surprise! It is worth pointing out again that the statistics are - as is explicity stated - invented. Now, are the people who interpret them according to their preconceptions (which might just be brainwashing or actually real knowledge about the question) really that wrong?  The whole study seems to me to be an example of a useless study that "proves" something we knew all along, failes to provide crucial information - therefore presents unanswerable questions as answerable (it's not possible to say, given the information, if the creme betters the condition) and then misinterprets the data.  Edit: I must admit that I didn't even watch the video completely. But having read some more comments, I realized that I might have misunderstood the first alleged study in one detail. It seems that there weren't even 555 people in every cohort, but 298 in the first and 128 in the second. This makes it even worse! Though it's not unusual in medical studies that the control group is smaller, that increases the percentage of participants who get worse to 34 percent. I assumed that there were more people who neither got worse nor better. In any case, none of those important details are given. My conclusion is that either the study is worthless, or the presentation sucks or both.
I like your channel but this is I think maybe the only video I've watched of yours that was somewhat disappointing.  The title is a little misleading.  And the conclusion seems hasty.   I mean, it's not the case that there are a special class of math problems on which smart people do worse.  Instead all it shows is that some topics have a ton of baggage and will cause people not to view them as mathematical problems, or at least not entirely mathematical.  And to ascribe it all to tribalism seems premature without having ruled out other flaws in the questions, like for instance, a tendency to conflate with data the subjects have seen before, silently considering other factors that could be at play in a real world setting but not presented in the problem, strong emotional reaction to the topic, etc.  From what I saw, the study's questions seemed to share a common flaw in that they were asking about complex systems.   Those really invite people to stray outside the bounds of the problem, in terms of their reasoning.  I would have liked to have seen questions that limit scope a little more and yet are still quite loaded in partisan terms.  So something like vaccine injury is far more comparable to the skin cream question, for instance.  Or common core curriculum and its effects on test scores - still complex but not as complex as gun policy effect on crime or questions about the climate, and more directly connected to the outcomes being tested.  And I would also have liked to have seen questions that are less likely to evoke visceral emotion.  Because gun control does evoke on both sides, not just because "it's partisan" but because of horrific mass shootings on one side and fear of government oppression and such on the other.  A better question might have centered on the efficacy of higher tax and spend policies vs lower tax and spend.  It's a little emotional perhaps but not nearly as emotional as a thing like gun control.  Or maybe  a more specific policy concept like cap and trade, tariffs, rent control, etc.  With a greater variety of questions I wonder if you'd find the partisan effects weaken significantly or even disappear for certain questions while remaining strong for others, and that would lend more confidence in the conclusions, whatever they might be.  EDIT:  also I think the video just kind of glosses over the fact that people on the more intelligent side lean more fiercely partisan, and this is in part because they tend to have ingested and analyzed more evidence and argumentation than others have, before you ever ask them the question.  So psychologically when you present new data, it's competing with a mountain of past thought and analysis, instead of a hill.  And that's not actually a bad thing.  The more one has seen a lot of reporting and data, the more skeptical they become of new data, and part of that is because of the way science literature filters into the mainstream.  I.e., media doesn't tend to highlight the most solid and well-founded conclusions, instead it usually highlights the most speculative and sensational, and often, the most partisan.  People have become conditioned to tune out isolated bits of data to some extent.
I loved the comment,  I attended a zoom meeting with the other party and I was kind of scared cause it sounded just like my party. Lol, exactly I got friends and family on both sides and they all sound the same.
The US is pretty exceptional in its tribalism. It divides everything into boxes to put people into. Politics, sports, genders, etc. Especially the politics one is pretty unique to countries that only have two political parties.
Good video, very thought-provoking.  The title's a little misleading, but I'd say that's probably necessary to avoid setting up a bias ahead of time.  Also, raise your hand if you did the math to see if accounting for people whose condition was unchanged during the study changed the answer to the question.
I experienced something similar to the cream experiment when I was in high school. My country had just recently introduced standardized tests, but for subjects like math and language you could choose the difficulty level: A – advanced, or B – basic. If you went to a trade school, it was more common to take the B test in math. I went to trade school and only had math for 2 out of my 4 years of schooling. But schools like gymnasiums, which my sister attended, had math, physics, and chemistry, subjects that all included math, and were more suited for the A test.  For some reason, my sister took the B test, expecting it to be a walk in the park, but she was flabbergasted by the questions. They required logic rather than skill, more long, wordy questions instead of straightforward formulas. She ended up getting a score of 3, the same score I got with just my 2 years of math, lol.
This doesnt mean anything. If you have loads of information in a topic, and also know that science can be untrustworthy, defending your own thesis against data is not crazy. One guy already explains data doesn't match his knowledge so he refutes even a fake graph.
If everyone becomes more objective, Is it better or worsened.
This video makes me think less of you.
how about you stick to math and physics and stay away from politics and sociology. we already have too much leftist crap polluting American thought. we don't need an Australian here mucking things up more. stay down under and unphuck your own pc tyranny
I love how this is talking about the dangers of partisan beliefs but then at the end the advice is essentially just “treat republicans like babies and sugar coat stuff like climate change by calling it something else” 😂
Ur kind of missing the aspect that when it’s a topic that affects them in some way and that they’ve received specific  information about before, making decisions about the validity of the conclusion in context rather than focusing on the presented results of the survey (which seems exactly like what ppl were doing) can absolutely b a good thing, and is less about partisanship influencing reasoning (even tho that totally does happen at a large scale, what u showed seemed to involve different factors). Context matters.   If ur approaching and filming/interviewing ppl on the street w a VERY simplified set of numbers, the participant is considering 1) your validity/expertise to talk on the subject, 2) the likelihood that the setup IS intended to misinform in a partisan way, 3) that ur playing a ‘gotcha’ (which u DO by saying they’re not real statistics) so they’re deciding to stick w what their beliefs and existing knowledge as a way of not playing into your game, 4) the weight of the information, w the setup implying that the focus is on the topic and opinion thereof rather than the numbers/study, such that they decide not to throw out much more contextually legitimate information to latch onto ‘data’ that someone they’ve never met filming them in the street is showing, and 5) that w all that in mind (and the focus being put on the validity of the topic/opinion itself rather than a calculation) they would rather make sure that they’re expressing what they know [much better], believe, their values, and smth closer to truth so if it gets seen by on social media u aren’t as able to distort and decontextualize their replies to for your predetermined narrative (when ironically u p much did exactly that anyway), and that what they find more important and true is being shared both for others and so they can know for themselves they weren’t swayed by a non source in support of smth against their values   W that, while there’s definitely ways it can b problematic/exploited, especially in this context it’s a GOOD thing that ppl are thinking critically about the information they’re being shown, it’s intent/motives, it’s potential misrepresentation, etc when they’re provided no context as to the who’s, how’s, what’s, or why’s of the data, and when they’re basing a conclusion of it representing truth (moreso vague judgements of aligning w reality not the answer u were trying to measure about the ‘results’ of the study itself) it’s GOOD that they’re considering the totality, quality, and amount of time they’ve been able to consider the information that would found their conclusions that simply incorporate this info. Plus without further context that could validate the value of the data, it makes total sense that ppl would mentally nullify it’s influence or ability to reach a conclusion, abd so they defer to a standing opinion pushed in no specific direction except forward in that the existing force is propelled by having an overt event where ur basically made to further justify your opinions/truth in comparison to a nullified contrary argument in the study (leaving your beliefs as the only conclusion based on any source at all). It probably would’ve been a lot more valuable to compare responses to two opposite conclusion real studies w sources and explanation, a pair of fake politicized diametric studies and a pare of fake unlabeled/uncontextualized diametric studies as controls (and phrasing the question as “what conclusion does this data come to” vs “did [blank] variable increase or decrease [blank] outcome”like how u did)  It’s not that ideology doesn’t affect literacy, but this method has a lot of problems that prevents it from showing that and especially ignores the context that the presentation (and often foundations) of research on politicized social topics in our society is always going to have an implied intent or interest behind it — a context that ppl live in and have adapted to consider.
Actually my first thought on the cream question was "Inconclusive. Need more research. Seems like some people benefit, but it comes with increased side effects". 😂   But yes, I considered proportions and I answered correctly.
So many times i jeopardized my place in a work environment, juat by speaking the truth.
as soon as i saw the mock results i went to my calculator- 298 total with cream, 128 total without. with cream: 75% improved, 25% worsened. without cream, 84% improved, 16% worsened.
So if I answer wrong, I'm actually smarter than previously thought?
1) These 'smarter' people are not educated in analyzing study results, and that makes a huge difference  2) You're catching people in public, where their sympathetic nervous system supersedes in their reactions and responses.  At least two disproportionately unfair and highly biased confounders that, in a real study, would completely disqualify the results
I'm really confused. Full disclaimer I'm VERY bad at mathematics. But I got the initial question correct by working out the percentages of what cream helped based on the total number of samples.  So the conclusion here is that people who are good with numbers are more likely to gloss over them, generalize, and go with other beliefs rather than pay attention to the math or?
to me it sounded like the republican guy understood the data but just explained why the data could be faulty. So he wasnt proven wrong but im sure hes in the wrong sample
7:04 it is interesting to see that while the general trend holds across both groups, the relative difference for the blue group when the results are inverted is significant tighter than with the red group. While the same trend emerges in all scenarios, the blue group seemed increasingly willing to admit a position contrary to their ideological position at lower numeracy than vis versa, and has a much tighter grouping when accepting either result. The highest result for the red group when presented with numbers contrary to their preconceived position at the highest numeracy of 9 is barely higher than the level at which the blue group accepted the inverse at almost all numeracy levels.
I got it right
This is a flawed study because the people do not see the data as either fact or hypothetical. If you think the person got their data from a fallible source, then by all means, apply your prior knowledge as well. They need to be fully aware that the data provided is all that they’re supposed to use, otherwise you’re showing nothing other than your own inability to conduct a study. You aren’t measuring bias, you’re measuring, well… not much actually. I’m not saying that they aren’t biased, just that you didn’t show that they are.
nah many people are just disingenuous to push their agenda and assume your statistics are fake and that you're pushing yours
you shouldnt think by proportions about crime rate or ANY healthcare issue. It can be devastating in results.
I figured it out in the beginning its easy
298 gets cream, 128 gets nothing, and then compare? This should not be taken seriously in any way.  Averages get better the bigger the number, so the results for the group that got cream is more accurate than the group that did not get it, this iscmainly just for fun.
This is an excellent video
Proportional reasoning is how you get out of being bamboozled by prices. "Oh, it's only 50 cents more" but if it was originally $2, that's a 25% increase.   Basically, training yourself to think in proportions is a good habit and makes quick math easy
what are the numbers for this? : gets out a calculator to do 100/20 and 220/70. Edit: Im just an asian who's salty caus i wasnt allowed to use a calculator as a kid.
Doesn't help that most political data can't be trusted. I have zero trust in 99% of the news outlets most people rely on for their information
i got it wrong EZ
Relative risk is <1 therefore there is no improvement. The "intelligent" people just did not know biostats.
Theory... dumb people are dumb and don't listen to truth. that's what this video is prooving
I see two problems with these graphs. First, where are all the people who don't support both of these political parties? Second, the interviewer is trying to make it seem like people are answering incorrectly only because they are unconsciously starting to think irrationally. It seems to me that most people are deliberately answering incorrectly because they simply don't trust the interviewer. Everyone knows how often statistics are adjusted to fit the desired result. And given the question about political preferences, it's easy for respondents to imagine newspaper headlines about members of one of the parties allegedly changing their minds about carrying guns (with the survey results presented below, of course). Although I am also very confused that even about the cream, 25% of people with the highest numeracy score answered incorrectly (and most people answer incorrectly anyway).
As a math major, I would never dare to draw a conclusion from just 4 numbers in such a contextualized question as the second case though.
Where are you from? -- The opening salvo.
This kind of sounded more like "you say this data is real, but I am skeptical" than "I know this is a math problem, but I want the other answer" in most cases. Those are different reactions, and I'm having the first one right now. I'm not sure this test showed what it meant to show (although I tend to think the overall conclusion has some merit, but maybe not as badly as we sometimes fear).
On These Math Problems, Smarter 2-digits People Do Worse ?
I answered correctly, but I paused the video right on the frame with the question and took about two minutes.  First thing I noticed was a proportional delta between the experimental and control group, was too lazy to use a calculator to check the precise ratio but it was evident enough that it was obvious. That would be a failed skin cream formula.  now I stopped this video at 2:02, so I’m sure there is a catch here somewhere and I inevitably missed something, and now I’m about to be told all those years of postgrad and autodidact study meant nothing, where wasted, and I’m an idiot.  Let the games begin.
Genuinely I think this is one of your worst, most clickbaity videos ever.
gun control affects different crimes, one such being genocide
no using the proportion is not good reasoning because if only 1 got worse then and only 6 got better, no1 would choose that, because people are looking for a floor on positive ratio and then a high chance of the treatment actually doing something rather than nothing
Admittedly got the skin cream question wrong. My fault was assuming that both groups had the same amount of people, and any in a hypothetical 'no change' category were removed from the final chart. Assuming a binary improve or worsened state to this hypothetical felt incorrect to me, but I suppose I should've.
What are the actual stats on gun crime and restriction relation in your country? Just out of interest.
Main problem with the data as presented is that the size of the two groups aren't the same. Secondary problem is that there's no "No change" result.. Tertiary problem is that the degree of improvement/worsening is not accounted for.
My first thought was that there must be a 3rd number that isn't being shown of people who didn't get better or worse and that's why there's fewer people in the control group. That makes it more complicated because that would mean the cream is both more likely to help but also carries a higher risk of making it worse.  Anyway, good video. I've always been a contrarian myself, I wonder why some of us are like that.
Genius Thumbnail!
"Smart people do worse" *Proceeds to ask people who don't even understand proportions and considers them smart*
It’s just proportions?
I think the problem comes from skepticism of methods. People don’t trust political studies to be unbiased. People have even been so much as questioning polling methods each election cycle since Trump got elected the first time. Did you know Donald Trump has outperformed over 95% of ALL state polling averages for each of his campaigns. That’s 150 state polling averages that overfavored democrats. It was so bad the first two times that when I saw how “close” the averages were with Kamala I knew for a fact that it was over before Election Day even came. People have reason to be skeptical. They don’t want to be deceived by people in higher power. However, theres something to be said about people not even questioning the methods and just saying the study is wrong.
Yeah the cream that made 75 people worse must be so much better than made 21 people worse. WTF Veritasium. What actually is true is smart people are far more likely to hold onto incorrect beliefs because they are excellent at creating arguments to justify them. That's why we have "Smart" people who think we should let middle aged men into women's changing rooms and have 8 years olds opt into gender transitioning.
Reminds me of the Bayesian stuff
i didnt watch til end but what about people who did not get worse and better
Wait. You’re saying that people approach politics emotionally, not intellectually?! I would’ve never guessed.
There's a reason for this. Because your asking the brain to do mathimatical calculations while asking a different question(an analysi). Obviously the the brain will abandon the computing part and resort more to their gut feeling...  If you put percentage instead of numbers. Then i would bet they would ALL get the answer correctly..  -Renz fabian
damn so i guess "smart" people are actually just midwits huh lmfao
I still don't get it. If you take the skin cream, 116 people see their rashes improve while only 54 get worse. So more people improve than worsen — how is the cream not working?
"Both sides believe they came to the conclusion they have with considering data" feels somewhat misleading, in the sense that regardless of what anyone thinks, that data still shows a specific outcome. Much like your study, some people got it right for the wrong reasons, some got it wrong for the wrong reasons. They both used the wrong reasons, but one of them is still right
This study just doesn't sit well with me, it was really easy to tell that the no cream was better, just by seeing that 107/128 is .84 and 223/298 is .75. if someone were better at math, that would be the obvious answer, I guess it's just being in front of the camera and too much confidence.
I got the 1st question wrong, where I’m supposed to get the ‘right’ answer that the cream is bad. I thought the cream might be polarizing, helps some, hurts others. Could recognize the numbers but thought the data was lacking, that the study required further inquiry.   Also, an important thing to realize for public policy (and data collection related to it) is that when you stare at the void, the void stares back. When you try to make observations about people (individually, societally, or the laws they make) they can absolutely change their response for any variety of causes (including predictable reasons)
I love these sorts of problems—specifically the ones that kids get instantly and adults completely flub. As a programming hobbyist, whenever I get the gut feeling I might be overcomplicaing things, I remind myself of these bad boys and run through the steps again. For me, it's a great way to adhere to the KISS (keep it simple, stupid) standard. If you're writing nightmare code, either you're a greenhorn, a egotist, or you want job security.
❤
More than half the people still got it right. Not sure how you're able to ignore that, perhaps your own positive bias towards relativism.
This whole video is a lie if you do the math the cream worked. Out of the total 298 people who use the cream it worked in 25% of people and on the control 128 people didn't use the cream and only saw 16% of people get better! Whole video is a setup to talk about politics
I guess im less intelligent because that skin cream question was simple.  Wait... the findings show that more intelligent people get it right... so the title is bs.
And here I am, (maybe) overthinking the problem: what about the number of people where the cream had no effect at all? How big are the groups to begin with? Are they as many as the sums, or are there neutral cases?
worse, lets say u multiply the results of the "no cream" side by 2, u get 214 improve and 42 worsened, way better than with cream, gg ez 5 seconds looking at the damn board
i feel bad for the guys who were classified on 0 for knowledge 😭
I got it wrong.  Moving along now with my grandious sense of self.
There are no "smarter" people.  There are only those with more privilege and less privilege.  There are also no males and females given the recently discovered fluidity of gender.  I learned these two facts on my recent trip to Canada.  Also, numbers are quite racist and, therefore, numeracy is misogynistic.  A PhD gender studies candidate yelled me this; so I know it's true.
This is not a good study. People that don't understand ratios are stupid. Smart people like myself got this correct straight away
1:30 thats what I did.
cant believe i got it right. that means im stupid because "smarter poeple do worse" lmaoo
Maybe we should stop thinking average people are smart people.  A very slim proportion of people completely understand mathematics.
As someone with a math degree, I was fully expecting to be "wrong" by using the ratio rationale (and I was expecting the 'correct' reasoning to be that we should assume the sample size of the two groups were the same size, in which case the second group would have many hidden 'no change' patients, in which case the cream would still be better than placebo despite the higher number of worsening rashes).
So, independent thought doesn't exist? Help please, I'm pretty slow...💔
But the cream showed more improvements than worsening, suggesting it may have helped. Awful setup and no clear answer, as you provide no hypothesis as to how both groups showed such marked improvement.
Imagine the irony of posting this video and it barely changes the minds of anybody.
Breaking news: Politics makes people stupid.
"Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them." David Hume (1711-1776), on motivated reasoning - so, human nature hasn't changed much‼
As a Communism citizen i see this as an absolute win
To me, the research data doesn't seem odd: the higher you are on that scale, the more you are the type of person who thinks for themselves. And as you do in your life, you gather all the data and elaborate on that to believe something or something else. So if a new, tiny data, comes in and says otherwise, you naturally weight it against your previous elaboration and conclude of that what you want.
I think I have a reasoning for choosing the "wrong" answer to the skin cream question. We want medication to have an effect, if it turns out to be a bad one we can just not apply it anymore. The way the question is phrased it sounds like the second option has a higher rate of no effect whatsoever. Granted that negative effects wont be long term there is a benefit to choosing the one with higher impact.
Doesn't all the data in this prove that only high numeracy scores actually allow people to understand what's happening to the point that they're more likely to get the right answer?  High numeracy mapping to higher accuracy in responses seems to be the opposite of what the title of this video implies is happening.
bro i immediately chose the bottom one it’s so obvious
The chart at 4:00 shows that from numeracy scores of 0-7, *since it's a yes/no answer*, people are about as good as literal guesses, so nobody is right. It's interesting that numeracy scores of 0-3 on the first version of the question are getting actively mislead into the wrong answer as opposed to being "just as good as guessing" though.
I don't blindly answer potentially short sighted information. if approached with the skin cream it looks to be a simple math question. once you get into political or social arenas then you HAVE to ask questions cause its always going to be be more nuanced than a simple math question. if the math question became known to be connected to a specific brand it would immediately fall into the questionable category. who is advertising and who is seeking to shut them down being the very first question. as a centrist I have people on the left and the right that don't care for my political and/or social opinions. as for the fun control question... what are the parameters, what are the raw numbers, are all data points and variables accounted for. with any statistics, people can alter the studies and make them lean one way or another upon interpretation... and to keep myself in check I will actually debate myself to see if there was any relevant data not accounted for. I would rather be correct through examination, than the "one in the right" because of an opinion.
the call to action is purely reactive. If you only handle climate change after the oceans are overflowing, we’re already cooked
som proportions question, then politics, then i solved both the gun control problems, then you showed me that actually i just showed there was no correlation, not that smarter ppl did worse. rip
the gun control doesn't work because people who are criminals don't care about laws
So, most people don't understand fractions. Yeah, I knew that for some time.
I think that the first proposed solution is, unfortunately, unacceptable. You can't try to sneak small scale, local climate change legislation in under the noses of climate-denying (or climate-contrarian) voters and expect that to work every time.  The sentence "Climate change is real and man-made." is either true or false. We either need major, conscious political effort to respond to it or we don't. Either half the American electorate is deluded and misled by Rupert Murdoch or the other half is deluded and misled by (throws arrow at "Bogeyman of the week" dartboard) George Soros.  Maybe a post-tribal politics would be nice, but you can't sit and twiddle your thumbs, waiting for that to happen. Things are happening right now and the scientific community needs to throw its weight behind the tribe that doesn't want to defund the entire scientific community, even if some of the people in that tribe arrived at the right conclusion by the wrong method.
I am good at math but i got it right
Oh I just intuitively looked at the  proportions in the first example and got the correct answer
1:25 nah I thought 75 t0 21 the rash worsened for more than 3 times as many people with the cream, but it got better for only a little over 2 times as many with cream. So the ratio for worsened from without to with cream is over 3 times higher while it improved only for a bit more than 2. I think I'm thinking right but my explanation is lacking beauty 😂
1:20 Well that's not my intuitive answer luckily. How hard is it to understand, without thinking,  you need to look at the %. I don't know why he even states it's an intuitive correct answer..
True title " Smarter people let their bias negatively impact their rational intelligence more than dumb people"
Can't stand people like the lady at 3:03 you think your being smart (working around some trick question) but your an idiot just answer the damn question and be ok being right or wrong.
I havent watched past 0:49 so far but from what it looks like the experimental lotion had a improve rating of ×2.2 and worsen of ×3 compared to the control which means logically speaking the experimental is worse.  Edit at 1:46 : i reasoned 1/6 people in control worsened while between 1/5 and 1/3 wasn't going to pull out calculator just guesstimated on the numbers had worsened in experimental  Edit at 7:52  Ah so this was actually a study on how emotions play into bias and interpreting data  Edit 10:40 In the reality of the U.S. politics is we have two right wing parties fromed thanks to the consequences of first past the post or winner takes all voting structures. Republican party, at minimum modernly, is more Authoritan FreeMarket, or more right wing. Democrats at minimum modernly, is more liberal socialist but still is in the "right wing" circle.
Meh.  Pretty lame examples with undefined terms.  For instance, did they run the study with different size groups?!  If the group sizes were the same, then the net benefit appears to be in favor of the cream...depending on how you value/interpret what it means for a rash to "worsen."  Also, what if the cream test was run on 1 million people, such small stats would be basically of no value.  The gun control scenario is even worse because it has so many more variables.  What people really need to learn is to see through specious tests and data, and learn what logic actually requires for good reasoning...and learn how to ask the right questions for a problem.
This is basically why I've always hated political parties. I've long noticed they make people stupider, regardless of which side you are on. Because people stop having their own opinions and instead try to justify why their "side" is right. People can always come up with a reason as to why evidence is wrong. Any, and all, evidence.
This is what they should teach us in high school.
I choose to believe what I was programmed to believe!
When you're smart, you tend to complicate things...a natural tendency. Rash improved? It's a ratio. Not the numbers.
Im built different.
10:58 this would be appliable if people actually did care about what's the right thing to do based on data. I'm not from the USA, so I know for a fact that in any other first world country, where fire arms are illegal, crime rates, especially gun related ones, are much lower. As a physics student, I also know for a fact that climate change and pollution are problem, as you do too, based on your videos. I also get why you can't say this openly in a video, but it's not a coincidence that the main vote predictor for a Us state is the level of education.
A great example of why we have blinded studies.
wdym crime improved/worsened the crime rate? the brutality?
I feel scammed, it was just proportions due to different sample sizes </3 if you get this wrong you are NOOOOTTTT good at math. People who are good at math WOOOONN'TTTTT get this wrong!
This is something that has been painfully obvious to me for a long time, but it's nice to see it verified scientifically. Or rather it's nice to know I wasn't just imagining things. When I think about the bigger picture, it becomes very depressing and it reinforces my desire to be abducted by aliens so that I could live among a rational species.
This video is good and also shows something many people tend to forget: Whatever label a person is attributed with or uses for themselves, the biases and provoking traits are not  rooted in the label itself, but due to human nature or the persons own character flaws.  So it is wrong, to project everything someone dislikes about a loud group on all of them, making this a core part of the groups identity, while disregarding the same things done by their own chosen groups or themselves. If people on all sides would realize that and admit and reevaluate their own biases and started to communicate more sincere with each other, things could become a lot better.
My teacher got the proportion thing wrong in elementary school, I'm still mildly salty, but see a lot of people still miss it. 1/3 > 1/4. If you don't agree write it out in decimal form. 0.33 > 0.25. Or if you can draw it out make a pie chart, or pizza chart if you're bored and hungry. But applying simple math to complex studies just doesn't usually work, you simply can't account for all the factors so the results are always with HUGE caveats that pretty much outright refuse to say there's a cause and effect, and probably rightly so.
The problem I have with this is that the accuracy wasn't dipping because the minds of the ignorant sheeple were hopelessly brainwashed to the point that they refused to sway even in the face of damning evidence. The accuracy was dipping because rewording the problem to be about gun control engaged viewers’ prior knowledge in a way that face cream and skin rashes did not.  Consider this problem:  Is it worth paying $1,000 for a small but non-zero chance of receiving effectively infinite money?  Any rational person would say yes. But present the same person with Pascal's wager, and they are likely to get the "wrong" answer, despite the problem being nearly identical.  Or consider an even simpler problem that makes the issue blatantly obvious:  It took Marie ten minutes to fold two paper cranes. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to fold three more paper cranes?  The answer is clearly 15 minutes. Now, "reword" the problem like so:  It took Marie 10 minutes to saw a board into two pieces. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to saw another board into three pieces?  Now, the attentive viewer who correctly objects to using the same method to solve this problem (which uses the exact same numbers) and gives the answer "20 minutes" is, Veritasium would argue, the narrow-minded fool who let their opinions on the matter (i.e., common sense) get the better of them.  My point is that the moral of the story is not that people's opinions skew their ability to reason, but that context is important when considering problems. Real-life issues are not tidy word problems. Conflict arises not because people are irrational tribalists and one side is just wrong but won't admit it, but because different sides have different facts because of failures in communication, and even on the same facts, there are different interpretations.
So the smart guy uses proportion and gets the right answer, the dumb guy goes for the big number and gets it wrong — so how come the smart guy ends up doing worse?
Wouldn't this prove people who are apolitical or coined as "not swayed easllily" would make better scientists as they would be more open minded to conflicting beliefs and changing views?
This actually a common lsat gmat problem. Absolute numbers vs proportions
There are many problems for me, being one of the few people on earth who is completely rational.  1) No one wants to believe that I'm completely rational, because accepting that claim would put your current self below me. 2) People have subconsciously learned through pattern recognition that everyone overestimates their rationality, especially intelligent people. So they assume anyone who claims to be highly rational, is exaggerating and delusional. Never giving thought as to how they would identify an exception to this pattern, if one occurred. 3) My beliefs don't conform to what anyone, including myself, wishes were true. So people inherently have a bias against my beliefs, making them more likely to reject my rationality to protect their own beliefs.  While people are rightful to have skepticism towards anyone who claims complete rationality. If someone who claimed they were completely rational, really were completely rational, how could you perform a test (that doesn't deprive them of basic freedom) to confirm their rationality if you, yourself, are not completely rational? You can't.  Intelligence on the other hand is very easy to prove. My innate talent in every field so easily observable. A constant experience I had during University, was that everyone I met would assume I had their major, because I was well above average in every subject. Everyone who saw my art thought I was an art major. Everyone who read my writings assumed I was a writing major. And so on.  What's really frustrating, is that while my intelligence is so easy to prove without appearing egotistical, my rationality seems impossible to prove. All I can do is tell you how I practice rationality far above the level of most, knowing full well all most will take from it, is that I have a high opinion of myself.
I would argue gun control data and skin care experiment are fundamentally different problem. One is easy to control the other is multi-factorial-> apples and oranges, not the same assumptions therefore not the same data.
One might offer up that scientific '  curiosity ' and scientific ' comprehension ' can be positively correlated... therefore I might be lead to question your information  ...
Methinks you need to stay away from politics, because what you are concluding is not borne out by the data you are presenting ...
Kalamala
👍
I think that when people are presented evidence that contradicts a belief, most rationalize it away. Its propaganda of the other side, its sloppy or shoddy research, the issue is more complicated than the evidence presented, its misinformation, etc. ad nauseum. While we humans are capable of reason and logic, we are fundamentally emotional beings that learn many fundamental lessons about life through pain and pleasure. It feels good to be "right", and its painful to be "wrong", so we will do some serious mental gymnastics to convince ourselves we're "right".
How is the numeracy score determined?
The proof that confirmation bias exists makes me uncomfortable and I refuse to believe it... 🫠
it's not so strange, so many of these studies are bs and how do you quantify less crime, like less reported crime, less gun crime but other crimes increased etc. You hear them try to explain away from their already held belief disregarding the numbers shown. And I would say rightly so as these numbers were just made up so they disregard them and go with what they already believe in
Best evaluate the data blind. Column A and B. Deal with the results and your own bias once the math is done. No other way to leave your prejudices at the door, we are all human.
If you have like 5 seconds to answer the question then ya you will get it wrong but otherwise, I don't see how you would.
Doesn't saying that the rash got better mean that the skin got worse ? I don't want the rash to improve, I want my skin  to improve.  I never seem to understand what's being asked on a test. 😢
TLDR bias is powerfull and works against you
I’d be interested in seeing the formation of a tribal opinion. How true is it that party leaders and members will immediately take up a contrary position to a solution posed by a rival “tribe”? How much less likely are they to agree to the proposed solution if framed as part of a rival party vs proposed by a non-partisan organization. Is this how opinions are made for parties? Does it have anything to do with how we think and just have to do with how the other group thinks?
If I took that numeracy test, I feel like I would deserve a score of 10 on it.
you can see that political opinion eont change when shown evidence in the israel-palestine conflict, for example, there are evidence and arabs saying that its not, yet people still shout that. there are evidence showing hamas killed innocent civilians, dogs, women, kids and raped and burned them alive because they filmed everything, yet people just, ignore that... there is  a mathematical proof showing that israel has the lowest civilian to hamas/enemy ratio in almost the entirety of history, yet we are doing a genocide? israeli hostages say they were given almost no food and were bitten badly, but they are lying and they were trited amazing because they "smiled" when they were let back into israel?
This reminds me of Kurt Vonnegut's comment, through his character Kilgore Trout, that humans see ideas as badges of friendship and enmity rather than as information that could be useful.   I had two thoughts about this: firstly, how would people respond to a fake study that appeared to contradict something most people believe to be true, but that is NOT considered political? Single pieces of research often appear to contradict a well established theory and are then not replicable, so some scepticism of new, unexpected results is reasonable. Can we distinguish this from politically motivated rejection of results?  The other thought is: in the political context, are people really motivated to educate each other, any more than they are motivated to learn? We agree with those around us not to be excluded; in other words, we don't expect to be persuaded when we disagree, but rejected. Is this expectation realistic? Are we in fact kidding ourselves that we're trying to persuade our opponents, just as much as we're kidding ourselves that our political beliefs are formed from rational consideration of the facts? Are we using inflammatory language (and in some cases, language that actually doesn't express the core idea well at all) because we want to rally those who agree with us and DEFEAT our perceived opponents?
Im dumb as rocks, lets see
7:34 lol i thought it was trump talking
I did not expect video like this in this channel, kinda bummer.
Just goes to show, partisanship makes you stupid.
This indicates humans are emotional beings not logical ones
I am sorry but I only believe this to be accurate for Americans.
I got it correct by adding up the sum of better and worse from each group (control: 128, experimental: 298) then I turned the number of rash improvements to a percentage so for control i did 107/128 x 100 = 83.5% then for experimental i did 223/298 x 100 = 74.8%. Since the number of improvements were lower in the experimental group, I went with the "its worse" option.  Im too stupid for this
With 130 IQ I still got it right.
Surveys, Statistics and Politics are rhetoric!   Lots of vague talk, misdirection and obfuscation,  to hide the truth.   There is math in figuring the statistics,  it's use is social engineering/manipulation.
i am too lazy to watch the video, so if you are to continue reading.  Title is kind of clickbait, i am theoretical physicist, and i know we overthink some stuff, but this one is really easy.  223 + 75 = 298 (number of people) 223/298 * 100 = 74.8% (this shows improvement percentage)  107/128 * 100 = 83.5% and we have a winner, dont use the cream guys.  now if you wanna be a bit fancy you can also say  for 223 people who improved their condition you get 75 people whose condition worsened  but then you ask if that is case then how many people's condition decay if number of people is 1.  basically you do, 75/223 and after that is quite the obvious.  Kinda disappointed, i love tricky questions, but f*ck kinda 3rd grader question is this, although last time i saw pretty good puzzle, ya know it was about month stuff, like you had to guess someone's birthday without knowing month or a day. It was easy, but very entertaining, because i had never solved anything like it, i hate solving problems if i have done anything similar.
Confirmation bias isn’t really new. Always been an issue and is hard to solve on an individualist level much less a societal solution. Maybe education would help.
The questions make no sense in the way they are pretending to object to reality. Its not about proportion in the first one and not about increase and decrease in crime rate in the second question if you want a logical answer.
There wasn’t enough information given to determine any conclusion from the skin rash data.
So if I got the skin cream answer correct does that mean I'm dumb?
12:48 "Speaking of separating facts from politics, here is the FBI crime statistics. I wonder which controversial data it could hold."
Got it right, glad to know I'm stupid.
Not mentioned, but here's a good chance that BOTH Democrats and Republicans are right about gun control here.  Because the contexts are different. If you're in an area without many guns, then introducing them can easily increase crime through availability and a putting guns more into the mindsets of criminals,. However, if you're in an area where guns are readily available to criminals, then arming the general population as a defensive measure is obviously likely to mitigate/improve the situation. This is abridge of course.  I actually left out details just to keep this a bit concise and so I didn't need to go back and forth repeatedly to explain it.
It's insulting as hell to imply there was some kind of objective truth behind the study allegedly trying to correlate political beliefs with confusion over numbers when people are on camera and being asking questions about their political beliefs.  Clearly people will be encouraged to even INTENTIONALLY LIE or fudge their responses when it's about an issue they care about and they're being asked on camera (or even off camera if they don't know how the poll will be used.)
lol we’re kinda getting that right now Trump is literally making extreme right hated world wide making right party leaders who were in the lead lose, and his popularity has been on a constant downward spiral to where even among the right he is disliked. I won’t lie I definitely more left than most but as long as you’re not trying to actively hurt a group of people I’ll get along with you pretty well.
My response would be, "May I try Chi-square test for homogeneity?"
But what was the size of the groups? How many reported no change? The ficticious study is a bad study imo.
4:25 Vertasium reads his wishful script and does not look at the data. 😢  No, even with skin cream there was a big difference between political camps. Republicans showed the effect that mean numeracy had the worst outcomes, while the democrats had monotonously better outcomes with higher numeracy.   I get it that this doesn‘t fit your story though. 😂
These people are not smart if they’re getting these things wrong.   It’s a searing indictment of the poor quality of MOST non Stem University Education.
When one is presented with FICTITIOUS data about a subject they think they have KNOWLEDGE OF, and FICTITIOUS data CONTRADICTS THEM, they will question the DATA!  I don’t think you have A VALID argument, especially when you talk about GUN CONTROL! Because it is MORE INTRICATE subject than SKIN CREAM!! It has MORAL VALUES involved, and ALWAYS lies from THE LEFT, the HISTORICAL FASCISTS!   and you can see this today in the streets of LOS ANGELES!!
Graphic at 3:39 — I think they switched the wrong headings, the cream vs no cream heading should have been switched not the results headings, otherwise it would be obvious that the cream made it worse. They confused themselves by putting the x axis of the table vertical and the y axis horizontal. Interesting study regardless.
First of all, its quite confusing question, if we count only people improved and worsened rush after cream/no-cream we would have clear difference in ratio, but u didn't say about people whose rush neither get worse or better. If we count that too, and we assume that groups were equal we can see that cream affected group had more people that did get better after cream, tho of cost of increasing chance of getting bad, it just means that cream is affective on short period of time tho its more risky. We assume that group was 400 people each, in first group: 223(56%) got better, 75(19%) got worse, 102(25%)got neither. In control group: 107(27%) got better, 21(5%) got worse, 272(68%) got neither 56% | 19% | 25% 27% | 5%   | 68% And to i'd answer this question in that way: it works, tho with higher chance of getting worse, did it make rush better?, certainly it did for more of a people, but more people got worse after it
He just mentioned this video irl ❤️
guess I am not as smart as I thought I was.  got these right :(
Math major. It was obvious really. If I didn't know proportions, I wouldn't have been given my degree lol
3:02 her vote counts as much as yours💀
I don’t think this really says too much. It’s more of an experiment on how phrasing of questions can impact statistical studies. It is easy to overthink problems if the question is not clearly framed. There are tons of complex arguments on both sides of the gun control debate, and so they may be thinking through secondary effects. Correlation is not causation. The skincare question has no secondary effects that could cause the correlation.
This tribal thinking you see again and again when it comes to the Ukraine situation.
what i did was zero in on the multiple. What i mean is- 223+75=298 107+21=128  I kept multiplying to see which number aligns with 298 the best. I got 128*2.329 =298.112, which is pretty good So I multiplied 107 by 2.329 is approximately 249, and 21 by 2.329 is approximately 49 I noticed that in the 'Rash Better' column, no cream did better and also in the 'Rash Worse' column, it did worse(double negative means it actually did better)  So that's how I did it.  Then watch for 5 more seconds, and Derek finds a better one and just uses an approximation. *SIGH*
I disagree that smart people would get the first question wrong. It is not particularly smart to assume the cream got the rash better based on this data. Actually I don't think either examples really proved that the cream make the rash better or worse as there are so many other factors which could be involved here. But looking at the data, there is no reason to assume that the cream got the rash better.
You should have highlighted that you want answers on maths
If every American could view and understand this video (unfortunately they cannot) it WOULD be a new amazing world.
Doesn't surprise me one bit. People are hypocrites.
Wow I’m amazed that so many people in the comment section disregard what is actually shown here and come op with logical fallacies or some other excuse why what is shown here should not be correct. It’s all fictional numbers and shown to people from both political spectrums. Accept that your political view is mostly based on family and friends and not facts.
Ah politics, ain't it a beach.
Well, I got them all right…  I’m an idiot. 😔
For me it’s because the data is presented poorly
LOL.. once you said the word politics.  I already knew how this WHOLE VIDEO was going to go.  I am old enough, I have SEEN SOME STUFF.
Better by what metric? This is a trick question missing data inputs. Do we assume equal number of participants and the population with no change was not reported or assume the total number of participants in each group had some change? If the rash is terminal, any greater number of improvement to patients is "better". This question stumps dullards.
I think there's a pretty major issue here though...I would argue Democrats are more likely to follow studies and statistics on many of these topics. So if they are shown results that conflict with their existing knowledge then they are going to deviate from their numeracy level because they are going to be less likely to believe your statistics compared to the ones they've previously looked up.   Whereas with Republicans, they will be more likely to react emotionally to a topic they already hold firm beliefs on.   For example, I'm a Democrat...if you show me a chart saying that a vaccine trial resulted in an increase in kids developing autism, I'm going to be more likely to ignore your numbers because I've already spent time on my own looking at studies, learning the statistics, listening to other professionals, etc. Which means in your test, I'm deviating from my numeracy level.
Very interesting, Derek.
I am overly dissapointed. I hoped to get it wrong and the first thing that came to mind were proportions. of course knowing math will help
Intelligent people can't do basic math when it matters  Of course
As a computer engineering major, rash cream example was easy to see, then when it was about gun control I noticed that my brain started to create some noise because I have biased opinion, I instantly ignored the context and focused on the numbers and got it right, but I guess that explains how people get it wrong and what they should do to fix the problem.
So my guy proved the existence of confirmation bias...?
Better title: with questions like these, people don't care about the truth or take the steps to find it.
I don't get the study, it should be equal number of participants, right? Or add a 3rd category of "no noticeable change" or something. Because otherwise it doesn't make sense.
Omg this is happening right now!
Now I’m asking myself if i want to be right or do I want to be smart lol
OMG no. If this was an actual study I would say % of total participants and adjust for the placebo/nocebo effects - which were not addressed in the study, there is no placebo group included (problematic). There's not enough data to say. This also shows correlation not causation and is just 1 study. Inconclussive is the correct answer. Ya'll all wrong. 75% improved with the cream, 25% worsened (this seems highly unlikely because I'd expect at least some participants with "no change")... in the control group 84% improved, and 16% worsened. If you were to assume the control group represented "expected values" then there is a statistically significant difference, based on p-values, but we also don't know what the confounding variables are - we need to figure out those before we can say anything. I'm sticking with impossible to answer without more information. Also, it's a flawed study design too, you need 3 groups to test this - medicated cream, placebo cream, no cream. There's no way to answer this accurately without more data.
If the questions were asked to 12 -16 year olds, what do you think the results would be?
yk its these kind of videos that make me love this youtube channel
For the Skin Cream I'd have assumed both groups are the same size, and actually subtract them. The no cream group shows that 107 times the rash would have gone away on its own. So in the cream group with 223 improvements, only 116 would be attributed to the cream.
Reminds me of certain government that says that 80% of the native africans live in poverty compared to 20% of Caucasians. The natives outnumber the Caucasians 50 to 1😂😂
Vis à vis the two charts at 11:43, how are we defining “science curiosity”? I imagine “science comprehension” was defined using a problem set like the numeracy example, but was “scientific curiosity” a self-reported metric?   I do think people who center curiosity as a central value or character trait tend to be more open to changing their beliefs or holding heterodox views. This is completely based on informal personal observation, so it’s hardly empirical, but still.
Me getting it right then realizing wait does this mean I'm dumb 😭😭😭😭
its amazing how moving focus from blame to fixing problems helps
The 1st question doesn't really have a correct answer since its missing a lot of data. Are those all the total participants? And its not like an occurrence of side effects makes medication useless. You'd make a choice over whether the medication is effective in a much more nuanced matter. They just make up a tricky question and designate a correct choice based on reasoning not included in the question, if its just about the proportionality its easy of course.
The graph doesn't even have numbers though... is this cases? How can 214 increase and 42 decrease in terms of "cites"?  The first one was easy as it comes, but the second one just has no context.
The title is dishonest/lying. The smarter people did better on the questions, not worse.
for the skin cream, what if it never improved or worsened? that was never shown, and as such you cannot conclusively determine whether or not the cream was effective.
YOU lot don't keep your own biases in check, have some damn self awareness hypocrite. lol
This climate change propagnda. but you try subtly to push your delsuions is pathetic.
NONE of this tribe mentality doesn't apply to me. I was an outcast in my own family and society, so I don't just agree with a group. My personality type is the rarest, so...
This should apply to climate "scientists" that are paid heavily to get the result governments demand.
Anyone who stops for a vox pop is automatically untrustworthy. I have never and will never stop for a news channel a YouTuber or an influencer.
To be fair, the question is ill-posed, at least in this video. We don't know the number of people per group and if making rash worse counteracts making rash better 1:1.  If both groups had n=1000, then the creme clearly has a better chance of making rash better than no treatment, despite increasing the chance of making it worse.
One thing that this video leaves out (or at least the first 7 minutes) is the difference between correlation and causation. Correlation doesn't prove causation, it can only disprove a hypothssis that preducts causation, if it is lower than what it should be according to the hypothesis.  Now how to apply this to the examples in this video? - in the case of a skin cream applied to people who have rashes, if these people are chosen randomly, there isn't much chance that there is any unknown variable that affects both the probability of using the cream and the development of the rash, if you prepare the study correctly. So you can actually test the theory with a simple study with just these numbers. - in the case of gun control and crime rates, this isn't a controlled experiment, but it's a study that takes place in a complex society, in which many variables can influence each other, so you can't just test a causation of just 2 variables of the kind of gun control and crime rate by just finding out their correlation, because there are many possibilities that influence both at the same time. Even if you chose "similar" cities, there will still be a lot of things different between them. For example, if geography isn't concerned in the choice of cities, there might be geographical differences that impact both the likelihood of the increase in crime rate and of the implementation of gun control. Or there might be some unconsidered variable that influences both crime rate and which party rules at state and/or city level, which influence gun control. So just comparing crime rates and gun control might be as bad as the sokewhat famous study about climate change and pirates (google it if you don't know it).  In cases if it is unclear if a correlation implies causation, people tend to have confirmation bias, i.E. they respect correlations that confirm their believes, while ignore or argue away the ones that contradict them. This could explain, why in the skin cream case, there is no difference between republicans and democrats, but in the case of gun control there us
Interesting how the graph at 7:05 makes a point even though the video is about something slightly different
Me: bored of studying for the dag, decides to watch a Veritasium video to relax. Veritsium: here is a case applicable to every subbject you need to study
All Trump supporters will think its better
The skin cream question is crazy to say that "smarter people" get it worse more than others. No way in hell people who knows how to read studies would get that one wrong.
I see a number of different ways of looking at these charts !  I would have more questions of the charts , questions on its intention to confuse my thought process before making my decision !  Everyone thinks differently, that you can be guaranteed !  Try serving on a jury duty in a court of law when 12 people have to come to a unanimous decision at deliberation !  You will understand what I am saying !
So I am not biased but I am dumb, what can you do 🤣
You failed to acknowledge an obvious fact: When an issue is political, people already know that the data presented is most likely biased.  A good example is that Lancet paper with "strong evidence" that the virus had natural origins. Some  trusted the "science", others didn't swallow it and after some scrutiny found out the paper was carefully prepared by Peter Daszak, who concealed his name from it because he had commercial ties with the very Institute that was performing gain of function on the virus precisely where it all started.  Science today is just as crooked as politics, for the simple reason both are done by humans.
is this somehow different from cognitive bias?
The premise is interesting but completely negates the fact that society is getting dumber as a whole.  This phenomenon is accelerating faster and faster as there is more ignorance and incorrect "facts" being believed and preached.  The majority rules in a Democracy.. and well, taken the above premise, it's a race to the bottom.
I fail to see how knowing math makes you bad at understanding proportions
What if i don't even understand the question. I'm a genius...
The difference between the two tests is that for the skin cream test, people came at the problem with no priors. The only information they had to go on were the abstract numbers, so they looked at them. For the gun control question, people have pre-existing assumptions about what would happen. I think the variant outcomes likely has less to do with people's numeracy suddenly disappearing or being impaired by political ideology, as it does people simply relying on their priors and not bothering to look at/interrogate the numbers, feeling like they don't need to - "well obviously gun control will lower crime...". It's probably got more to do with some combination of intellectual/numerical laziness and confirmation bias than anything else.
this is just confirmation bias, and youre an idiot if you do this. I also dont believe smarter people take part in such primitive tribal nonsense. You look at the facts and dont let what other people think and feel affect your decisions. The bipartisan system is so sad and we will never get anywhere so long as this system exists.... people need to form their own opinions based on logic and facts; not let a group decide for you.
Quelle Surprise: Political (or general) indoctrination makes people more stupid/ ignorant of reality.  It's funny how telling people they know the answer will stop them even looking or thinking about the question.
I’m sorry that you’re trapped. There is a way out.
In summery; Veritasium asks wing dummies questions, to see if they get it wrong.
Gun legislation isn’t about reducing / increasing “crime”, it’s about reducing / increasing shootings.
The data is totally irrelevant. Gun control automatically causes more crime because it makes crimes out of normal everyday things that previously were not criminal acts.    Outlawing doorknobs would create a lot of crime.  The average Democrat is too stupid to understand that fact.
All I’m thinking is, if I see Derek on the streets with a set of statistics, I would question where he got it first. Nowhere on there does the chart say where the data was from, or what the cream was for, or which sample had been tested.
One issue I see with this type of question is the suspension of disbelief while answering the question. While with the cream question its reasonable to assume both options are equally as likely. With other issues, such as gun control or climate change, it might also feel contrary to common sense or to data they've seen, even if the numbers are entirely imaginary. If the answer defies common sense and evidence, less people are gonna get it right.  And while the both sides of the political spectrum coming together against the effects of climate change in Florida is nice, ultimately it inherently favors reactionary centrism. Kicking the can down the road, addressing only what's here and now, without the looking for the cause, doesn't solve the issue in itself and it only favors the climate denying side of the political right. In the case where the question is about taking no action or taking preemptive action in hopes of not making it worse, every second we take debating the question and not taking action favors the people who don't want the action to be taken. This kind of reactionism runs into this issue a lot.
My main take away from this is americans are dumb
The conclusions seems very flawed to me. The issues are not comparable in scope and existent knowledge on the topic in the questioned sample. The results should've been derrived from questions on comparable issues with one being apolitical but vast and the other being political and vast. In the current configuration it mostly proves the existence of confirmation bias. Even the proficiency in arguing one's belief being higher in more intelligent people is not new. The most rational answer to give on the gun crime stat is basically asking for more data, as it measured a multifacetted issue. On the cream this scrutiny is not required as the issue is far easier. Thus it is simply more trustworthy.
One thing I notice is that the 9 score was still better than the 7 & 8 score on both counts when it is a political topic.  Which normally would make sense but in the case of this it is showing political bias going against rationality. I wonder if that is just something about more people who have a highest numeracy score are more likely to consider the numbers more than the lower.
Just had to devolve into politics. Was hooked until then.
I find it more interesing; the determination of who is considered "smart"
The biggest problem is that the "smarter" people are believed to be "objective" and do everything based on "reason". So their conclusions are elevated and once the develop a tribe (which has happened) an ideology occurs and their reasoning is used to justify their ideology instead of bringing truth and their conclusions are then elevated and any evidence against that are treated like heretics.
The Pharasees and Saducees got it wrong about Jesus Christ because they thought they know better. Whenever People rely on knowledge and intelligence they fail unless they rely on God. Even Eve got it wrong due to the same reason. Knowledge and Intelligence are patented you should take permission 😊
It’s so curious… I guess people just want to expect that political things come from many different sources and areas, and feel like there has to be some leniency even though the numbers are there. Meanwhile the cream feels more exact, as though it were specific and from a single source. Even though they’re the same data, they want to bring in external ideas, so they treat the numbers differently.  Either way, it’s so curious… I hope I’m not one to just force my beliefs into fact unknowingly… I guess I have more to learn. But it IS at the least fascinating.
This research is very flawed
The way I tried to solve this…. Was by subtracting the numbers in the control group from the new cream… because I thought that a big chunk of the people who used the cream.. were gonna get better anyway even if they hadn’t used it… but that still made it look like about a quarter of peoples skin got worse while about half got better…. So i still thought it worked more often than it didn’t….. 🤷‍♂️🧴……
Isn't it possible that the reason very low numeracy people scored better than slightly below average people, that the former are more likely to just blindly guess than to go for even the "intuitive" answer (it approached 50% for the second question even).
Sometimes I things like this to myself, but say, I overcomplicate it too much and to those who aren’t as smart as me, it’s just right there. They see the obvious answer and can easily get it. But after a while I realise what’s going on.
If you ask me the same question about the irrefutable evidence I will say I will hardly accept but I will ask how did you came to that conclusion and try it too,  since it was solid evidence I rise my white flag eventually 😊
I got correct answer, although I am good at math , it's simple ratio question which means maths is strong is gonna do this correct. I don't know why you are saying,if you are good at math you have high probability of doing this wrong.🤔🤔🤔
As a species, we have no hope. Help us AI we are all bigots
Improved and worsened are switched at 3:03. I have to be really dumb 😂
Conclusion:  People with an interest in science are real.   The rest are NPCs.
Video confusing - I shot my rash off
Recently Ive been trying to find an answer to the question, "Do people who mostly on themselves or who dont care humanity as a whole or less care about others (outside their family or friends) are the ones most successful? "
Wait... you're not American?
Oh no I got these right. I knew i was dumb
People are stupid I guess?
False. Skin cream is perceived to be drastically unlikely to have second order effects.  For example, banning guns increases possible crimes as it criminalises new behaviour, as well as drastically affect law enforcement (eg gun registration previously allowed crime to be tracked more easily, police were coperated with more, etc)  The investigation is flawed, and not the recipients in either case, the difference based on perception of second or third order effects and direct experience. The political divide isn't purely tribal at all, that is a false assumption. Questions are political precisely because they involve complex second order effects. The more literate, the more they've seen incongruent data on certain topics.   This merely proved medical ignorance,  as it does not account for the real and efficacious placebo, ignoring repeat test samples for the best data, application of cream will involve ablutions, and a non contact period for most participants, etc.  The cream does not defeat the null hypothesis, nor is it proven to make rashes worse because factors are not sufficiently controlled.  In political questions, usually they cannot be controlled. In your firearms example the study may be conducted in the UK in which people do not know they have a right to bear arms here. Thus all that data would merely be within normal crime fluctuations which are unaccounted for. It also lacks comparable enforcement of carrying firearms. Any public change may affect crime, stronger than placebo.  If you are literate you may consider say Switzerland, with enforced automatic weapon requirements and 2,000 rounds and low crime rate. Then you consider strong social, cultural, economic, even ethnic differences that are likely stronger factors.  Passing a gun control measure is a symptom of a social and political shift and is not actually the first order effect.  For example in New York gun control was a racially targeted action to deweaponise black political militant groups that were gaining political capital. This breeds resentment and oppressive feelings which may manifest in either more or less criminality based on culture and socialisation.
That's not numeracy, that's confirmation bias...
I got the question right, but at what cost?
Title: On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse  That's not what the results show. On these questions, there's no significant difference between the most and least numerate people. Sensationalizing such results is exactly what got Ted talks (where the research seems to have been presented) a questionable reputation. Sad to see that you're just perpetuating this audience-pleasing style instead of digging deeper (there would be much to say about sensationalized results in Ted talks, all the way down to outright academic fraud).
So basically everyone is stupid.
The solution is that everyone needs to get autism (not the severe kind). Normal people develop the brain part that asks “how do I get to stay in the group” before developing the “Does this even make sense” part. In autism those parts are developed in the “reversed” order. Which is indeed totally awesome, but for the time being a little lonely.
I feel that a factor that's being ignored here, is that when you switch it from skin cream (an "apolitical topic") to gun control (a deeply political topic) - you are introducing a secondary factor - which is a lack of trust.  It's probably one of the biggest factors that is threatening objective reality and our progress as a species.  Science and data have been so corrupted by influence for gain (be it monetary, political, financial, whatever) that people automatically assume that anything that they don't agree with has been influenced by such.  This is observable on all sides of the political spectrum with many easily citable examples, and it's expanding from politics into other areas.  A prevailing phrase I've been starting to see lately is "It's no more difficult to buy a scientist than it is to buy a politician".  Many factors are influencing this shift away from an objective reality, and I feel that we're past the point of no return if I am being honest - especially with advances in generative AI.
I am critical of the conclusion drawn from the data. I will give a different possible explanation: skin cream good for rash: this simple problem had a bigger influence on the less numeracy people than it had on the high numeracy people. Gun control/climate change, fracking: these are more complex problems, these problems influence higher numeracy people more. So not political beliefs are the cause of the observed difference but the complexity of the problem is. My reasoning is that at higher complex problems low numeracy people the outcome of their logic is more random because that is what outcomes become, when the question goes over the head of people.  Ps. This was the ChatGPT response when I asked this question:  Your critique is correct that Kahan’s original experiment does not logically prove identity-protective cognition; alternative explanations must be entertained.
My god... I feel so much more confident in my intelligence now.
I have an issue with the interpretation "people with high numericy perform worse when misaligned politically."  Rather it seems more accurate to say they lost much of their numericy edge; Suppressing rationality has more effect. But they didn't, in general, perform worse.
Yes avoid talking points and buzz words that might trigger an instant partisan reaction, even from many only _slightly_ right leaning centrists. So please let us all tell that to the *morons* (strategically speaking) who came up with 'Defund the Police".  I'm liberal/democrat leaning, but good lord, can the left self-own on some talking points.
The question is not very well formed as it's not clear how big the groups are. It's intuitively obvious that there are also people for whom the cream will make no difference and thus it's natural to assume the groups were bigger (maybe the same size as that's a usual design). It's just very counterintuitive that cream make a difference (one way or another) for everyone and that's the source of confusion.   Ask a better question and you will get better answers (as is usual in those kind of experiments which are often based on confusing people). In this particular question if you just add that the first group had 398 participants and the second only 128 people make correct conclusions more often.
Смысл: быть внимательнее и зрить в корень.
As none English speaker I was confused by improved / worsened words. Crime improved mean it decrease? Or it increase? :O
Doesn't the graph at 7:04 compared to the one at 4:30 say that while Democrats certainly resisted the "Gun control increases crime" it was considerably less than Republicans on "decreases crime". Then on the reverse effect was not that noticeable at all for Democrats on "Gun control decreases crime" but Republicans on "increases crime" were moved a lot
My bias is that the people who need this video the most are most likely to have a conspiracy theory about it.
Everyone has their fields and strengths . My strength is avoiding morons holding signs . Better then solving a problem that doesn't need to be solve
it's giving thinking fast and slow
Have this discussion with Spock.
I call somewhat of a bs on the gun control study study. Most people don't have knowledge on a no-brand skin cream. When you ask the question about the cream, you only think about the numbers. When you change the context to gun control, people realize that the matter requires more nuance than simply looking at crime rates (with no added context). Also, people immediately assume that you want to use their opinion as a tool in your study about gun control. Many people just give the answer which supports their prior knowledge to break the dumb study.  I think the results are highly dependant on the way the original study was conducted. If someone just shows me a table saying that 'gun control increses crime' I would be so upset, I wouldn't even answer. What crimes? What was the selection criteria for the cities? What were the exact numbers and what't the usual deviation from year to year?  I am pretty sure that I could organize the same study and get much-much smaller differences. Also, I think I could make it even worse as well, just by asnking the same question in different ways.
I've watched only 50 seconds and the percentage of people worsening with the skin cream is higher there for no skin cream is better. There is just a higher sample size of those taking the skin cream. So yes math does help and this video's premise is stupid
It is not that smarter people do worse, is that *IDIOTS* do worse because they are idiots.  FYI: I got the first one right. 25% of the people got worse under the "cure cream" while only 16% got worse under the no cream. 3:00 Numeracy skills is linked to IQ, the better you are at it, the higher IQ you have. So, no surprise that the more high IQ a human, the more li kelly they are to get the answer right. 4:00 Or, it means that any human with numeracy of 5 or lower, is just an idiot. A score of 5 is just a little above the average. Humans with IQ of 110 are a little above average. You don't start seeing intelligent humans till you see humans above IQ of 120, which I think would have numeracy scored of 6 . And then you have those with IQ above 120 with higher numeracy scores.  This study seem to be proving that fire burns and ice is cold.  4:20 Politics? Well is well know that those who are more intelligent will side with liberalism. As a liberal myself, that makes sense. Conservatives on the other side, tend to be on the idiot side as they are often moved by emotions and not by reason/logic.  4:34 "There is basically no difference" ←Really? I can clearly see a difference. People with numeric scores of 5 o higher did better if they where liberals. Conservatives scored worse. This translate as liberal having better IQs on average. And thus, doing better on tests that requires intellect.  6:35 Translation, Conservatives got the answer right, not because they knew it was the right answer, but because they just chose that based on their feelings (in supporting guns) and the other test, they got it wrong, because again, they where defending guns, even if the answer is wrong, they have to defend guns even if the answer is wrong. Again, this proves that conservatives are emotionally driven and low IQ humans (on average).   7:05 "Numeracy didn't help for liberals" ←Are you blind? You can clearly see that despite the political bias, liberals did better than conservatives. Again, from 5 points and up, they did better. Because they on average USE THEIR HEAD, they use intelligence instead of emotions to reach conclusions because on average, liberals are more intelligent.  Still this kind of studies shows that cognitive bias is a real problem when solving problems, it makes people stay away from the right answers just because they have a bias against it. *For example, this explain why so many humans are against consensual sex with animals because their bias makes them against it and not because they have a rational reason to be against it.* Still, is almost always idiots who are against consensual zoosex. Only people with very high IQ scores can reach logical conclusions while ignoring their bias.  Also, you need to keep in mind that while liberal got the answer wrong, that answer is a HYPOTHETICAL, in real life gun control or banning guns does reduce crime rates. Them answer like that despite the data, only proves that they know the study was giving FALSE numbers. We liberals tend to know the facts, and we will answer wrong on purpose if that means supporting facts, if that means going against a fake study with FAKE numbers.
Decent people: this study suggests that we need to be mindful of our own biases Power hungry people: this study suggests our tactics are working
the title is off...  sure, among people with high numerology scores (rel. those with low numerology scores), there is a larger difference in % correct between the examples where the results dispute one's beliefs vs. conform to one's beliefs.  but this reflects the fact that those with higher numerology scores are more likely to get the correct answer *by a larger margin* in the "conform" cases than the "dispute" cases.  i don't see a single example where % correct decreases with numerology score (maybe just barely among liberals in the "dispute" case at 7:06).  yes this is nitpicky, but i'm surprised to see inaccurate (as opposed to misleading) clickbait on a veritasium video
This definitely tracks with the data we have on partisanship. The vast majority of Americans come to their ideology because of partisanship, not the other way around. It’s part of why changes in coalitions take so long (like how bill clinton won the south as a liberal in 1992 and 1996).
i'm just bothered by those questions in the sense that the questions rely heavily on some other factor that you need to take into account. The skin cream question is a bit easier but my initial idea going in was that both sample sizes were the same so that heavily biases the way i first perceive the numbers. Once you convert to percentages it becomes really obvious.  The gun control question is way different though because those cities don't exist in a vacuum. Typically gun control laws are put in place in RESPONSE to high crime rates, not the other way around. Chicago is the prime example of why numbers are so intertwined. Chicago has strict regulations but it sits geographically close to other states with comparatively lax gun laws. Since the US has open boarders between states, the criminals can easily just go for a 10 minute drive and bypass the gun controls. Cops in Chicago though need those laws on the books so they have cause to go after those criminals who are doing other crimes. To me those gun control charts are meaningless since often you can just travel 1 city over and get the guns. The chart also does not indicate if the "crimes" are gun related. For all we know about the charts the theoretical crimes could be jay walking.
Great study.  Now show us the breakdown of numeracy scores by political parties.  Were the two test groups similar as far as deographics and numeracy were concerned?
This headline is super misleading, ehich is kind of ironic because they are interpeting the data wrong.  Peiple with very high numeracy are more likely to get the answer right in either scenario.  Absolutely no question of that.  That being said, they sre more likley to be AFFECTED by their politics.  But even when affevted by politica, thise with highest levels of numeracy still get tha answer right more often than same-party people with low numeracy.
Because they are "so smart", they are questioning the accuracy of the data. The question is simple, what is this data showing. Just answer it. Nobody wants you to take action based on only this data.
I was confused why he mentioned his america guy doing the interviews until the political part came up and i was like ah
I am curious about what the gap would be if the data set was separated out by moderates on both sides instead of the far left and rights of the spectrum. Would the scientifically competent still score as bipartisan? Would the scientifically curious score differently from the control? Is this a phenomenon on the ends of the spectrum only, or all the way across the board?
I'm not sure how it was in the original study, but the pictures of people recovering at the beginning of the video and the preassumption based on visual perception that there are equal numbers of participants in both groups definitely influences the train of thought without deeper thinking.
6:33 idk but i think that people tend to have their biases and actually dont even look at the proportions becuz of their bias and what they think is right  Edit: 7:49 see, biases
People see what they want to believe.
Hey *@Veritasium* it doesn't matter if the statistics support or oppose gun control or gun rights, as rights are inalienable God given natural rights, especially firearm and defense rights own and carry open and concealed, which all humans on earth have innately just being alive regardless if our hijacked governments or traitor order following force arms recognize and acknowledge them or not, as they, ie; freedoms and rights, especially firearm and defense rights, are not dependent or negated by statistics or anything! Thanks for coming out though! Ethan!
It's not consistent with ideology. It's consistent with belief. If you've done a thousand tests that suggest gravity works and then you read data that suggests gravity doesn't work then you're probably going to misread the data unless you pay very close attention.  The question is about totality of knowledge. 9 indicators say A, 1 indicator says B, you're going to go with A.
Numeracy's relationship with political polarization is complex and not universally established. Some research suggests numeracy may increase polarization by enabling individuals to interpret data in a way that confirms their existing beliefs. Conversely, other studies indicate that numeracy does not necessarily lead to polarization or enhanced bias, especially when considering other factors like cognitive ability.  Elaboration: Motivated Numeracy: One theory suggests that individuals with higher numeracy skills might selectively use their skills to interpret data in a way that reinforces their pre-existing political views. This is known as "motivated numeracy".  Enhanced Bias: Some studies have found that individuals with higher numeracy may express more polarization in their subjective risk perceptions, particularly when they hold opposing worldviews, according to a study published by the American Psychological Association (APA).  Cognitive Ability: Research on COVID-19 risk perception has shown that numeracy may not be a direct predictor of polarization when verbal ability is also considered. This suggests that the observed effect of numeracy might be linked to broader cognitive abilities, according to a study published in PLOS ONE.  Knowledge and Power: Some studies argue that numerate individuals, being more knowledgeable, can leverage their skills to understand and interpret data, potentially leading to more informed opinions, according to a study published on ResearchGate.  Interplay with Political Outlook: Research indicates that the impact of numeracy on political judgments can be conditional on an individual's political worldview. For instance, individuals with high numeracy and an egalitarian-communitarian orientation might show more favorable views on immigration compared to those with high numeracy and a hierarchical-individualistic orientation, according to a study published in PLOS ONE.  In summary: The relationship between numeracy and political polarization is complex and multifaceted, with some evidence suggesting that numeracy may exacerbate polarization through motivated reasoning, while other studies indicate that it may not be a primary driver of polarization when considering other factors like cognitive ability and individual worldviews.
Big V, the gun control "test/study" is even less relevant than the skin cream one.  Rights are established and the reasoning has nothing to do with crime.  So neener.
Hella click bait. The the people with now numerity scores had no net change. The people with high numberity score just had a larger net negative change. So don't do worse than "stupid people" they just get worse compared to themselves when given a partisan question.
Eh, such a shame that the lede was burried so far in. People who are bad at math make decisions like people who are bad at math. People who are good at math make decisions like people who are bad at math -- when they make decisions not based on math. Meh.
9:28 I think this is a major mischaracterization. While some may do it to "fit in" I don't think that's a good analysis of what this study showed. This study gave a hyper-simplified question with almost 0 background, then applied it to a political topic with quite a bit of depth and variance based on many factors (eg. location of city, population density of city, ethnic diversity of location, what is the definition of a gun crime in this location/of the federal gov in the year the data was taken etc...)  Basically, the study didn't account for people's logical distrust of overly-simplified statistics, or statistics in general honestly (especially partisan statistics) similar the lady that said she needed to see the rashes in the skin care study tbh. Of course people were going to try to inject their bias into the question, you gave them an empty statistic.  Additionally, the average person does not have the capacity for generalized critical thought, frankly the capacity for this seems to be almost non-existent from what I've observed. Instead, most people, or at least a good number of people, are capable of pseudo-critical thought from one side of an issue. They've grown up in a specific "group think" environment that has delved quite deeply into critiquing from one side of the political spectrum. Essentially, the average person is either fed lines that they then proceed to repeat until the day they die whenever a specific topic comes up... or occasionally they move to a new group and the one-sided critique that surrounds them is either shifted slightly or flips to the other side of the political spectrum and they become "centrist". The person with copy-paste style of critical thought can "tear down" any argument from the other side, but usually this is skin deep critique at best... if it isn't, it's because the person is capable of semi-critical thought, basically they are capable of putting many tools together from one side of an issue and have a fairly deep understanding of their own side, and have observed the other side enough to understand it's weak points...  but this semi-critical thought over-estimates it's own argument and often does not have access to anything more than a fun-house mirror to look at their own side through.  In short, claiming that the average person just tries to fit-in with their political perspective is a very content creator/twitter take imo. I think most people just aren't that smart... and if they are, they just aren't gifted/interested enough in critically thinking through every topic in their lives, that's a lot of effort and likely comes with some kind of mental strain. And likely, as this part of the video states, it is bound to come with social push back from both sides.
Another spam in form of video... America is one CONTINENT, not one country! Why is so difficult to put that on the brain???
Hands down this is the scariest video yet. I don't own a TV, i do watch this channel on my phone. Its very easy for me to see how multiplicative this information is. This has been going on for many many years. Thank you for making this informative to others, that's all you really can do if your honest. I glad that you are.
Considering I am quite neutral and fight with right wingers and left wingers, depending on the subject... and called both fascist and communist depending on who I am having an argument with...
As i went to look up gun crime data after watching the vertasium video i realize how fucked up and tyrannical our mainstream media is, in their attempt at "saving lives" by expressing their desire to strip guns from people in rural states like Alaska, Wyoming, Montana, etc, where the need for guns is so obvious, as any resident there has to contend with dangerous wildlife and also protect their livestock if they own any. Of course we also have to contend with the actual purpose of gun rights, which is supposed to be a means for people to defend themselves against a tyrannical government, and act as a deterrent against the formation of a police state. I also notice that many people fail to bring up the fact that guns also save lives as well, as is the case in defensive shootings. Where's the data for lives saved from guns? More difficult to find. Also why aren't there an equal number of participants for both the people taking the skin cream vs the control group? This whole exercise was a flop.
Einstein got FREE BONUS Nobel prize E=HF. Being part of cult helps. He also invented photon nonsense.  I will send my theory to all govts and every where , some one should see it .  Only problem is any university anywhere think otherwise will be sanctioned.  Because its BIG DECEPTION
The argument 'fitting in with you tribe' is somewhat unsatisfying; nowadays, there is a tribe for every belief. It's an interesting paradox: apparently, although you are smart enough and against you're better judgement, you will lie to yourself because of political beliefs, but these are not important to enough to switch sides..
Einstein is smart? Not really. He conned the world with space time. So in that way he is smart. Also E=mc2 and Also e=hf. He scammed everyone.
Smart is relative
The first question I would have asked was, "are people with no change not represneted in this data, why was rhere such a heavy selection of people using the skin cream?"
The question was 'what do the numbers say", not 'does gun control work'. Many commenters are falling at the same hurdle. I'm looking at you, @lVideoWatcherl
People who are strongly affiliated with either political party have already shown that they are easily manipulated by narrative. If they could separate truth from narrative they’d understand that neither party is on their side.
i think this was just testing the IQ of average Americans
There is a fundamental error here. Republicans do not actually oppose gun control to get less crime: less crime is just a way to persuade others. This may be so too for Democrats.
I don't think the gun question is the same as the non gun question for one simple reason - ceteris paribas. In the skin cream example, in a medical setting that, it is said that the assignment is random. However, enacting policy is hardly ever random, and more likely to suffer from self selection, thus contamination the data. I think people understand this intuitively and hence throw numeracy out sine applying simple proportion difference hypothesis testing here would be ludicruous
I kind of feel like continuing to be curious about things is what makes anyone in any topic fall less into tribalism.  I stopped (and still trying to stop myself from) participating in online discussion forums on one of my hobbies because tribalism is rampant and I want to know the "why" about things while the consensus tends to just roll with something. And when I start asking that, people get _really_ testy.
Ok confirmation bias is confirmed😮
Most Republicans do not believe that gun control increases crime. They believe it increases the risk of tyranny.
I think a bigger issue is not how we interpret the data, but if we trust the source of the data, or people interpreting the data.  Most of us don't dig deep into climate studies data details and methodologies and correlate those to our deep understanding of all things climate-related.  But we DO hear wild predictions of sinking coasts and such that don't materialize in the timeframes claimed, we DO learn of deceptive and misleading photos trying to make it look like polar bears have run out of ice to walk on, or of climate scientists emailing each other about how they need to falsify (er, "correct") data, and of the hockey stick graph being a fabrication/exaggeration.  So we just don't trust.  And... we also recognize that even if there is climate change, modern technology that supposedly causes it is a net-positive for humanity in the short-run and long-run.  For example, air conditioning and heating have and will save more lives than climate change would ever take.
That skin cream portion seemed so off to me.  First of all, nobody's rashes stayed the same?  They all only got better or worse?  Secondly, there is not enough information to know which was better.  We would need to know how much better and how much worse - the severity of the improvement/worsening?  It could be that rashes got only marginally better and significantly worse with no cream, but they got significantly better and only marginally worse with cream.  In that case, I think cream did better than no cream.  I don't mean to be obtuse, but if you're quizzing me on my ability to reason, I'm going to reason it all out -- which I did in about 2 seconds (I immediately deduced the supposed correct answer, and immediately thought of my more correct "that depends" answer above, too).  Of course, it could be that these caveats were explained during the study but not mentioned in this video.
Love it how the people completely ignore the numbers or answering and just spew their shite.
Wait, quick question. They were told that the data set is not real, and they still didn't use their brain. Is absolutely wild. This study is actually very scary and condusive to religion. It doesnt matter what religion i show you, if you have preconceived biases you will still not recognize the truth. The real question is, are they purposefully choosing the wrong answer or not.
There is a problem with the label formulation. What does it mean Crime improved? The answers might be biased by the understanding of the data.
Of course, political people don’t care about logic, they’re gonna say what supports their ideology.
dam im so tired of hearing about politics everywhere gonna go watch some math videos 4:19 goddamit
For the skin cream one, I feel like 'did it improve' makes it harder to use the correct reasoning than 'which one was more effective' would be. But it also seems like that's the point, if someone can figure it out without being pointed there.
But what about the people whose rash didn't get better or worse?
Great topic and delivery!
Wondering if this is only a problem with americans
I know I'm not like the other side, my opinions are well researched, lol.  But seriously, if you can't cite the last time data changed your mind about politics, it probably won't happen in the future either.
Problem is that very few scientists are curious.
7:18 I disagree. The skin cream question was a question where there wasn't already knowledge of the answer, whereas gun control is an issue with a lot of knowledge about it. It wasn't politics, it was the fact that there were already answers to the question before the data was provided
Science made easy and interesting. Great topics every time.
The animations are amazing and the explanations are so clear. I always learn something new.
Why does the Cream statistik not urk much responses in the comments, while i had the pleasure of reading paragraphs on gun control?  In my opinion this says alot about the study.  (Edit: When sorting by newest, there seem to be a more equal amount of comments on both. But in the Top-Comments the engagement is totally different between the two Statistiks.)
It is quite interesting the number of comments who are being made by people who missed the point.
So turns out its on question with more variable !
Science made easy and interesting. Great topics every time.
The real man's version of this follows up by asking people to choose their 18-year-old daughter's college based on the gun violence statistics presented.
It's because you aren't asking what the study says, you're asking for the truth. You're involving every other piece of data they've ever seen in their lives. One study with a small sample size doesn't mean much. Edit: I've realized you must be dumb to not understand this.
Buy the dip, thank yourself later 🙌
The picture they used while discussing sea level rise in S Florida is a joke. Sea level was that high during hurricane Andrew and within hours back to normal. I've been hearing about the rising oceans for 50 years, uh, still waiting. Building on the East coast of the US isn't slowing down, why? Because the oceans aren't rising at an alarming rate. Are we to believe the insurance companies and builders don't care that these buildings will be uninhabitable and they'll lose millions if not billions of dollars. AOC in 2015 "we only have 8 years before it's too late". Good grief.
Free Palestine !!!!!!!!!! Help The Palestinians People
So when you show people a table with fake made-up data people who have exposure to the actual data respond less to your fake table.  Not exactly groundbreaking.
We are not immune to propaganda. In the pursuit of truth you must first be willing, not eager, to set aside your beliefs. You must also be willing, not eager, to adopt new ones. Then read through the information with a critical eye toward base truth. This must be done many times over on the same information as new information comes available. You may find yourself swaying back and forth or getting confused. Stop, evaluate your approach, research what good research is and then go again. If you decide to just give up and go along with what those around you believe, know that you have no idea if you are right or wrong. This makes assertions or stances you take wrong by default.
One thing or problem now with two political parties so divided is that though I've been left leaning my whole life , yet I've voted for candidates on both sides over the years , but now we are forced to choose a side , the gray area is gone , it's a with us or against us mindset ! Therefore I'm now a independent even though Trump and his admin are making anyone with a education lean farther and farther left
TheFatRat on thumbnail!!!
Confusion matrix at its finest, yup thats the literal name for this type of table
This is extremely obvious.. ppl getting it wrong aren’t smart
Well, it's only worse if you are "smart" but not smart enough🐶
I have a doubt: does "smarter people" mean numeracy proficient?
Money and politics have corrupted our trust in scientific literature. I'm not surprised that most people don't just take a study at face value when media and politicians are constantly lying to us.
I am more astounded that we still consider Democrats to be "liberal" and Republicans to be "conservative", when neither of these are true. Perhaps a very small amount for each in the social sense, but none at all in a political sense for either.
❤😂mr. No view
A.i. will summaries u while 👻💀
And sometimes smart people don't watch these video as they value time and u don't cut to the point 🤡
The gun control chart just doesn’t make sense, like what do the numbers even mean in this context? The skin care one makes sense because it’s a clear number of people who were either helped or not, but with the gun control one, what is 223 even supposed to be representing ? It could be anything so it’s just more confusing which lends people to then just choose big or small number without even any meaning. This is more of a test your political alignment question than a math dependent question
I would maybe think (saying this before I watch the video): (75/225)*100 (skin cream percentage) = 33.33% got worse skin with the cream (21/107)*100 (no skin cream percentage) = 19.6 % got worse skin without the cream  Since one then doesent want worse skin, I would say that the risk of getting worse skin is higher with the cream in this example. Now if I watch this video and I am wrong, it was said in the beginning that most smart people get this wrong.  So then I will just pretend to be smart.
A small rash today that has changed into a bigger rash today, is - to me - an improved rash. But also, the rash  has worsened.
I worked out this problem by determining the % of control and experiment that worsened. Cream was about 25%, no cream was 20% or less
There’s a fundamental flaw with this study. Most people would never have considered, heard of or care about a skin cream study. The political spin on the same study, introduces something a higher number of people are learned on. Granted it’s still just numbers but saying political bias is the sole reason is disingenuous as there are numerous studies which prove the made-up one is incorrect. The smarter the person, the more likely they are to be educated on that. I’d argue that prior knowledge bias plays a larger part than political.
Tbh, this whole premise on the skin cream data interpretation is bunk within the first minute of the video. When the question is asked "does the skin cream make the rush better or worse," the CORRECT answer is "both."  If we're going to use this a way to introduce the science of science communication, let's please make sure the introductory question is communicated properly.
I think its more of a difference between presenting people with a problem that is purely mathematical (because most people know nothing about how skin creams work) and a problem where they can "cheat" by trying to use a different method to interpret the results. So i guess my opinion is that most people just prefer not to use math if they have other options. But maybe that doesnt matter for the bottom line of this issue.
The curve is actually more interesting to me, if it's statistically significant - it seems that dumb people aren't affected, but those who are slightly smarter are smart enough to come to the correct conclusion, but not smart enough to engage in enough mental gymnastics to then convince themselves out of that correct conclusion...
They're not that smart... you can just think of one group as the control and compare to see if the other group improved on that.
There is a difference between smart and intelligent. And extremely intelligent people lack common sense.
Got the first question right (skin cream one). I'm not liking where this is going  Edit: Watched the next 3 minutes of the video, my ego is restored.
I am proud that, even though i was basically told of the title that the most obvious answer would be wrong, i was able to notice that total number of people in the control was different than the tests and so ratios would be better.
disguise your proposals!!
Also this effect is easily explained by education being in fact highly politicised and the more you are taught mathematics or science in general the more "struggle sessions" and propaganda you've had to sit through. And everyone thinks propaganda can't affect them. Clearly they are wrong.
Your philosophising at the end misses an important nuance. There are people to which objective demonstrable reality matters and there are people where consensus reality is more important. This is not the same thing as having a bias which makes you ignore "evidence", whether that "evidence" be "objective facts and figures" or an opinion poll that tells you if your opinion is orthodox or not.
Do chi square test and be done.
Bruh. I just looked at the numbers and immediately concluded that it seems the cream makes it less likely for the skin to improve.
Is dark matter and dark force 1:26 god?
I would have loved to see vaccines as one of the groups studied. Would've been more apples to apples with the cream, with a more direct cause and effect relationship. I would be curious to see how the cream vs vaccine group would deviate, politically.   Or perhaps I misunderstand the political polarization of vaccines haha.
Dumb question, but did the person presenting the problems say that these were fictitious problems in both cases, only one case or in neither case?
Ya, something about being an Expert is inherently subjective.  According to the Experts, one side of the brain is responsible for logic while another part of the brain is emotional. I believe this test did not prove people's political ideology interferes with their ability to properly assess the numbers. What it shows is, when peoples emotional attachments become engaged in a subject their logic brain is overshadowed. Healing creme is yes, about as unemotional as a person can get unless they own a hand creme company. Instead of pretending Political Ideology is what skewed the test try something as politically neutral as creme yet, emotionally charged. I believe you are on a road to proving how emotions may significantly handicap a persons ability to think logically. It's not just numbers.
So what you're telling me is people do mental gymnastics to get the answer they want? SAY IT AIN'T SO....
I guess I’m weird because I paused the video to look at the numbers before the answers were given and said the study was flawed. Because we didn’t know if it was a blind or double blind test, or how much “worse” or “better” the rashes got, I was gonna call the whole thing off. 😂
It's just depends on percentage of success of the independent variables
Bro I would love to see you go on Timcast IRL, and talk about this with the guys there. I really enjoy your videos, and I know the Timcast crew would have you over.
"All I see here are people who will continue to hold partisan beliefs, regardless of the evidence, all the while deluding themselves into thinking they came to these beliefs via an independent sober consideration of the facts." - Verutasium 2024  This extraordinarily presumptive statement is the most biased comment I've ever heard; and it is confidently made using tribalism, which is factually true and does influence people's opinion, but does not validate such a statement being made. Yes, we all believe we are factually based and unbiased but are influenced by our biases/tribalism - to varying degrees which you cannot be aware of.  Side note: if you include ALL the data presented at the end of your sponsored example by GroundNews by all sides, then crime did in fact go up.
Numeracy will increase skepticism when presented with pololitical stats, fomenting distrust.
5:32 as soon as I saw the familiar numbers I thought "Yeah but what the numbers represent is not the same here." It went by so fast I mistook it for a feeling or intuition.
Idk man. Assumed that the sample sizes were the same because why wouldn't they be, and therefore the was an unmentioned  group of people with no effect either way. And giving the control no cream isn't really a valid test, they should get placebo cream. Who is designing this study?
notice though that the driving force in that political presentation is *misinformation.* Lack of clarity, lack of context. Made up statistics that dont align with reality.  I would also want this study done on none americans.
Man a lot of the Comments are Ironically proving this point when trying to claim other factors at play like distrust of Science or info.  The entire point of this was that people who could calmly and rationally analyze the first one. Could not do it with the second one. Even with the data and method being the exact same. Some even when told the info is made up. And just asked to tell what the made up info was showing STILL could not do it or would not.  This is not limited to just politics. Its also present in conversations around religion. And even about things like Celebrities or people you like.  Its Confirmation Bias. They never say this in the video. But its the same principal.  You are more likely to accept info that already confirms your beliefs. And more likely to reject info if it counteracts your beliefs.  Your more likely to believe some nasty rumor about a stranger or some one you DONT like. Than you are about a friend or even some one you like but are not close to. This is the most common and personal example.   Its not a distrust of Science per say because in other areas where the Science either supports them or does not have to do with something important to them its accepted just fine. Like the Skin Cream. It was not really applicable to most people and no one had "skin in the game" so to speak.  But when a more personal element like political alignment came up that is when the same data set and methods were then brought more into question and scrutinized or even miss understood. By BOTH PARTIES as well. Not just one. BOTH.   The point about the Tribalism is spot on. Its much easier to fit in. Its much easier to get along. And it acts as an echo Chamber. And with contradicting info being kept out or fought against it is reinforcing. Again. For both sides.    There is also the Changing your mind aspect. Its a LOT harder than most think. A lot of the things like Religion or politics or anything anyone might base a part of their Identity on is incredibly hard to change. For things like the skin cream its easy to understand because it requires no change. No ones wrong. Your fine and still right. Being confronted with info that disproves or counteracts your current belief requires you to consider that you AND your community are wrong. Incorrect. No one intentionally is incorrect in a serious way. And acknowledging you are requires you to change your view. Your behavior and your perception of those around you. Its a HARD thing. And life changing. So people unconsciously FIGHT against it. Simple as that.   Science is science. Data is Data. All that Changes is our interpretations. And THOSE are what is influenced by our beliefs.
I was confused how i got it wrong using % instead of ratio because aeent they rhey same, then i relaised i had written the % of each group with the wrong label.... Lol....
This title is paradoxical by definition.
Ok I’m gonna be that guy because the way this video presented data really bothers me. 1) could it be the case that the political question was poorly phrased and that affected people’s abilities to reason what the data was saying? I had a hard time figuring out how to interpret the signs in the second study and I’m watching on replayable video 2) a large reason why the math literate people experience an absolute reduction in correct answers is that their baseline is so much higher (eg going from 90% to 70%) vs the less literate group which is already is low (say 50% down to 40%). When you have a 50/50 question skewing south of 50% correct is really remarkable. Also using “significant” so offhandedly is pretty poor here - there’s not enough evidence provided in any of this to indicate significant causation. And you don’t present any error bounds or certainty in anything you’re presenting as a trend in how humans think. The whole video is guilty of the exact bias that you’re trying to highlight.
I understand the points being made here the problem is that with political beliefs they are founded in a system. Its hard to change one without touching 100 different other things.  The other problem is that there are confounding bad actors on both sides that both sides have seen and means we cant just trust whatever data is put infront of us. The 3rd problem i see always being made by stem groups is that they create an experiment where they control for all the variables and then test their hypothesis. The problem is the environment they create is divorced from reality.    For example. Gun control, I have a rough estimate of the number of people who died from democide during the 1900s  It doesnt matter what your test or sample says because I know that the threat outside of the study is greater than whatever threat a gun poses.  Unless you show me that gun deaths are in the range of 7,178 per day. I'm not interested. (Which id argue is a severe undercount. but its the numbers spat out by the internet. I am not arguing the accuracy of these numbers I am just making the point that there is extra info outside of a simple study.)
I literally saw the thumbnaik and was like this looks like a piece from "thinking, fast and slow"
Kind of late, but i feel like the real takeaway from this is that given a vague set of information, people are more likely to make assumptions that align with their beliefs. I could have told you that without a study.
Your statement is incorrect. The Democrats think guns increase crime and Republicans think it prevents crimes. Democrats want to stop gun possession and deny us our constitutional rights.
When I saw the first chart I was confused about the sample size 223 + 75 is 299 but the bottom part of the chart is 107 + 21 which is only a total of 128. Let's say it was 600 total people. 300 with cream and 300 without. 223 people improved with cream, 75 got worse, and 1 showed no change. And the other side, 107 improved without cream, 21 got worse, and 172 showed no change. That means for ~60% of people without cream in both versions of the study, there was no change. So I reasoned that the cream didn't help in most cases since the chance of it doing ANYTHING is already below 50% before you look at the comparison of improved vs. worsened.
There is a flaw with this study, previous knowledge. If people have a belief before approaching them about a certain subject (gun control, abortion, whatever) and that subject has been politicized to have misinformation about it. Then you show them conflicting information, they will hold true to their beliefs thinking they must defend them.  The lotion example shows this.  If there was conflicting studies showing aloe Vera causing cancer, you'd see a similar divergence in those in pro aloe camp and anti aloe camp.   I say run the study again but not with gun control. But with some widget or mcguffin. Claim democrats support said mcguffin and Republicans oppose. Whatever it is must be thought through throughly to sound real and have real word implications, but not be tied to any real world situations. It's a difficult study to do because of the many variables.
@1:32 you went right to left, I went bottom up.. 107 improved to 223 improved means just over twice the number of people improved.. whereas over 3 times as many people were made worse.. now to figure out what to do with these extra 12 minutes..
Oh, the irony, and calling the kettle black. 😝 This episode reminds us that neutrality isn’t just about the data we present; it’s also about the headlines, thumbnails, and sound‑bites we wrap them in.  The episode is titled “On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse.” The phrase is catchy, but also loaded: it primes viewers to see the story as a “gotcha” about intelligence rather than a nuanced look at how identity shapes reasoning - the packaging model (this video) the very bias the content critiques. Can a viewer "truly" adopt a neutral analysis by watching this video and overcome if the content is priming cognitive bias?  If we want audiences to engage analytically rather than tribally, we have to resist the lure of provocative packaging—even (or especially) when the algorithm/tribe/“confirmation bias” rewards it.
Study results : Humans are emotional above all. How much did they spend for this great discovery?
i was ready to get it wrong but got it right now i feel dumb
This is a huge failure because your two examples are not comparable.  The first example of "Cream applied to rash has effect on rash" has a direct causal link. The second example of  "Gun control applied to entire population has effect on minor subset of population" has no causal link.  You claim that people get the analogy wrong because they  innumerate, but in reality the "get it wrong" because they recognize the lack of causal link.
I have a high school level education and I view myself as relatively smart, was bummed at how easy this was. As far as uneducated people go it's just a 50/50, this felt like a waste of time.  Edit: I made this comment before getting to the political part, that's wild
This is the first time I've found a flawed video from this channel..  Sample sizes were not given. That's not the flaw or a flaw, but it's the start of what I'm saying.   The assumption here made by this channel by 1.38 is that the sample sizes were different for each group , AND  that this is a COMPREHENSIVE LIST of categories. One would expect for example, a 'no change' category, whether it was, or was not, explicit in the original study. (read, for example, cream : 223 - 300  no change - 75. and: 107 - 743 no change - 21 and you get sample sizes of 598 and 871 respectively and improvements of 37% and 12% respectively  If I were asked this on the street id be tempted to ask for sample sizes but wouldn't  But I would not accept the answer based on an assumption that no one's rash stayed the same. You can only get what's there - not infer no stasis in skin condition just to fit a theory, neither to make this simpler than real science or facts or real life both should be, and actually is
1:44 i paused to imagine my answer. Turns out... Welp, I was off for different reasons. I got confused by the total number represented between the 2 sets  because having 298 in one set and 128 in the other set were such weird af numbers that i wondered what the actual data set was supposed to be. It only said improved or worsened, and since it was so close to a round number, and it seemed like for a statistics it would be much easier to work with round numbers, and it seemed reasonable that you wouldn't have 100% clear cut results among all participants on both sides, it seemed reasonable to me that each set must be around number and they just didn't list the people who had no change either direction. So I figured it was 300 versus 130 with two in each case having no significant change.  so then does that mean the 2 people in each set to make it an even number of participants had no change whatsoever?   Don't they do equal numbers across the experiment and control for better comparison?   If it was 300 people in each set then the cream was better because about 74% of people saw improvement, 25% worsened, and 1% saw no change. If the placebo group was out of 130 people then it's more like 82% of people had improvement, 16% worsened, and 2% had no change. So in that comparison the placebo overall was better.   But why would you do a data set of 130 placebo against 300 cream??? That's such a weird number comparison to me. Why wouldn't you try for some equal or more relevant numbers?   So then if the placebo group was 300 people as well, that would drastically change the answer. Instead of 82% improving it would be 36% improved, 7% worsened, and 57% had no change whatsoever. So in that scenario the placebo is way less effective and the cream is the clear winner.
Summary: bias diminishes accuracy, and reducing a problem to math increases accuracy; I described this in detail on my channel 👍😎✨️ /s/ EliLiviz
Emotions turn off your brain
the table is missing a column of how many had nul effect
I generally have low trust on street studies. The results can depend on too many factors and you could get different responses from the same person when you ask in the morning or in the afternoon. 1111 people don't feel enough to approximate the true distribution. Unless it can generate predictions that can be cross-validated or actual causal relation can be further analysed.
Interesting.
In other words politics makes people stupid.
I learned this relatively early when I took a college class about the effect of advertising. I don't remember what the class was called since it was just an easy elective, but one of the lessons stuck with me: you are ALWAYS affected by advertising. Virtually no one is immune. Some people think politics is different, but just the same way as you didn't naturally drift towards Coca-Cola, you didn't naturally drift towards your political party, either.
Very important video, thanks for sharing!
I think we need to dig into how political views become so polarizing that they split people almost perfectly down the middle. What are the odds that, on issue after issue, we end up so evenly divided — especially when we’re often looking at the same statistical, supposedly unbiased information?  If the data suggests that such perfect polarization is unlikely by chance alone, then maybe there’s an invisible hand — some structural or systemic influence — skewing how people interpret the facts. And if that's true, then perhaps we're trying to solve the wrong part of the problem. Maybe we need to start by identifying and dismantling that influence first.
My first thought was 75/~300, or ~25%, worsened vs 21/~130, or >20%, worsened. So it's worse than control
Although I'm sceptical on therapists and psychoanalysis at times, these psychology tests are interesting.
We should try to repeat these experiments around the world to be sure the result isn't causes by all the strange chemicals Americans put in their so called food.
If you ask the first question to me, I will djppy (YT censorship) you in the face because:   first, you chose unequal sized control groups which makes calculations during UNNECESSARILY painful and increases the likelyhood of errors   second, you gave the cream to the larger group which means that if it has any dangerous side effects, it will affect a larger number of people  And the title of this video is also misleading and absolutely incorrect, because the smartest people do give the correct answer (here smartness is measured based on numeracy skills).  8:46
I would say that we may be looking at a very much different effect in place. The fear of being taken out of context. Regardless of the numbers a lot of people which are good calculating the efficiency of those numbers can come up to the right answer. But then they will question why they are being asked to answer it, while being filmed at, without knowing if the data is real or forged, to admit something that goes against their personal belief and in turn convince othersfor ill intention and create disinformation.    After all, there is a practice among snake oil salesmen to take participants and ask them retorical questions such as "would you like being rich?" to which the participant will say "yes" and making it sound as if they are agreeing with the scammer regarding their product.
On average, americans suck with numbers, graphs and charts.
N8ce
Not changing decisions/beliefs you have already thought about and decided, just because some random guy on street with a microphone shows you a clipboard with 4 numbers on it isn't being tribal, it's just not being gullible. Let's not forget that the study was indeed fake.
I understand the concept of this but my brain takes the correct answers right off the bat and didn't even consider the wrong Solutions so my perspective is that a smarter person would have looked at it the way I looked at the problems I consider myself of normal intelligence although I have an opinion that the average person is quite unintelligent but still these questions were not hard at all I would assume that these were Elementary level problems and that the confusion lies and the comprehension of the question
This wasn't that hard tho. I'm not even bragging
What do you mean smarter people get this wrong? How does that make any sense? These are easy questions.
This video is absurd. The word "smart" can be used broadly, but in this context, the smarter person would be able to solve this question, which completely makes this video false, do to, obvious reasons. The thumbnail also states "Knowing math doesn't help." which is ridiculous. If you were completely unaware of mathematics you wouldn't even know what numbers were and therefor not even understand the problem. This is my pet peeve of Veritasium. Veritasium takes a very "technically" type of question and exaggerates it to an extreme.
Bravo! This is incredibly important information. If we could be a united America, we could actually solve all kinds of problems.
I’m curious how they accounted for people who KNEW the correct answers in the real world vs the fake study. An osteologist asked for the correct number of bones in the human body will always tell you the same answer, regardless of whether or not the answer given to them as an option is correct or not, regardless of political considerations. They would seem to be biased or wrong based on how they’ve setup this study, but from their perspective, they are simply repeating the truth as they’ve been taught. They are assuming political bias or error on the surveyor’s part, and ignoring the bad data in favour of providing their correct (in the real world outside of the study) answer.
This tool just pulled 0.0026 BTC from my drive. Found it here on the BTC Mining 2025 channel.
Did you try "priming" the participants before asking them about the data? I think people would respond differently if they were asked them if they were open minded before looking at the data.
Interesting video until the very silly sponsor. It doesn't measure right and left bias because ground news doesn't know what the right and left is.
The problem is the framing of the question. Conservatives are used to data manipulation in statistics when presenting data about gun control. Many of the figures of gun violence include suicide and levitate police activity. A good deal of them most likely assumed the numbers were manipulated when you showed the numbers that crime decreased with more gun control. While liberals on political issues react almost exclusively on emotions. This is a close relative to confirmation bias and can easily be mistaken for it.
Love these videos so much.
It took me a second, "on these Questions, smarter people do worse". People are not necessarily less Smart; they're insecure, emotionally driven. The High Numeracy individuals, are less secure with taking the time to reason the Question, the Low Numeracy individuals, are inherently uncomfortable with the interaction, and are focusing not on the Question, they're focusing on how they are perceived. When you apply the Political Question, those insecurities manifest amongst individuals within the High Numeracy group. Your always going to have, exceptions to intelligence, that being very High and Very Low; most people are around the same potential, some slower, some faster, though the result is not lower intelligence, it is insecurity. Slower processing individuals, doesn't inherently mean less intelligent, it's probably, mostly insecurity. A lot of Smart people are Socially insecure, though their confidence in problem solving is very high, so it's a comfortable space for them. When your faster, your going to be more confident.
Donald Trump should see this video.
Reminds me of a time I was in the car with my mum. I saw 2 men talking and it looked like a normal friendly conversation to me. Then my mum said one of the guys looked angry, and I could see my mental memory of the guy's face immediately change from friendly to angry
This is absurd because it is comparing not objective data, but an arbitrary number on a paper. A groups ability to look at data and come to an objective truth and a groups ability to throw away all their prior knowledge on a subject when presented with a completely fabricated study are two very different things.   If you showed inconvenient true stats to each parties ideology it would come closer to being a study worth merit. The best this is is hack sociology that is testing mostly just people's patience
"We need to find dumber people", "America it is"
the global warming chart makes the least amount of sense to me considering there is a correct answer that is scientifically proven? how are the more scientifically literate republicans getting it wrong!? i cant fathom this
Because we think in the terms of good or bad, black or white, high or low.  Thinking in terms of gradient takes some brain processing.
For the skin cream i believe percentage is more important because we want to bring it to more people. So no cream worked better.  And for gun crime the amount of number is more important than percentage or probability because we want to bring it to zero . So the one which has the least sum by increase crime - decrease crime is better.
The creme made it worse than no cream if you look at the total population and in terms of percent, cream used vs not used. Then the result flips once you flip the result.
How was the Numeracy score measured?
I would love to see which races were more guilty of this. My thesis is that the white majority is more pressured to conform because they hold the status quo, their ideas of normal and average or conformity center around the status race grants them. Maybe this generation just as racists as their parents because they didn’t grow up during the 1776-1964 apartheid era of the US
What I've learned over the past few years is that we all like to THINK we come to our conclusions and hold the beliefs we do because we've weighed the evidence and it makes most sense. But in reality or motivations are primarily emotional. So rather than try to convince people with facts I'm trying to get better at getting to the bottom of why someone feels that way, or what emotions are behind particular (harmful) beliefs that can be met in other ways. Trying to convince people who are part of extremist groups or groups that exert coercive control over their members with numbers and logic is like banging your head against a wall.
It was easy to call it politics 10 years ago when both parties cared about democracy. Now it's all about fighting the cancer that Trump supporters are. This is the same type of cancer that got Hitler into power in Nazi Germany
The USA is not the right place for this kind of studies. The distribution is as skewed as it gets
11:33 If "Science comprehension/intelligence" is a proxy for "science knowledge", then those with more knowledge should be expected to be more skeptical and/or stubborn, because their existing beliefs are based on knowledge that might be foolish to abandon, based on only one counterexample of evidence.
What you thought the title meant: "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse than Stupider People" What it actually meant: "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse than on Other Questions"
0:12 the guy was born to do interviews on streets
is this the dunning kruger?
You just need to know Bayes Theorem, and this seems simple
I got the skin cream correct....I guess I'm dumb after all 😃 thank you for the confirmation video veritasium
I didn't get any questions right....I'M A GENIUS !!!!
Doesn't this mean that political matters should be argued by people who are apolitical instead of politicians to achieve the most rational political decisions?
Guys I lost the plot at the second fictitious study, how can crime increase and decrease at the same time? Isn't it supposed to be like +200 or -200 crimes cases in single column. Why are there 2 columns 😅. Its not a comparable example as the first fictitious study at all, and everyone just act like it makes sense. I think I'm going crazy or I'm the stupid one omg😂 I need answers
That’s kind of like asking whether or not ice cream sales increase violent crime.  The question being asked is not what is being answered.  In fact, the question cannot be answered without a belief set. Hence the answers are actually rational, while the question itself is a misappropriation of “scientific” reasoning. Academics are equally susceptible to “scientific reasoning,” which means they can misinterpret common sense.   The two scenarios are not actually the same question at all.  Controversial issues are non-binary. Hence trying to frame them as a binary choice will get instantly rejected. People understand there are hundreds if not thousands of uncontrollable factors which feed into a seemingly simple “fact.” The question implies causality and linear relationships, which a considerate person will reject based on their personal beliefs.   Most people intuitively recognize this inconsistency with data and hence will reject the implication of a study rather than the numbers themselves. In other words, they are answering the question “should gun control be enacted” rather than “is gun control correlated to a numerical result.”  It all depends on how you present something. When it comes to deciding a course of action, people will often rely on their personal beliefs (I.e. principles). This is both rational and arguably the best way to answer questions like this, since the data itself in this category cannot be tied to a single factor as if it were a linear relationship.
ppl rely on table(data) authors being good statistics specialists. so they r sure focus groups r the same amount of ppl. and some of them got effected better, some worser, and other "not listed" had no effect. its not about ppl being able to count. its a totally different question, guyz. and i dont like that video cuz of that. i dont like ppl being punished for being not aware of bear traps someone might put in the middle of their kid playground. at some fckin point. dont like it at all. its just rude.
since i got it right does that mean im stupid or extra smart??
Favorite part was all the old white Trump supporters standing defensively trying to figure out if the guy with camera was on their side or whether they needed to harass him lol
Lady at 3:02 showing the biggest indicator of low intelligence: The inability to admit "I don't know" or "I don't understand". Instead starts deflecting and rationalizing why she won't answer
I think it's also involved on the impact that data has on certain individuals. More impact, more feedback, good or bad. Less impact, less feedback. Caring more or caring less. Is this good or bad? It depends on how much that data affects you. You being an individual with curiousity, or actual companies or goverment bodiies.
3:00 good lord 🤦😂
"Trigger words" is a leftist term used to excuse violence over hurt feelings.
I've long thought we need to drop the political messaging so we can get things done. What would be the difference if we marketed policy changes on pollution reduction and stormwater management? But people foolishly insist that you accept their climate change catechism or you're guilty of heresy and must be flogged til you comply.
*Misinformation and propaganda,* those are the real issues no matter what party you support. If you're being lied to over and over,  you stop seeing the truth, and the truth is not about opinions or bias
This is just people not trusting surveys. The caveats they had about it are pretty reasonable for a bunch of people that have all been warned about how people lie with statistics
less go dude! I got the cream question first try by using ratios!
Ummm, did anyone else see major logical fallacies in the Yale study?   I work with a high performing team of (mostly) PhDs and I spend a lot of time going through the scientific principle, logical fallacies, and errors in reasoning in instances where Bayesian statistics are involved.   I'll admit something upfront; I have not read the Yale paper -- and I should.  So I accept that I may not have all of the relevant information but there is an implied experimental control that results in a false equivalency fallacy. The skin cream question was straight forward but then they jumped to the question of gun control, under the pretense that the issue of gun control now introduces 'a single controlled variable' that is political bias.  The false equivalency is that in the skin cream example we can reasonably assume that the groups were randomized to control for other variables. The skin cream example is a 'static in time' snapshot of response to cream vs a control, while the gun control example is a 'change over time'  study that implies multi-variate effects (gun-control laws, political bias *AND* time).  Note, the gun study is described as "cities that recently enacted concealed carry gun laws'.   I'm somewhat shocked that @Veritasium,   a channel about science, fails to point out the weakness of the study design (or they flubbed the description of the studies from the paper).  The description of the gun study in the video is poor.  The video states that 'cities enacted gun control laws' while other cities didn't.   That can't be right because why would there be an increase, or decrease, in the cities that didn't change laws?  If that is truly the control group in the Yale study then something else is driving the change in the gun related crime statistics, and by definition this is a multi-variate problem. Taken on face value (as described by the video), in the case (question #1) where gun laws are enacted and effective  in reducing gun related crime (i.e. the fractional increase is lower), the implication is that there is a time dependent variable increasing the incidence of overall gun crimes in both types of cities *AND*  the gun laws are an additional negatively correlated  parameter to the incidence of gun crimes (a good thing). In the second question,  the incidence of gun crimes is lower where (presumably and it's unclear) people are allowed to conceal carry. In this case, there is an additional negative correlation to gun crime incidence, when concealed carry is allowed.  This is either a very poor study design or Veritasium has done a poor job of explaining the study. In both cases Veritasium has failed to point out study fallacies and poor experimental design.  If Veritasium is interested to explore the topics of poor experimental design and 'how smart people can be wrong' or innumeracy, they should do a video about how all of the studies that showed 'one glass of wine a day is healthier' than no alcohol consumption.     Couple of additional notes: -  Let's be clear: I love the Veritasium, we are all lucky to have it but with great respect comes great responsibility. - the gun control study is a measure of 'incidence' in an attempt to infer prevalence.  - I wonder whether the cream study example actually used a placebo cream rather than no cream?  Taken on face value the study does not take into consideration the placebo effect that is always a part of prospective studies.
1:27 i used ratioes in the format of n:1 and saw that not using the cream has a improved to not improved ratio of 5:1 conpared to the cream 3:1 so not using the cream should be better
I think a large part of these results are participants either not knowing or not being fully convinced that the data they're provided here isn't real, if there's any chance that the study is valid then logical reasoning about the actual merits of gun control laws as well as previous interaction with the data kicks in harder. That is to say if you believe the data to be potentially true, your brain to avoid wasting resources will just piggyback off the work it's already done, if that data contradicts the work it's done it'll try and come up with some rationale for why that might be but still remain unconvinced about the results because what's one piece of data when you've got a camera in your face compared to 5 you've mulled over
The problem is that most people are unable to separate describing results (apparent correlation) vs the interpretation (causation). Scientists do it for a living but even some of them still confuse the two.
Try asking non-Americans...
"Don't do mainstream news, kids!"
The study is flawed because it assumes a simple correlation between numeracy and ideological bias without recognizing that what it defines as the highest level of numeracy is still only an intermediate level overall. A little knowledge can create overconfidence, leading people to interpret data in ways that align with their existing beliefs rather than assessing it objectively. The study also appears to focus on a lay population without distinguishing those trained to critically analyze data. This oversimplifies the conclusion—true expertise may actually help reduce bias rather than reinforce it.
Wait I still don't get it maths wise😅 Can someone help please?
Did it matter though if the data was wrong or made up vs true?  Maybe some people have better intuition on the truth.  It also doesn't help with there shear volume of gaslighting.
The reason why gun control will not work as intended in the USA is the mindset of the people. Americans seem to be violent to each other more so than people in Japan for example. It's also why mass transport won't work for Americans - too strong minded in independence and violent to each other. So you won't have a peaceful ride on a train without armed security. We need to change the thinking process of the youth up to about age 10 to have the thinking of Japanese or Singapore people, and they, take over as the new older population to where all this strong independent thinking and tendency toward violence no longer occurs.
Sometimes I forget people are just really dumb.
«Rush improves» can actually mean two opposite results.
We're biased based on previous beliefs and jump to quick conclusions to prevent having to think, saving calories burned,  evolved for survival.
I think you are getting wrong conclusions.  The smart guys do know what the study suggests, it is just that under common sense THEY DOUBT the result, and sure they phrased it like that, and then you just count them as wrong
this is the worst video i've ever seen. instantly i saw that 223/75 is a worse ratio than 100/20. it's simple maths.
I'm just sitting at home, so I can do these pretty well, but if I was suddenly asked on the street, I'm certain I would do worse, way worse.
People adjust reality based on their preconceived beliefs.
Haa. I got it righttt....oh
i bet a lot of those people you talked to are now going around telling their friends the results of the study you showed them bc it totally went over their head that the studies were fake lol
I’m good at math so I thought of a simple solution without math, and got it wrong. So me thinking I should not use math made me wrong
That's so interesting!
Answer can be simplified by odd's ratio
You are conflating secondary education with "smarter", which is beyond fallacious. There was a time when this was true, but secondary education today is an industry designed to create employees just smart enough to do a job yet not smart enough to question anything. 200+ years ago, a university education was about the Classics and learning HOW to think, not WHAT. Thanks to the influence of the likes of Rockefeller, such skills have been quite deliberately removed from the curriculum.
University of Arizona Campus very nice
4:17 my most approprite wtf ever.
It's all about perception.   Which sounds like a better deal 40% off or save $1.20? Marketers use this technique all the time.  How about asking a witness to tell you how fast the blue car was going?  Almost everyone will have an answer. Even if there was no blue car. It's how you present it.  Or news reporting purse snatching rates are up 50% from last year. Which seems high until you realize there was only one last year.  It's disappointing to hear all the oh no math comments. I nerdily turn every address I see or gas price into a math equation for fun. Sad I know.
8:02 yes climate change is man made and caused by greenhouse gas emissions. But it’s not as dangerous or fast as people say it is.
5:07 the reason gun control doesn’t work is because the cause of gun violence isn’t guns (Iceland and Israel have plenty of guns but almost no gun violence (well Israel does because terrorism)) the actual reason is cultural. I don’t know what it is and I don’t wanna be xenophobic but that’s what’s most likely.
Most of these comments are: Sure you should be suspicious of statistics because the other tribe lies.  I give up on the human race.
I'm less interested in the politics, and more interested that that many people managed to get the answer wrong.
1:28 or just consider probability of improving in those grops
This is a very difficult subject to approach -- because questions like that, especially with a camera, make people think you're trying to get a sound byte out of them. You can't uncover their true answer, because you are always going to create a "gotcha" dynamic by simply asking that type of question in the first place. You have to remember, this isn't 2015 anymore. You can't just ask people questions, and reasonably expect the answer will represent anything.
Ideology. The clean and well lit prison of one idea.
"I have to look at the sources and the sources of sources."  "The numbers aren't real" "I have to look at this pragmatically."    Sums up politics in a nutshell.  I need to find a way to disprove anything I don't agree with.
i saw the problem about skin cream then immediately just went to making it a ratio (21/138 : 75/298, which is equal to about 15% : 25%), which means more people got better when they didn't use the skin cream
OH MY GOD! I’m not smart, but this is easy to me.
I'm a leftist that carries every day. I have no idea if gun control increases or decreases crime. I have believed both sides at separate points of my life, and do not believe either side anymore. I just know that i follow all the rules of firearm safety, have quick access safes at home, a high quality retention holster, and i hope i make it to the end of my life without ever actually needing my firearm.
I got it right, am I dumb?
I guess im dumb because i instantly went for the ratios on the cream question instead of "big number"?
Stop playing each other off one another that would help
You changed the question and suddenly i could feel my brain shutting down. What. I guess... at least it seems like i'm still capable of noticing?
This test does not measure intelligence, rather is measures the effects of emotionality on rationality. This should be called a Sophestry test... where intelligence is used to bolster ones social standing rather than find truth; smarter people make better liers.
It's simple, just do the worsened divided by better for each one, in the end, about 25.17% people using cream got worse and 16.4% people who was not using cream got worse.
Many important points. But I do believe it is valid to question statistical results. As a student of Economics, we learn how to analyze data and differentiate between correlation and causation. Within every sample study, there is nearly an infinite amount of variables present in reality, that is impossible to account for when you run regressions and other analytics. The point is that we can look at the results, but we have to apply theory as a sort of “sanity check” in interpreting the results. This ofc brings in human bias, but statistics can largely be misleading if it doesn’t account for all prominent explanatory variables. To agree with one of your final points, it is most essential that people keep an open-mind in interpreting data to try to avoid the biases displayed in the video
It is bizarre. I used to be a Democrat/Liberal but once I encountered evidence that many lies were told by Democrats and Liberals during Covid, as well as many of the narrative attacks surrounding Trump turned out to be complete farces, in addition to the complete lies told about RFK Jr. I left the left.
Thank you for keeping it apolitical.
I think you’d get the right answer more often if the control group and experimental group were the same size. Like 100 people that used the cream and 100 people that didn’t.
i did 223÷298 is approx 225÷300, 75% and since it just looked like 107/128 was bigger anyway, i simplied and underestimated by doing 100/120 which is 83.3..%, clearly the eye test was right, the cream made it worse i dont see how the wrong answer is intuitive, 75 immediately looks like its gona be worse proportionally
The fact that people read the same statistics differently depending on question is mindboggling to me. On the other hand, I'm a kind of lone wolf mentally with minor in mathematics which makes it easier for me to just look at the statistics; looking at the numbers is easy for me so I can first look at the stats and then look at the question.  That said, I do write software for living so my mental model is mostly "I'm trying to prove myself wrong" while looking for potential mistakes and security vulnerabilities.
People like to virtual signal that they are "open minded", but being open to new information and perspectives is an incredibly difficult and emotionally taxing process that you aren't "just like that"
Useless cream study, not placebo controlled, thus not double blinded, no group for which rush stayed the same, different group sizes for cream and no cream, totally inconclusive. As a person who lives in a country where guns are outlawed(Ukraine) trust me stricter gun laws = less violent crime rate. For US that has historically always been an armed nation best solution is not banning guns, coz there is so many of them, you may end up taking guns of of hands of good guys while bad guys will secretly keep theirs, you need strict gun license and permit laws, psychiatric checkups every year to prolong license age 21+ not 18+ etc. and for the sake of God never elect trump or anyone like him again, not just US and nearing countries, the whole World suffers and it’s just been a few months…
I saved this version for my kids to watch 10 years later
Just avoid doublespeak and watch the majority of people get it right.
Wow, it is so surprising to see a true nonpartisan video these days that still talks about politics. Great job!
Skin cream question was so easy. Wait
The title is utter bs. Really smart people are not tricked by this.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them. --David Hume
Icl when it changed from rash to gun control it was the same numbers, but my brain had a lot more words added on and fell apart. I had to rework it out like 4 times and try to remember what it was in the cream example to double check I was right 😅
“smarter people do worse”  yet the whole video shows dumb people making dumb assessments of quantitative data. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♀️🤦 If you title the video this way, actually ask smart people.
I got it right... what does that say about intelligence 😭
I was confused right off the rip. Not even the same amount of people were viewed in each group? I kept getting more confused throughout the entire video. Lmao
I think that it makes sense, that is why people can get biased.
for democrats numeracy didn't help but they somehow still got it right with low numeracy. shows how ingrained the true reasoning got to that party
TLDR: On These Questions, Human beliefs questioned the numbers and may or may not insist their beliefs.  Hence eh,  Congratz Trump wins right :P
This is why I'm super glad to have studied a minor in mathematics, and done a science class on statistical analysis. When you know how to read stats properly, you can consistently come to unbiased conclusions about what those stats indicate (assuming you want to)
Idk man, I just calculated everything using relative percentages. And now that I got answers right I believe i'm stupid af
Actually it doesn't include me though. I'm a nut that doesn't give a damn what soceity thinks about me. the only thing that matters is objective facts. But I do agree with the fact that people allow their subjective biases control their logical thinking and rationale capabilities, that is so extremely true from my point of view.   I witness it in just about every polarizing topic discussed on social media's, I love to argue both for and against just about every topic I see people talking about. I'll scroll around and look for someone that says something blatently biased, and provide arguments against their logic. it's one of my favorite passtimes, But I'm an extreme outlier and view soceity as a manmade construct meant for observation, it's one giant human expirament honestly.
@3:15 223+75 = 298 107+21 = 128 So a) Even if you DOUBLE the amount and HYPOTHESIS the "No cream" Group, Your still missing data to prove that they win b) You CANT AT ALL ANSWER this question because you have INCOMPLETE DATA, so Using or Not using is BOTH WRONG and C)!! - NO Actual study has a Control group that is LESS THEN the Amount of People Using or being given something to test. it HAS TO BE the same EXACT TOTAL NUMBER, to be COMPLETELY ACCURATE
I think one factor could be the reluctance to accept singlevariate analysis as a reason to alter one's worldview. For example, you could show with statistical certainty that complete isolation stops the spread of a disease. By literally preventing every single person on earth coming into contact with anyone else on earth, the disease will stop spreading, and so you could conclude that it is a statistically irrefutable method of addressing the problem. But, there is so much more to the issue that, even presented with those statistics, you'd refuse to agree that isolation is a worthwhile method of stopping the spread. This example is obviously inspired by recent events.  I'd be interested to see how these tests did when more of a complete picture was presented and not just have a single statement of "we have problem X, based on these specific statistics we have solution Y, therefore we must to Y to solve X. Do you agree?". It's just too low resolution an approach to inspire a change of mind to such topics, even in principle.
rejecting tribalist thinking is a good cause to aim for but too frequently it's impossible to take meaningful action while still catering to one sides refusal to accept scientific consensus
How many people used the cream in each group? We don’t have a no effect group.
3:02 That's the spirit! "Funk those numbers... Gimme a rash and a cream!"
The skin cream question isnt it a stat question. I feel it can be solved using t test
I’m just gonna say the verbiage of the crime should have been crime increases crime decreases
I've been meaning to watch this video for a while, the first question was disappointing :(
won the question...... but at what cost?
The funniest thing in the comments is seeing some people getting upset over being supposed not smart because they got the question right
Oh ... Im stupid
In my opinion the fictional skin cream study is actually not that easy to interpret. With the information given we don't know how many participants were in each group and specifically for how many participants in each group the skin rash didn't change at all.
The thing about gun violence stats in city vs rural in the US is people take raw data and reword it to support their side of the arguement while ignoring the other wording. If comparing frequency (number of cases per year) you conclude that rural communities are safer than cities. But when comparing per capita (number of cases per population) you conclude that cities are safer. Pay attention to whether the dat is interpreted as per capita or frequency when presented with these stats
Literally trash you wasted my time so much you are a burden to world
i actually got the first question right by proportioning 💀
I wonder if part of is that they believe the question is trying to prove a theory right or wrong and so they're defending that rather than looking at the data.
if i got it right am i not smarter ?
So, I guess I'm pretty dumb, but Stanford-Binet says I have an IQ of 136.
WTF is crime improved or crime worsened mean.
We have ACTUAL data regarding gun crime. So the study isn't going to work.
As soon as I saw the inverted bell curve, I thought of the Midwit meme. It always goes back to that.
That escalated faster than the inflations on the Balkans
Herd mindset and pattern recognition is a double sided sword. Its helped us survive for hundreds of thousands of years but it's also what's currently stagnating and stopping us from achieving our full potential.  A herd mindset discourages independent thinking because those independent 500,000 years ago died off because you're more likely to die alone than if you were in a tribe.  That mindset then implants patterns that you inherently seek. Group says red berry bad blue berry good so you follow because they haven't died yet and you should probably listen.   However even when that statement might be false, you'd still be safer sticking to what you know than risk getting food poisoning by questioning the logic. Again, great for survival, very bad for a society that's critical and objective.
No, if you are smart you wouldn't get them wrong. Those that get them wrong are doing so because they aren't considering all the information provided, using only half of a theory/concept.
I was watching your videos, which did not appear in my stream, although you have a bell. Unfortunately, this video has two defects! It appears too late! And it should have been seen by many more people.  Then, perhaps, you would have avoided the punishment Trump 2.0 ...  The basis of the propaganda lies in a similar study, done years ago, and it is the basis of the information war that Russia won, given the fact that it destroys democracies, investing only in stretching the truth. And now in outright lies.
I can almost hear the voice of the character in my profile picture...  "Delusions Mr. Anderson. Vagaries of perception. Temporary constructs of a feeble civilian intellect that is trying desperately to justify a vote that is without meaning or purpose. And all of them is artificial as the campaign itself. Although, only a civilian mind could invent something as insipid as civic duty." ... Or something like that
This is why I try to stay independent. I do my best thinking when I only have to sort out my own biases, not everyone else in my immediate social network.
Honestly... I would probably also search for the "guns more constricted means less severe crime"-evidence, cause everything else wouldn't make sense for me (I'm german and I have so freaking much fear knowing in texas someone could just draw a gun whenever... So I will probably do my best to never visit or put that thought in such a dark and tiny corner, that I don't think about it if I ever gonna visit the US). And I am probably someone who is really keen on what I believe and where I stand. But I do try. I do try to broaden my view and let others give me input I may not have considered. But yeah, bias is a bitch. It will always bite you and you don't even know it. I try to be open, but if you tap on something that I'm gonna get emotional about - I'm probably beyond reason already. BUT it will be worth the try. Cause if you lay out your reasons and evidence and get me to not instantly hate you... You have a good chance in sticking in my head and question my believe. And I am kinda questioning if there IS a belive I may have encountered that actually HAS counterproof but that I biased as I am just shrug off... I mean - humans ARE emotional and so everything that is gonna pluck on those strings is gonna have a hard time changing the tune. But the more you do (and you have to be careful or it will snap), you can slowly turn the tune. And hopefully in the direction you wanted...
me getting all questions right: 💀
Ok so basically the “smarter” people weren’t smart enough.  I was expecting more from the problems asked.
8 30
ok it does make sense that people who are higher in numeracy are are more capable of justifying the beliefs they already have no matter the numbers but i think the fact that the political questions are more well researched also plays a part. like yeah, you may be asking about the figures, but in the majority of cases, when someone walks up to you with clearly inaccurate figures and you’re aware of other papers that discuss the same issue and have differing conclusions, you’re not going to agree with the random guy who walked up to you on the street with a camera and political bait. i think it’s very likely that those with better numeracy skills also thought about whether you had a political agenda when asking that question and answered the actual question being implied  your conclusion also seems somewhat inaccurate. one of the tribes doesn’t believe climate change is real or that vaccines are helpful despite clear scientific evidence and the other does? and i don’t think the “tribes” on these topics are quite on the same level. i know that the video is attempting to come from a place of neutrality but i don’t think that was the best topic to use.
I don't disagree with the premise, but I have concerns about the data set. The "control" group is significantly smaller than the experimental group, and nobody seemed to mind that very much. Surveying another 100+ people might have had an enormous impact on the comparison.
question 1 is easy, it's just that some people don't pay attention
Politics is the religion of the secular.
Omg a question I will get right 100% of the time!
Why do people think its the biggest number? Like I think mostly about proportion when these questions pop up in tests I litterally just think about proportions
Crazy, bc I've changed my beliefs frequently and yet have a high IQ. Then again, I'm also autistic.
I don’t trust anyone who has an alternative motives face value statistics. Everyone is trying to prove a point with political statistics, but only the manufacturers would use statistics to prove a point to make their product look more effective.   In other words you can reliably predict the statistics would be less honest when favoring higher effectiveness for skin cream. Likewise it is not reliable to predict how statistics would be trying to be less honest when favoring policy effectiveness. If you already believe one is clearly true, then the other must be less honest.   Technically this is a social study framed as a math study. It doesn’t study their math abilities, it studies social effects on their reasoning.
We could just go back to civil disagreement….
great, finally some questions im good at :)))
In that first experiment I'm obsessing over the control not getting a placebo cream. It's a poorly designed study. Maybe the people who wrote the paper aren't so smart. Which would be weird given that Dan Kahan seems like a smart guy. I've read his books. He's a good writer.  As to what we can do about political polarization? Simple. First get billions of dollars, then spew out drive time radio with your message for forty years, convince evangelical preachers to vomit your message from the pulpit every Sunday, and drown swing state voters in propaganda every two years. Like I said, simple. Or...  Teach political science, and rhetoric in High School so people would have a chance at defending themselves against Brainwashing.
Great video
This study seems flawed.  It ignores the possibility that people were considering the questions had an agenda, and the people asking the questions could possibly use their answers in a way unfavourable to them. With this reasoning, people chose to ignore the pure numerical answer. And in my mind, this is correct.
What if we fought for a law that, on every social network, a negative interaction would have the same effect, but opposite to every positive interaction? Maybe the polarization would be less, right?
I just kept looking at the numbers (regardless of the reason for the data) and trying to figure out what the data said.  After that, I then questioned how the data was collected, and how were the people in each group chosen.  If it didn't match with my belief system I said, well, statistics (and sometimes science and research studies) work things to say what they want them to say. I usually do not believe a great deal of statistics and research until I know exactly how both were done.
isn't it unfair to use topics like gun control and climate change? the real life science is in agreement with liberals. if you give them numbers that disagree with real life numbers, liberals are more likely to doubt your numbers than conservatives are. what if you used some statistic that liberals would be uncomfortable with? maybe like rate of violent crimes committed by transgender women vs cisgender women?
Numeracy =/= logicality. Especially those who attend political events obviously have a strong bias.
I love this video.  I really feel bad for the helper that had to go out and ask these questions.  I can't imagine all the crackpot conversations (on both sides of the political aisle) he had to have to get a simple answer.  This helper needs a medal: he's got patience that I don't have.
My issue is with the population size of the bottom part of the table. The top is nearly double the bottom, which feels like it would lead to bad weighting. I say this having taken one stats class with a lot of time since doing so so i could be wrong.
Eh, you write a study that says that people that get cancer lives longer than those that don't... math major or not, people will ignore the numbers or at best ask for the details of where you got your numbers from.
I am a grade 5 student and i thought we all knew that 225/75 < 107/21
wow, so many smart people in the comment section
It both made more people improve and made more people get worse.  Both can be true.
Every now and then I think about this video and just get angry. It’s the perfect encapsulation of a certain kind of middle-brow, middle-class, middle-of-the-road liberalism that will do anything to make peace with fascism, as long as lip service is paid to the ideals of compromise, bi-partisanship and even-handed neutrality.
Yea. I left my religion based on logic and was totally was left isolated.
Pre conceived believe trumps rational thinking
You should have also found conservative and liberal statisticians to ask them the same question. In other words, can we educate ourselves enough to allow the data to determine our decisions and beliefs, and not vice versa?
5:49 “the Numbers? Oh those numbers don’t matter”
So, ideology makes us morons.
This is the problem with science. It's the reading or interpretation of the science. Data can be used and data can be overlooked. Agenda effects science especially if it can't truly be verified.
Judgment and intelligence do not correlate.
As much as I appreciate Veritasium, I think this entire video is folly. People didn't do worse on the studies because they all of a sudden became political, they did worse on it because all of a sudden it wasn't about math, it was about politics. If you show somebody completely neutral information on skin cream, they don't care about sources or whether the numbers are true or not; They only care about the answer to the question you posed, but when the question is a real world example, people who already have a belief are obviously not going to go along with the numbers you show, and instead think logistics. This study fails to consider the possibility that whilst people are defending their beliefs, they have good reason to do so.  This study attempts to prove that people answer wrong to protect their beliefs, but when if the example is non-political they will answer correctly. However in reality, people don't think its a math question when it gets political, they just think its an attempt at a political statement using a source. If I saw a question like that in the street, where the "correct" answer opposed my views, I wouldn't say that answer is correct just so I could win some interview, I would oppose the idea because in that context, context is important. Without using real world data from actual sources, this study and video are hardly proof of anything.
I'm not even that surprised that, no matter your political positions, confirmation bias can influence your rational thinking ability.  What DOES surprise - and honestly, scare! - me is how at least some of the people we see in this video were repeatedly told this is a fictional problem, the numbers aren't real, there isn't anything to be politically argued about. And STILL, they either refuse to or are uncapable of even beginning to view the problem from a mathematical perspective. Instead they give reasons for their beliefs, try to argue about it from a sociological, pseudo-logical stance.  "These numbers don't mean anything to me, I would need to know what the rash is..."  Cognitively incapable to try to solve the problem, or even understand it in the first place. You would think any person that was at least listening to the question would be able to see which skill is needed to solve the problem (even if they then got it wrong due to confirmation bias), but these people don't realize you can't solve a maths question by making a philosophical argument.   That scares me. If this is true on a wider scale, it means that truth and facts are clinically dead to them. There is no way you could even try to prove anything to them in an actual political debate because they couldn't even try to understand any proof. I am a very political person, I am aware this is not such an outlandish conclusion these days. This just shows it so clearly.
As a math guy myself, while I do see the validity to this idea, I think the bigger problem about doing a study like this is that numbers AREN'T the way we make political decisions. They're just not. And I don't mean this from like a "tribal thinking over evidence" kind of way, I mean if it was JUST a numbers problem, the issues wouldn't be political in the first place, they'd be solved. When talking about gun control, it's not just about rates of violent crime, it's about how the violent crime comes about. When shown that gun control increases crime, a democrat can argue that it's because they're not enforcing the law as much as they should and people are still getting them illegally. When shown that it decreases crime, a Republican can argue that the crimes were more severe because it took longer for anyone to do anything about it, or that a decrease of crime isn't worth the rights it's taking away. Both pretty valid arguments imo, and both go into scopes beyond the numbers themselves.  When you try to get people to solve issues that can't be solved in numbers alone by just showing them numbers, then yeah I feel like you're not gonna get much of a change even if their ability to read numbers goes up.  Now, don't get me wrong I do still think people aren't as open minded as they claim to be, but I feel like people who really wouldn't believe in numbers where they matter are often the same people who can't read the numbers to begin with
Yup this is proof that we are programmed
" don't villainize the other side " * Shuts book * like *that'll* ever happen.
all this shows is that the American people can't read, which we already knew.
these questions, where smarter people get them wrong more often, are very easy to find. You just need the guy asking the questions to be stupid.
I don't think this study shows what the video purports it to. I think perhaps this is more a study of how people process information, and I think the results are highly dependent on how people thought about the question. If it was just the question, look at this data and tell me which side is more effective, I think anyone with good math reasoning skills can do it. The problem is that most people don't process the question like that. They process what they perceive to be the linked implications. If you can separate the linked implications from the question at hand, all's well. Most can't or don't, and so the next way of thinking takes hold: We all have settled questions in our minds and, more to the point, in our systems of thinking. It seems, regardless of how you came to settle them, when something challenges those settled questions, we are skeptical. Maybe this shows that people with more literacy on the subject have considered (or maybe believe they have considered) the subject more carefully than others and therefore the question is more settled, and it takes more counter information to move off the settled answer.   At 8:50, that question isn't the question. The question is, how do I know that this evidence is solid evidence? So many people that we can safely assume all people do not have the capacity or the means to answer that question alone. So, we must rely on others, and usually not specific others, but groups of others, to do that for us. Who, more pointedly what group, do you trust to do that? Is it anything else than your tribe?    Maybe the way to less polarization is to just be truthful with information instead of using it to our personal or policical advantage. But then, that might be asking people to not be people.   Wait wait, can it be that the data reinforces the sarcastic answer to the way to less polarization: less information? Is it true that ignorance really is bliss?
Sick clickbait thumbnail. “Knowing math doesnt help” the first one is all math
The only difference is not about the political context, but the context people have experience with. With cream it was abstract cream people know nothing about. And in second part of the study people have their own observations and experience. And yes, personal experience affect judgement of the study which is, in fact, normal behavior to question data that contradicts your experience..
At 2:01   "recruited .. a diverse sample of 1111 Americans to participate."     he made serious mistake of biasing the sample by -30 IQ choosing only Americans.
Flawed study.  People had a right to question your bogus numbers.  You can't just give people bogus numbers and then call them irrational for not eating them up.  Most smart people instinctually knew that reality conflicted with the numbers, and they were biased as hell if they were meant to be real stats.  Crime numbers are a biased subject.   Lots of subjectivity.
This looks like a paradox to me.. so if the dumber people get to find the correct answer to that question, doesn't that subsequently make them the smarter ones ? So again if now they are the smarter ones, what would happen if they get asked the same question again with different numbers? Would they now be right or wrong?
The real take away has to do with whether you have solid enough numeracy habits to actually use math when it's a data analysis question. This research shows that lots of people, especially partisans, won't actually do the math if their political intuitions give them an instant offering in their mental in box. What the video seems to consitently show is people looking at numbers but NOT doing the math. (Many must have, but we don't see it.)   If you simply calculate the improvement and/or worsening rates for each group, the answer is plainly obvious. That's either basic habit, or it isn't. If you have basic statistical intuitions, then you know what simple math to do to just let the data speak to you (FFS!).  "Smarter people do worse" is an unfortunate interpretation here, that's not really how I'd interpret what this shows.
Opinions on most issues depend more on upbringing (values) than data. If it could be proven that making guns illegal reduced crime, I would still vote for gun rights because I value freedom more than safety.
This opens the rabbit hole of what exactly is being smart
3:02 I know who she voted for
Just more proof humans are little more than naked apes.  To some, "oogh oogh" is the answer for everything.
4:56 that made me smile so hard. It’s such an ingenious move.
I think my math was pretty good, but I got it right. So am I dumb?, I always get 100 in my exam.
But smarter people don't do worse. They're just more affected by framing, but even on the framed questions they still do better.
Are you trying to explain the election results or something?
See the problem with this study is that the people with high numeracy scores are less than the number of people with lower scores  So if say 10 people guess a 50/50 question then maybe 70 percent of people get it right  But say 1000 people guess the exact same question then that number gets closer to 50 percent  Although the questions use logic and are not random, there are many ways to interpret the problem and thus making it random
As a Democrat I don't think "Gun Control" reduces Crime. Instead, I know for a fact that it reduces "Gun Related" Crime.
"Dumb people get this question right. So I asked my American friend..."
8:35     We got 2 different alternate universe Hulk Hogans over here, man, wooooaaah brother
Positivism at its worst.
Re 5:43 the charts are the same.
One of best thought out experiments, rare
But gun control doesn’t decrease crime nor does not restricting guns make it any safer
These examples really boil down to how you interpret data. With the skin cream one, it seemed more like a simple math problem but there were still some people that asked questions about causation rather than correlation. With the political question, people were coming up with their own causations for the data for their interpretations, rather than just interpreting the data without any bias.
Well good news, at least I got it right.  I wish you had flipflopped the studies.  I wonder how I would have done with the gun control question.
So the title is just a lie. Great idea for a science video, great.
“Those numbers don’t mean anything to me” - the only lady who got the answer correct, show me the controls, show me the process.
Well thank god I answered it wrong. Because basically I'm smarter than average people
But there *is* an important difference between the skin care case and the gun control case, which is that you can randomize your control in the skin care case. The people who deny that the gun control data presented tells them whether gun control is effective or not are correct, because it could just be that there's some third variable responsible for both gun control and changes in gun crime.
Fair to say middle americans aced it?
bro ur old than my mom
seems being too smart or too dumb made people equally stubborn
Guys I think I have the answer.   People should have to take a small and short quiz about the 2 main candidates and what their campaign promises are before entering their vote. If they get it wrong, their votes are not counted.  People please like so he can see.
I actually got the skin cream question wrong funnily enough. My first thought was to look at the proportions and I saw that there was a higher better/worse ratio for no cream. But then I realized that the sample sizes would most likely be the same size, with there just being more people who's rashes stayed the same on the side with no cream. Assuming this, the cream was far more likely to improve the rash, regardless of the fact that it is also more likely to make it worse.  It's honestly just a bad question. The set up is vague and the question itself doesn't have an answer. There is no answer to "Does the cream make the rash better or worse" since this is a problem of probabilities. It made the rash better on some people and worse on others. A better question would be 'Does the cream improve the chances of the rash getting better,' to which there is still no answer because it depends on the sample size.
As a med student, this was exciting to be challenged but this was so easy.
The smarter people are, the more likely they are to identify themselves as more radical politically. If you were to ask people with less centrist politics the results would probably be a lot more interesting.
Brilliant video. I've always wondered why my way of thinking excluded me from groups, but this defines exactly my experiences. Not saying I'm smart, just saying i didn't agree that many of these political conclusions encapsulated, exhausted, and evenly applied relevant data ratios. It is very difficult to put bias off in pursuit of rational thinking. Thank you.
We have no idea of the total population size in each group and so can't draw any conclusions about whether the cream helped. We are missing information about the number of rashes that stayed the same (neither improving or getting worse). The most rational thing would be to assume that the population sizes were the same - thus the cream more than doubled the chances that your rash improves, but also more than tripling the chances that it gets worse.
I don't really understand how the intuitive correct answer is bigger number better, but anyway. Seems pretty clear it should just be the fraction.
Missleading title and conclusion
"I attended a zoom meeting on the opposition party and it was scary because it almost sounded like our party " The truth in that It gets you questioning yourself 😮
why tf r u asking americans
You can say that cream make rashes worse in that even if you double the no cream the worse is more then 1.5x as bad meaning (21/75+21)*100=% of better(21 7⁄8)  vs (75/75+21)*100=% of worse(80 20⁄31). Cream make it worse statistically the. If the 75 represents getting better then it gets better. Same if its guns or anything else. This is how statistics works. But you need to the poll info gathered non bias as well for accuracy
So you have a question with one variable. Vs one that has a lot that have to be assumed to have no effect to go pure numeracy. If you've been in that debate before you might bring that with you. Were the people instructed to only deal with the data presented as if it were an LSAT question?
there is a lot of other data to take in to the difference between skin cream and gun control, like the human experience. getting a rash is nowhere near as extreme as getting shot.
This video taught me that I am not human, have no politics, and actually do derive my beliefs from my observations. Weird.
Unfortunately most "statistics" usually start with a conclusion and work from there. Meaning most people have a fairly low level of trust in pretty much any information you bring up
Nah that wasn't intuitive.
show this to "ivy leagues" college students who think they know best because they're "educated". we have news for them...
me reading this title: so you're telling me I can finally take a test where failing would conclude I am a smart person? CLICK
"You can't just take people's guns and say that they're illegal."  Same argument was used for jarts.  This feels like a pretty bad video that could be replaced with 14 and a half minutes of the text "Many don't understand proportions" on screen.
No, the ugly truth is people are just plain stupid
I looked at the first question from the perspective of the rash... The rash improved itself by growing...
This is a good example of how asking the question in a certain way influences the answers you get.  The graphic at the beginning of the video had me thinking the two groups were the same size and the question itself didn't seem to make sense.  When I realized the groups weren't the same size, it clicked. If you said 107 people out of 128 total saw improvement versus 223 out of 298, then people would be more likely to consider the percentages. (74.5% versus 83.6%, by the way.)
Interview 100 people.  Cut the people who don't answer how you want them to out and keep the ones who do.  "People in the street" interviews are extremely easy to manipulate.
what the actual....?!    "...they seemed like my side" and "You cant just take peoples guns away and say they're illegal, yknow? Its kinda like drugs"  and " ...the numbers mean nothing, what kind of rash is it, whats in the cream?"   Some Americans seems to have lost all ability for reasoning and critical thinking... I just pray that the editor found these few out of hundreds and that this is not a "typical" presenting.  .. though this might be a small part of the explanation of how someone that wipes his ass with the Constitution managed to get voted in... again.
gotta reduce the fractions,  1/3rd or 1/5th
To me this looks very simple. It's harder to think straight when pissed off, and politics piss people off. Why? Well, because the Govt has been spending lots of money for decades making sure it pisses you off, so you can't think straight. This is not a theory, we have receipts now.
Crap I'm dumb.
this is a question like; choose 1 out of four creams and apply it and u might get rashes due to 1 bad product among 4 where other 3 is good..u have a 25% chance of getting rashes vs a getting a gun and play russian roulette where u have 25% chances of dying..both have prize awards if u are in 75%..u will definetly choose cream over gun..its just a debate about getting rashes vs dead
We need to go after the people that are purposely pushing propaganda to gain power.
I got the first one right!!
I'm seriously questioning the initial postulate (although I don't know all the data gathered over the years)... a smart person wouldn't not see the porportions issue, I mean is basic to filter a good comparison... I guess is more likely to get it wrong if you're under the Dunning-Kruger effect.
if you could delete the ATC and the NRA at the same time, would we be safer?
when the labels changed to "crime improved" with an arrow up, and "crime worsend" with an arrow down, i found it more confusing and harder to understand, wouldn't it be easier to use "increased" or "decreased"?
politics?! yeah no im skipping this video-
It's wild how climate change is so politicized in North America. Everywhere else, it's just accepted as a fact by all political ideologies. It would be equivalent to one ideology or party believing the earth is flat for political reasons.
Misleading video af. "without cream" more people stayed the same, not improved, not worsened, which means cream works, but has side effects too.
Fisher exact test gives p=0.0574, so the guy at 8:38 is right, from the statistical point of view ("... the playing field seems pretty even").   I would  also say that the cream neither significantly helps nor hurts
Having travelled globally for work quite a bit over the years I discovered that everywhere you go people are essentially the same.  They have the same hopes, fears and dreams.  So many misconceptions about other “tribes” from people who have never left their own village.  But that’s the way the few manipulate the many, and have done since Og and Ug were living in caves and bashing each other with animal jawbones.
This is basically confirmation bias isn’t it? It’s quite interesting to read about cognitive biases and try to recognise these traits in your own behaviour.
I can write well, me no stupid. Proceeds to write like and idiot.
Dude what the hell is this study? ahahah do the study in Europe
The fact is this study is wrong at so many levels. "Then it is just proportions". No it's not. A double sided cream with a medical standard is not the same as crime rate. You can't just apply proportions the same ways for the simple reason that cases are not the same. Plus, for both "studies", the questions are not as precise it should be ! We don't know a lot of parameter that should be taken into count !  "I'm good at math and it was easy", yes you're good at math but you're stupid, because you don't understand,how questions, cases and overall context influence answers in a statistic study :/ Also, people tend to respond according with their beliefs, so when you present them a fake study, they will tend to respond to make their belief right.
If the answer leans towards the persons bias of what they hope the answer is…..then they throw facts and reason to the wind…..I’ve known this since i was in grade school 🤣🤣
Here's the problem in a real-life example. What is a fact? Right now the news is reporting that we ate in a Constitutional crisis because Trump is not listening to the court. However if you see the Trump interview, he said he is listening to the court but will appeal. So for like 20 straight hours across most major media. Constitutional crisis over and over. Until 1 time it was retracted and they changed topics. New topic was Trump spent 400k on armored Tesla cars. For hours it was reported and repeated until 1 time nevermind that was Biden. Next story something bad Trump
I think alot of smart people vote Democrat because they are irrationally wrong
This test only shows that people don't like to think twice about things they've thought about before.
Breaking news: Humans have cognitive dissonance.
Mathematically, here's my analysis of the generic problem we have here:       B      B' A 223 75 A' 107 21  p1=223+75=298, p(B|A)=223/(223+75)~0.748 p2=107+21=128, p(B|A')=107/(107+21)~0.836  Expectation of B|A' based on A' population size equal to p1 is: 0.836 * 298 ~ 249 => 249-223=26 less than expected for A|B .  Expectation of B'|A' based on A' population size equal to p1 is: 0.836 * 298 ~ (1-0.836)* 298 ~ 48 => 75-48=27 more than expected for A|B'.  Overall, the criteria A (apply cream/ ban guns) favours B' (worse rash/ less crime).   HOWEVER, MODEL OPTIONS ARE TOO SIMPLISTIC FOR THE GUN CONTROL CASE!!!
To be fair, that gun question is too simplistic.  Obviously if you just take guns away from known criminals (or those who are too immature/mentally deficient), your crime rate will drop. However, if you only take guns away from your (sensible) law abiding citizens or policemen, your crime rate will EXPLODE.
The smartest answer to the cream question is that the people not using the cream got better NOT because of the proportions but because the control group got a placebo, not the actual medication, 75 people should *not* be reacting (1 in 4 basically) to some chemical or medication meaning that the medication itself was worse than no medication at all.  The people recieving NO medication improved at a better rate, making the medication akin to a skin poison 25% of the time.
Fantastic video, i still cant help but think about how dynamic this study setup is. So many more things to dive into; was the participants asked the same way? Was there any language barriers? Did it depend on their mood on that spicific day? So on and so forth.
I got the question right, does that mean I'm stupid? I'm a math major at an esteemed university so I hope not
I thought overall, this was an interesting video that so many people, including myself, can learn from. But this part (❌️9:28 to 9:58❌️) made me upset to a degree that I couldn't accept as true. Unless I misunderstood, you're basically saying that humans are inclined to make their stubborn and often controversial claims that can cause anger and chaos outside of their community, just so they can feel connected with their small community🤨?. You're saying that the fact that humans rely on communication with other humans is the reason humans don't trust humans outside of their community??😤  You offer some interesting evidence for the other claims you made, but this claim here is so far fetched. To those who actually believe that, if you find yourself at odds with your community or if you get kicked out of a community, it's not the end of the world. You can go look for another community. There's plenty of them out there. There's gotta be some group out there that you can bond with. Let's not get so closed off from outside communities and their opinions making it so we end up forming cults. Because as the one guy at this part 10:00✅️, there are so many similarities between these groups that are very different from each other. We are humans!. Keep communicating!!!
8:15 guy's just saying that intelligence is a virus.. it divides and kills masses
I did it with math ????
The  2 party system has split the nation. How did we allow lawmakers to make the laws they want instead of whats best or what we want?  Lazy , self indulgence & avoiding responsibility  has lead to politicians realizing they can do whatever they wish because nobody  or not enough people are paying attention . If you' ae inattentive, your baby may be taken by wolves. Tribal systems do nothing but fight one another , just look at the middle east. Now look at America . Democrats , Republicans , Liberal , Conservatives, Red, Blue... we are divided. Too many laws have been changed while we weren't looking now we have 2 party, electoral college , lobbying  , and now  T.rump & Musk are undoing whats left of our fair & decent systems , that took since 1774 to craft. All while they erode the trust , & reputation of us as a peoples... Now we are  what we never thought possible . Half the world laughs at us & we deserve the ridicule . I welcome the 2nd. American Revolution , hopefully it will be quick and bloodless.
It's funny 'cause the cream example can be applied to politics and capitalism as well.
It may have been done, or said, already, but I'd like to see something like this done again. But instead    it's more like the 2 door labrynth riddle...One guard always lies, while the other always tells the truth. And see if people know which is which.
Confirmation bias is a hell of a drug...
It is sad because I work with statistics with machine learning, and even for me it's just so hard to sift through the junk and even sometimes my own biases to come up with a true objective mathematically-correct answer to things sometimes.  The political landscape is so divided and emotionally driven and even the people who would otherwise know better will fall into the same pitfalls as laymen because of basic human biases and emotions.
I was here the day this published. Just checked new comments 4 months later to see if I felt a difference. Of course this is purely anecdotal, not data. But amazingly, people continue to not get it.   Derek: "Everyone thinks their politics are right, regardless of the evidence in front of them." Comment after comment after comment: "My politics are totally right!"
One thing I would like to be examined and disseminated more is whether this effect is due to tribal thought, or if it is simply due to distrust.   For example. If I was a dentist and participated in a toothpaste study where I rate the efficacy and personal recommendation of brands, I would likely rate all big consumer brands fairly high. BUT, I know that the reason the study is made is to promote ONE brand with the "9/10 dentists ...", so I deliberately answer the lowest on all other brands beside the one I actually would recomment first in my own practice. When measuring my answer, it shows that I was biased against all other brands. Was this due to tribalism, or because of the understanding of how easily numbers could be manipulated to support the wrong conclusion?   The same can be applied to politically loaded topics. Are the people questioned here pulled towards tribalistic thought, or are they pitting themself against the study since they have the knowledge on how their answers can be used against them, causing their answers to seem irrational when their answers are analyzed outside of this context.  This is important because it could be the case that missinformation and dishonest scientific research practices are the main evil in this situation, and they are fighting against it to promote what they believe is "actually true" using the few tools they have available to them, which is their critical thinking, their voice, and their vote. That is an entirely different problem based on people's rational decision-making process as opposed to unconcious though process with completely different solutions to both.   If I was in that situation, I would also present myself as an open-thinking rational person despite my answers because I am willing to change my mind given credible opposing strong reasoning and evidence, because it is you, your evidence, and how you choose to present me that I do not trust.   But that is just a theory.
Since when people that simply ignore given data considered to be smarter?
The number of people in the control group is 298. 128 for the non-controlled group. This alone makes the results skewed.
The difference is gun control factually reduces homicides and suicides
The data isn't complete though. As that one guy pointed out, there are crimes that don't involve guns.  And the cream doesn't tell you how many people saw zero difference.  I know it's just hypothetical data, but that's important when coming to a conclusion
There are three kinds of people, those who know how to count and those who don't.
"I asked my american friend-" I know where this video is headed sir
Well whoopdidoo, they discovered confirmation bias.  This is not ground-breaking research.
you forgot to analize the leftists, like comunists, anarchists ,etc.. marxism for example is not only an ideology but an economic science based on the material world, numbers and facts...
i got the first one right by using percentages. does this mean im stupid
Title is misleading.  These are not “smarter”’people.  They’re still just dumb sheep, numbers-skill or no.
So I am smart😅
I wonder what the results of this study are in western europe. In the USA there is a strong black and white vision of politics, which isn't present that much in western europe. We have dozens of political parties, so the opinions of people are also widely different from person to person.
3:02 "Yeah, I don't think the numbers mean anything to me" And this is why Americans still use the imperial system and have a huge population of creationists.
THANKYOU FOR THE VIDEO WE ALL ARE VERY VERY GRATEFULL TO YOU 🙏
I try to keep an open mind and not side totally with any group. I enjoy talking to people who challenge my beliefs; i often end up better understanding both sides of a problem in a more empathetic way
In no way am I trying to offend people, but could this effect be influenced by your origins, how you're raised and where you live?   I actually did look at the proportion in stead of the amount and I started to wonder why. In some countries politics are way more present and sides are way more opposed to eachother. As an northern European I always look with wonder how in the US two sides are that much opposed and to what length people are willing to defend their side. Most countries over here are used to getting coalitions, so trying to find common ground together. Not saying this is better, only different.  Besides that, I was raised to think independantly and make up my own mind. My friends and colleagues are a bit more "following the group", but I find myself to speak my mind all the time. That sort of confirms the theory behind this video.
5:00 guns in trumpland 😂 Love this video twist !!!  It's their right to eat burgers, and hot dogs, and be terrible F1 drivers, and to shoot each other.   The veritasium gun question was perfect for that USA audience 😂
We are still cavemen, we just have fancy caves now.
0:57 My thought right here: 75 is a higher percentage to 223 than 21 is to 107, so percent-wise it's better without the cream.
200k likes is concerning
as someone who lives in one of thoes cities we can definetly tell by the skiline lmao errybody knows the arch is stl lmao
I suspect that the academics involved in the creation and analysis of the study and its results are every bit as ideological and partisan— _probably rabidly so_ —than the people who were subjects in the study— yeah, probably more partisan, much more. • Can you picture any of them voting for Trump? No, I suspect that these folks, _including Derek,_ are the anti-Trump insurrection/ end of democracy/ he's Hitler TDS crowd. They always think they're morally superior to the ignorant rubes.
I'd be interested in seeing how the data broke out by ethnicity and by gender. Wonder why he didn't do that?
Thank you so much. This video is amazing and actually helpful.
9:12
There should be no change in onces answer whether the topic becomes political or not. However most people just cant stay objective lmao
Hell nah, that gut at 6:00 just had to being his political opinion into the game xD
1. The control group should be using cream too (not the active ingredient), or at least adding a 3rd group. 2. The number, gender, age (etc.) groups should be equal between groups. 3. We presume many health related facts from any groups. 4. We trust that "better" and "worse" are clearly defined and factually observed with objectivity. 5. We presume equal posology, surface area covered. 6. Studies are difficult to create and apply.
Mathematical reasoning ❌ Political Beliefs ✅
I overcomplicated the task, assuming that the groups of people were even, and the rest of the people who used no creme (~2/3) had no effect on their skin at all
This is quite the case
"you dont choose what you believe"  Matt Dilahunty
9:56 I guess if everyone throughout evolution questioned everything we would have become nihilistic and suicidal before we could die of other causes
extremely easy que
I draw a different conclusion from this finding, not that people should be "more open" to being disproved but that disproving your opponents claims is an *ineffective* way to do politics...   This has been weaponised over the past ten years where globally the populist right has knowingly used false claims to distract those on the left whose instinct it was to disprove falsehoods to correct hateful politics but who have been repeatedly surprised that debunks fail so dramatically at moving the political needle.   What you've called "tribal bias" I would call principles and it's important to fight for those principles themselves instead of appealing to the idea of scientific proof. It's like bringing a calculator to a gun fight. It's a useful tool just not for this task.   I am confident enough in my political positions on an ethical basis that I strongly believe my oponents are actually morally wrong, not that they are dumb, or have bad facts or poor interpretations of research (mostly).   So I am not sure how much it matters that people are relatively unsusceptible to factual "debunkings" of their beliefs, when really it's the ethical and philosophical parts of the debate that are most important.
2008 Occupy Wall St. 2025 Leave Big Pharma alone Same people 2003 Glass parking lot Iraq 2025 End foreign wars Same People 2005 Building walls locks us in 2025 Build that wall Same People Ideologies are cognitive weaknesses. There's a problem, solve it. The further left just happens to do it way more backwards than the further right recognizing what the problem is. MAGA gets it mostly right by discerning truth well.
"chirp"
"...but I don't have that problem"
now do race and iq
Basically the solution presented in this video is to reduce deeply normative issues into technical issues and avoid talking about values or premises thought at all, because this divides people. This is simply a misunderstanding of politics in the first place. Politics is not technical but about just those deeply held convictions that you cannot, at least very easily, reduce to factual evidence (although sometimes this might happen). If you propose that we just take some prevailing value assumptions at face value and then present the reduced technical questions, you are already a vessel of the hegemony and stopped critical thinking. There's some naturalist assumptions in this video that might just not hold without unjustified sacrifices or dangerous subjection to power...
If I get them all right, does that mean I'm not smart? 👀
Guys, I got an A+!!!
Wait, so how do you help solve rising sea levels for the local community without addressing the emission problem worldwide? Is this gonna be another "blame the corporations" rhetoric again?
What in the Jesus Christ fudge is that flashing grey background?!
If you're an adult, then be careful there's jumpscare at 4:19
This is a question of integrity, and loyalists lack integrity
Fascinating video!  But I wish Derek had started with the gun control versions, because I find myself thinking that *I* would have reached the right answers despite having strong opinions about gun control.  Would've been interesting to see if I'm right or wrong about that.
"smarter people"  "I'm just looking at how big numbers are"
I love this channel but, I dunno about this video honestly lol
The problem is not just that being biased is natural. The real problem is that people in power abuse this fact to the extremes to their own benefit
You can solve this problem with percentages. Just take the total number of people using the cream  on one side and the other side the total number of people in the control group. Then compare the percentages of the improved and the worsened category which would show that the control group had proportionally more people getting better than worse.  When you add politics into any situation, you won't get an objective answer unless the person asked actually is aware of all the information pertinent to the situation. A made up study wouldn't give that realistic information hence it's totally useless to ask people about it. Even if there's a logical answer, people always go with their own opinion instead of some study that  'said otherwise'.
I thought I was smart and I did those questions right, now I am having self doubt.
“The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data”. Such a big truth!
I think asking anyone political questions that challenge their beliefs while in public and recording then is going to also affect if they give the answer an actual analytical look. I think if these questions were anonymously conducted the results would be less polluted by their beliefs.
but in the cream question 298 people used cream and 128 didnt. So if you match the results to the same number of people to make it an even test, 55% got worse without cream and 33% got worse with cream. you cant do a control test with less people than the people that are using the product.
Thanks!
In general, can someone explain how propotions is sufficient to answer the question. For example, in the cream example we don't know the number of participants in each group. Another thing if we assume the sample size was the same the data shows that the cream has mixed results. It increased the number of people who got better and increased the number of people who got worse. So what it shows its better with some people and worse with others. Combining them into a single number feels to not capture enough information. Another argument is that suppose the cream increased the number of people who got better by 6 and who got worse by 5. Propotion tells us the cream is worse but another person may look at it and say more people who got better than the increase of people who got worse so the cream actually is better. I think the problem is that what we mean by better is not defined and is open to interpretation and information about the participants of the study group and number with and without cream wasn't provided.
1:40 never have I been more disappointed from getting a question right
The main question should be...is the difference of the rash improvement proportion statistically significant?
People don’t tend to have priors on medical creams, but they do have priors based on partisan beliefs. They should have done the same kind of question for a nonpartisan topic that people have priors on, so we can figure out if people are just guessing based on priors because they don’t want to deal with the numbers.
If rationality exists jst to serve beliefs then the way to be immune is to dip your toe in evry belief. Or none at all.
My thought process: Okay so both cream and no cream ppl had their rash imrove ovr time, obviously.  But we should prolly calculate the increase frm "rash worsend" to "rash improved".  But the title said math doesn't help tho.  Veri: The cream group increased *3 and the no cream group increased *5   Bruh
A major problem that Derek, who I Love, forgot to mention is that statistics can easily be manipulated to suit a narrative.  Many people don't dig or look objectively
I want to encourage all of you to engage with your Trumper coworkers and neighbors. I was shocked to learn we share many beliefs -- for example, I don't believe that women with the benefit of male puberty should be competing in sports with biological females. I also don't believe that "white fragility" is anything more significant than racist propaganda... and I'm a lifelong Democratic voter. The biggest thing I and Trumpers disagree on is that Trump is competent enough to run the country. These first few days of his administration show he has fascist leanings and has no interest in Democracy.
Misleading title. Disappointed.
As an European, it is difficult to understand this prejudice regarding firearms. For us, it is so logical that this is prohibited...And as a Cartesian, it is difficult to understand why proportionality no longer counts when political ideas come into play.
It's just math, you can use a ratio or percentage.
8:23  When the question is about skin cream, most people that answer the question don't have any outside knowledge about what the real answer is. But as soon as the question is on a topic we at least think we know a lot about, then it becomes difficult to divorce reality from the fake study. I think this can be seen earlier at 3:02, where a person wants to know more information about the rashes and skin cream and is unable to answer just about the fake study. Maybe the differences for the political questions could just be explained by the difference between a person's perceived knowledge, the reality of the statistics, and whether the fake study is more like reality or less like reality.  To conclude that really its all about irrational tribal affiliation when people are unable to accept an admittedly fake study as reality is really disingenuous to me. One of the problems with this question is that in political discussions, there are a large number of people citing studies that when you look into it, are actually completely junk, or say the opposite of what they say it does. And even if one study is done well and says one thing, that thing can still be wrong due to the vast majority of other studies disproving it. In political contexts, its often good to be a little less credulous when someone cites a random thing to you.
For some reason my brain thought that the person in the thumbnail was Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange
Should we conclude that when it comes to a loaded subject most Americans are stupid ?
I’m gunna answer the first question here to see if I got it right or not. After doing some math,   the group of people who did use the cream had 78% of people get better    And the group of people who didn’t use the cream had 83.6% of people get better.    The question was, did the skin cream make the rash better or did it make it worse?  Well it made it worse because a smaller percentage of the group who used it got better than in the group that didn’t use the cream.
I got it right so quick..why dude Am I dumb?😭
Bias is a fickle lass
10:40 i love the veritasium song that plays whenever theres a special realization
Super sad that the skin cream question went the way it did in the first 2 minutes like. Your smart and all you did was look at the bigger number with no other thoughts whatsoever. Holy crap. I'm starting to think my IQ has nothing to do with how smart I am.... Then again I think you have a video on exactly that
11:54 "Problems of this sort are likely as old as the human species": No, and you only think this because you're historically illiterate. The remorseless embrace of gun ownership as an *individual* right (rather than, as it had been at the time of the founding, a privilege of militia service) was an invention of the twentieth century, not some problem of the human species from time immemorial.
11:47 Okay how the f are you even measuring "science curiosity" and why isn't *that* a made-up buzz word?
10:50 "Rather than talk about gun control or climate change" Do you not even hear how Orwellian you sound? Do you seriously think the world is going to make progress against climatological disaster by NOT talking about it?? Are you *that* naive? What if we apply this more broadly? Are we going to preserve trans rights by silencing all discussion about transgender people?
14:34 "What I've learned is that people are not as dissimilar as we think" Get off your friggin high horse man, you talked to one group of people who, by land large, think that news about school shooting is "woke" propaganda, and another group of people who think something should be done to stop children from getting shot up. I'm struggling to see the equivalency you draw.
I don't know if it's that gun control advocates believe there will be less crime in terms of ALL POSSIBLE CRIME so much as that the belief is that there will be fewer shooting events. (mass shootings, home shootings, accidental shootings, etc.) And like, sure, yeah, politics affects interpretation of data. But to treat this as some big principled takeaway "oh both reactionaries and liberals are as partisan as each other" seems to really distort the data. If we stick to the United States context, reactionaries are much more likely to believe flatly untrue things about, say, COVID 19, or about transgender people. Or are you going to reduce the pandemic and human rights to mere whims and opinions?
One thing I really enjoy thinking about is the difference between knowledge and mathematical abilities versus intelligence and critical thinking. I believe there’s a certain correlation between having advanced mathematical skills and being polarized on specific topics. This might be because, in mathematics, you don’t rely on critical thinking as much as in other fields like philosophy or ethics. Unlike these areas, where there isn’t always a definitive answer, mathematics often feels more straightforward since many concepts were proven decades or even centuries ago. As a result, engaging in critical thinking might seem less necessary in mathematics, as the focus is typically on applying established truths rather than questioning them. This can lead to a habit of not thinking critically in broader contexts.
@veritasium, your conclusion had a little bait and switch. You went from, "the beliefs of *most* people..." to "that includes me and probably you". Does it really include you? I doubt it. Speaking for myself, I picked my tribe after comparing their adherence to rationality. But I criticise them all the time when they don't live up to expectations. I don't think my approach is vanishingly rare. If I saw the gun data you presented, I suspect my response would be: "this shows gun control increases gun violence - there must be something wrong with the study". Not because of ideological reasoning, but because of familiarity with existing evidence. I'm just not going to be persuaded by a 4-number chart with no methodology and anon authors that runs counter to all the other evidence. To believe that, I'd have to believe that all the other evidence was wrong even though I'd never found the problem. What's more likely? That, or that some random with a flip board and a camera filming my reaction on the street is up to shenanigans? Not ideology - just awareness of the data. That's also why I doubt this study describes you - I've seen too much evidence of you engaging the unexpected to believe that you'd reject solid evidence to sustain a group identity.
THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM IS BROKEN
Math majors be cryin on this
A critical thinker is open-minded, yet skeptical to all new and existing ideas.
9:41 Yeah. Nah. Unless you count animals, then yeah I’m hella social 😂
Just because someone is educated doesn’t necessarily mean they’re intelligent.
I came for the math, I left for the politics.
Great video! One I can actually share without fear of making anyone angry! Thank you for the care you put into this.
Society is awful, being ostracised is wonderful & the only way forward. Have you ever met a person?! Absolutely disgusting creatures.  Xx
dialectical materialists win again!!! can't stop winning!! over and over!!!
How many people questioned the numbers because no references for the study were provided?
Numbers don't lie, but liar's use numbers.   When there is a study about something people care very little about, people don't look to see if their is a magician trying to do a use misdirection to lead them to a certain conclusion. But when people are presented something that is politically charged, something they know thousands of liars have used numbers with in the past, they start looking at the person, not the charts.  For example, if your gave a chart with the number of people by demographic who have been, or have not been arrested, a statistician could say X demographic is more likely to be arrested, and then Y newsperson could misinterpret that to mean X demographic is more likely to commit a crime. People who are familiar with these numbers need to be careful about what conclusions they draw rom them and how the data is collected. For example, there could be more arrest due to over/under policing instead of likelihood to commit a crime.   When presented with an issue that tons of people have made mistakes with in the past, people tend to think more about why the data is saying something, and put less thought into what the data is indicating. The 2nd amendment activist is going to spend more time thinking about why they data is BS and shouldn't be used, and less thinking about the proper way to read the graph. Does that hurt quantitively reasoning, this study shows it does, but there are soooooo many ways to misrepresent data with statistics and data sampling. This study shows also shows that people are way more critical about what goes into the data when it goes against about something that they already believe is true.
Lesson: politics makes people dumb
I really wonder what would happen if someone with the reach and resources of Veritasum would put this much effort into covering some of the modern practical approaches to depolarisation. Like Nonviolent Communication. There are simple solutions, that are not widely known.
Don't you need a placebo group??
"If we question the status quo by rejecting what those around us accept as true, we jeopardize our place in society".  Welcome to Autism.
What's weird, is the idea of a solution for a problem including only the people who really thing it's a problem.... This is the ploy of politics. Acting like its the moral high ground to assume that step one of problem solving (which is correctly identifying the problem) has been done correctly and anyone who disagrees is cut from the eventual solution. Climate change and gun control for example identify the issues as, well; sea level changes and gun presence. Many feel there's way to much else going on to cut out half the population (but still take their taxes and affect their lives) so that you can say "look we're fixing it, how dare you sit there and do nothing."  Sometimes preservation is not acting with minimal understanding
I think this has nothing to do with political views, but is more about whether you think in a Bayesian way or believe more in posterior hypotheses. Or to put it more simply, when there is little data, do you believe in your own experience or this little but possibly objective data (but the data may also have random sampling characteristics).
So, people are afraid to think for themselves for the truth!  Who wants to be isolated? Right!  I guess I missed that, cause I didn’t get it  Now i understand the  “when in ROME, do as the ROMANS do”  Coincidence, the next video is a study on  “WHY YOU ARE NOT HAPPY” This video explains it - People are afraid of the truth because someone might not like what they think! And if you don’t think, you can’t get to the truth!! If It’s not about the truth, how can happiness be real?          !!!QUESTION EVERYTHING!!!
Seeing this video i just realized that i am not smart😢😢😢😢
the second question is a whole lot less cut and clear. and honestly becomes meaningless in a gun control context just due to how complex crime causes are.
i like to think that im above average intelligence, but i gotta admit, the graph being labeled “gun crime increased” and “gun crime worsened” is a little redundant and messing with my ability to think about it rationally. in both cases, it means there was more gun crime.
10:20 what a wonderful quote
Am I the only 1 who thinks the question has incomplete information.
Tribalism is now irrelevant for survival in the modern world. Or rather, it should be. The division manifested by tribalism is harming all Americans. The pandemic and the response to it based on political ideology is all the proof you need that tribalism is literally harmful to everyone, including those who were in favor of social distancing, masks, and eventually vaccines because a virus doesn’t care what your ideology is, it harms equally. Same is true for global warming. We need to get back to truth and trusting science.
I would have never thought about proportions here. Simply because I assumed the control group was as big as the actual group that got the creme. Which means there are people that don't show up, because there simply was no change. So the chances for improvement would be a lot higher, but the risk that the rash gets worse also increases.
Drop Fox, CNN, CNBC and ABC from your watch / read list. This will immediately result in 90% reduction of polarization.
I went for no cream was better due to the percentage of people worsening was better. I'm confused with the title does that mean I'm stupid?
But in your experiment how did you decide on the numeracy score of the people?? Did you rate them by your self .. Just asking..
Top comment under video ignoring the results from the control group to "explain" the results just shows how biased humans are and the replies are agreeing saying, suddenly being asked on the camera made results questionable 😮‍💨
iF i lOOk aT It prAgmATIcAlly lol
Perhaps the brain is taking a short cut to knowledge/beliefs than mentally taxing math.
I also have to say: giving the green light for an experimental cream for a rash that could potentially last for 6 months without treatment. Is VERY different to taking political action during a nation wide decrease or increase in crime.
You're missing a key point: Gathering data from several distinct city arbitrarily depending on the gun laws THEY made. Is not the same as a blind test experiment on carefully (hopefully) crafted groups. So a variation of 3 violent crime in the control group over 100 crimes is not enough to pull a conclusion. that's a P of like .55 it's inconclusive at best.   Altought it's interesting to notice that they are more likely to just accept the data if they are aligned with their believes.
This is really the inverse of saying "you can get stupid people to believe anything". Those people who are better at math aren't rejecting the study because they refuse to change their beliefs, they are refusing because they take more convincing, where stupid people take less convincing.  One wonders how mathematical ability correlates with naivete. In the end the "studies" presented did actually end up being fake, so the smarter people were wiser not to change their opinions after being confronted by false information from a social experiment.
No, smarter people do not do worse. What we see is that the vast majority are innumerate.
They should do this study not in america, lets have a control group of actually well educated people.
In this case, wouldn't some of the solutions be better presentation methods such as:  1) Curate the table. Instead of just showing the numbers and asking people to interpret them using their numeracy, include a caption that says, "In this group, more people ended up better."  2) Use proper graphs/visualization: Instead of showing a grid with four numbers, show two pie charts. A pie with people using cream and a separate pie where people didn't.
I don’t mean to brag, but I got all these wrong
hmm Rash improved and rash worsened... so if your rash improved does that mean the rash increased, you know a better rash? and where is the no change value?  so there were 298 in the used group and 128 in the not used group in the used group just over 25% got worse and in the not used group just under 16.5% got worse.  so the inverse of that would be in the used group 75% got better, and in the not used group 83.5% got better so for the question did the skin cream make it better or did it make it worse, on the whole it made it better 75% of the time. what it doesn't ask is, if it is more effective than not using the cream. which it isn't.
Intuitively, I would've thought dumber people would become more polarised and smarter people less polarised but I guess to be able to choose the right or wrong answer you need to know how to work it out first.
Interesting but honestly kind of obvious. I’ve seen it lots of times where if you’re talking to someone about gun control and the numbers don’t match their preconceived ideas or political biases you can see them just kind of tuning you out. Same goes with immigration. My parents are Republican and if you even mention that the latest media story of an immigrant killing a white woman in Chicago doesn’t represent the whole truth about immigration they just tune out. Their preconceived ideas are that immigration’s a mess, all immigrants are violent or involved with drugs and gangs, and if you show them numbers to the contrary they simply won’t believe you. For them it’s a form of shorthand to just believe whatever their tribe believes. Turns out my parents are also very religious, and they do the same thing when it comes to deciding whether god exists. They just shorthand that and believe whatever their tribe, in this case their church, believes. No thinking takes place, logic, nothing.
Sitting here ready for a trick question, do the math, ok I'm ready. What's the trick? There isn't one! Ah you got me!
??? I saw the numbers and immediately went to do proportions, how is this something people are bad at answering the smarter they are?  Edit: My apologies, I haven't seen the whole video and I believe this test was really interesting.
I’d like to add that it’s important how you frame it. If you said it is a small local study, you could get much better answers.  By default, it is assumed that your study is very well representative and for studies that are representative, the answer is already known. We know crime statistics or at least assume it’s known (or else our political leaders would’ve been lying), therefore the exercise is not to discover the truth, but to assert the correct interpretation. The interviewees might see your interview as yet another way to popularize and promote their interpretation, and if you take this into account, you can no longer count it as a bias. Yes, it’s a bias, but not necessarily an unconscious one.  I’ve written this at 7:12, now I’ll listen for the other half.
As a student who is studying data science, I can say your older videos are just pure gold but some your newer videos have problems (including this one). Maybe you are more focusing on collecting views, rather than actually creating well-researched content.♥
This video changed how I view my own beliefs 👍🏾
Shouldn’t the title of the video say political instead of smarter?  Because the highest “numeracy” scored people still answered the question with a higher score or more “correctly”.  The middle numeracy folks just barely did worse.  It’s amazing how “out the window” the numbers meant with a charged question.  Even though they knew the numbers were made up.
I think it's safe to say that the "intuitive answer" isn't intuitive at all
For the gun one I think the number of gun crimes increase but your cancer to defend against a gun crime increase but the overall risk increases too, I'm Australian btw and here u have to have a gun licence to have a gun and even then you can't just walk around with it
Johnathan Haidt wrote in his books about how people use reasoning, (often stretching it and bending it) to justify their moral beliefs rather than form beliefs based on what they conclude through reasoning. This video is a nice confirmation of that theory.
There's an interesting wrinkle in all this that I think the video kinda skips over- Namely, that there's a *reason* this is how people work, why 'smarter' people might be more willing to reject data that contradicts their worldview. And it's a simple one: With a greater understanding of math, science, etc, comes a greater understanding of the sheer complexity of the world. And with that, comes the understanding that no single set of numbers can ever adequately describe the parameters of a complex real-world issue.  This is something some of the quotes from interviewed people demonstrate even in the skin cream issue really. The woman saying "I'd need to see the actual rash" might be 'wrong' mathematically, but like... She has a point? Maybe the 'bad' cream is great for bad rashes but can cause or prolong minor ones. Maybe it's great in the majority of people but causes an allergic reaction reversing its effects in about 10% of people, easily tested for ahead of time. And on and on, so many more factors always exist, but most people only think about those factors when it's an important enough topic TO focus more on the topic itself than the math question within the topic.  When you're dealing with problems that effect an entire populace, a single study is really no more than a single data point in the big picture of attempting to construct a mental model of human society. And from that perspective... Of course people don't throw out their worldview due to one data point, no matter how clear-cut that data point might be - It's easy, arguably even correct, to throw it out as an outlier. The problem is, that kinda leaves us without a clear path forward to fixing it, people build up their worldviews one data point at a time, but... The world is endlessly spamming us with data points, and it's HARD to distinguish which ones are strong, solid evidence, from the ones that are slapdash or even actively manipulated.
2:48 of course Einstein got it right😂
Are smart people making Democracy worse?  Nope, people that think they are smart and are not, are making democracy worse. Also those who still can't get it through their thick heads that America is NOT, a Democracy, we are a Constitutional Republic. Democracy is 2 Wolves and a Sheep debating what to have for dinner, while a Republic is a well armed sheep contesting the vote!
7:40 i feel this is the wrong idea to get from this.  In a void if you were shown just that stats about guns and there were no more stats them sure. But in reality you can get a different conclusion if you look at different statistics and wager what tou value more.  For example that cream example.  Lets say the rash increases from using the cream but something else that some people consider worse happened to the people that didn't.  So sure you get less of a rash from not using the cream but now you are in an overall worse situation than if you took the cream.
If smart people get things wrong, I must be a f*cking genius.
Video title should be - the less confidence you are, more chances You will get wrong infront of mic
This is not only the dumbest ever created rationality, but also it couldn't be more wrong. The guy said the number of people participating in the two groups of the experiment is equal for both groups. So, all the people from each group had rush. Now, let's consider that the total number of volunteers per group is at least the sum of the people counted per row. That means, at least 298. If you check how many were left in the same condition from the group of the no-cream volunteers, you will see that about 57% have the condition unchanged, while about 36% got their rush improved and the rest (7%) got worse. On the other hand, for those who decided to use the cream, the unaffected population is 0%, 75% showed condition improvement and 25% showed condition deterioration. If we would have the total number of participants per group, we could draw some conclusions. But, from the given numbers, one can draw the following conclusion: if you don't use the cream, the odds for your condition to get worse is 1 in 14, while if you use the cream, the odds for your condition to get worse is 1 in 4. Yet, if you look at the bright side, you can see that the odds to get better are 3 in 4 if you use the cream and only 1 in 3, if you don't use it. This is the correct interpretation. The part with how many times one is bigger than the other depends on the statistic relevance (which is much lower in the case of no-cream, meaning, 63% relevance vs 100% relevance in case if using the cream). Just being ignorant on statistics theory does not make you smarter, it makes you propagate false conclusions.
Numeracy is not Scientic literacy
This first question is loaded. I obviously saw the ratio right away but why wouldn’t they have just done the experiment on the same amount of people?
To be fair, if guns are illegal, it will decrease gun violence automatically. Do you see a lot of civilian on civilian drone strikes assassinations? No, because it’s illegal to have your drone fly with a weapon and shoot around. It’s a dumb question to ask. It’s like saying “if nobody had a car, there would be no car accidents”. Yeah…duuh. I guess it can be political, but first and foremost it is a correct logical deduction. It’s not that difficult to understand.
This is why I have no friends. I don't fit in with any group.
Watch for current witch Hunt in my community. So sad.
People going to rallies in the 2020s are not intelligent in any manner. It doesn't take a genius to realize we no longer have communal support so tribalism is worthless and deceptive.
Why are they engaging on a theoretical study when all it is is math 😂
okok, 9 minutes 35 seconds in here. so what you're saying is; if you convince me something is true, i'll believe it😂😂😂
correlation ≠ causation. even when there is causation, it may work in the opposite direction as expected. either way, there are tons of extraneous variables not being considered here.  idk if they knew what they were talking about or just BSing it, but the explanation at 3:06 was the right idea.
wow
Politics new interest of veritasium🎉
0:56 gonna pause it here and just list my reasoning/thought process I would say I have to compare the ratios of rash worsened to rash improved, but the comparison would be incorrect if the ratio sizes (no.of ppl in control group and no.of ppl in experimental group) weren't the same  So I add [223 and 75] and [107 and 21] which is [298] and [128],  then I divide 298/128 and multiply all the values of the group with the lower ratio by the quotient of division to get [249.1 and 48.89] and now we have equal sizes.  And now I could confidently say just by looking at it that the control group had their rashes improved and they worsened less. So, control group wins!
Great stuff, but worth mentioning that the motivated numeracy effect has also often failed to replicate, and can only reliably be found in very large samples. It also seems that it's hard to get the effect with European participants, so it's unclear whether this phenomenon exists outside of more polarized US politics.
The gun thing, if therer are more illegal things, then there will be more crome, by definition.
Bruh ez problem
Or maybe people with high numeracy realize that crime is a multi-faceted issue with wide-ranging factors and not as simple as using skin cream. 🤷‍♀️
Of course it's 2 times if you roll a coin around another the same diameter.1cm coin around a two cm coin 3 times 1cm coin 4 times.Four  around 3 cm coin.Full circle around the circumference 🤙.
Were the original participants shown a graphic that suggested the treatment/control groups were the same size? My first interpretation was that the treatment makes more people better and more worse, while control is more often doing nothing.
Guys, you all fell into a trap, if you answered these correct it means your dumb, and if you didn’t know the answer you are also dumb. 😂😂🎉🎉
One star machine is better than the two star machine🌞
1:39 I'm mostly concerned by the fact that so many people got better skin when they stopped using their regular product 😅
It would´ve been more interesting to see how many people remained objective, because this plays with peoples experience and their emotional attachment towards it. And that experience, especially on that topic, can not stand in any relation towards being dumb or smart.  Or do you think mothers who had their children raped will plead for anything but a death sentence towards the perpetrator - if not, it would be if he suffered even more by being kept alive. And that kind of impact is what guns most certainly had onto many many people participating.  So, to me, this is bogus.
excellent.
Crime rates are fictitious.  Local PD's in high crime precincts don't report and beyond that, victims universally under report.  Anyone who thinks otherwise is welcome to take a walking tour at 2 AM in a subset of deep red and blue precincts selected randomly.   Funny how quickly people smarten up when reality is mixed in with the pointy heads' genius.
So that explains why I'm not influenced,  because I hate all humans except a very select group... all the other humans suck
Man those people whos maths is influenced by their beliefs are dumb
Confirms the theory that 110 IQ is the worst IQ to have.
I like this channel for it's value but I am more often than not irritated by either the misleading or simply overwhelming presentation. I find myself either giving too much thought on something that turns out to be as simple as basic proportions or I am left feeling stupid because I am not a scientist and dont have the time to understand a truly complex problem being compressed in a 20 min video. Maybe I just dont have big brain
Or you can actually go along with the data and dislike every 'side' or 'tribe'.
Um.... I've never heard a more sophomoric study ever.  Let's focus on the "gun control" model.  Gun control laws increase crime as people with guns, regardless of whether they commit  other criminal acts (robbery, murder, etc) are automatically criminals.  Further, were I to see those fake statistics, they wouldn't make sense... For example, there is no correlation between crimes and concealed carry, legal or otherwise.  Making concealed carry illegal does not stop a criminal from concealed carry prior to or following committing a crime.  And many people that concealed carry illegally don't commit crimes other than illegally carrying concealed; eg the woman with a gun in her purse in New York.
I genuinely have never encountered good data that conflicted with my beliefs and then not altered my opinion. To be frank, I don't think I have a purely extreme or simple opinion on anything. And I feel like I kind of make everyone mad as a result. I'm not a centrist by any means... I lean left on most things. But I can never summarize my opinion on anything in one sentence. There's always nuance. And I think that's what is lost too much in today's world. When you go to university to learn about something, it is completely different from learning about it on your own, because they teach you every angle and theory, all the history, and all the applications. And that's why people educated people are considered experts on something. It's not that they know more than you. It's that they have more context than you. I spent my entire life studying entomology for fun. Then I discover one single university YT Channel that has entomology lectures, and I immediately realize how much I don't know. Just because I own a whole book on army ants doesn't mean I know a single thing about rove beetles. Just because I can name every genus of mantis doesn't mean I know anything about the reproduction of thrips. And the thing is, this applies to everything. When good, solid data is produced on anything by truly educated people, you should believe it. You have to be able to verify that the data is good, but if you can, it should be believed. Even if it conflicts with your worldview. Because that means your worldview is too narrow. I was raised in a household where everyone was a Democrat and then was sent to a student seminar from an organization that worshipped Ayn Rand. I walked out of there realizing that the truth was probably somewhere between what these people were preaching and what my parents believed, because both seemed to have good ideas. And that's the thing. Good data, good ideas, they can come from anywhere. You have to open your mind to all the possibilities, and find the middle ground that makes all the data make sense. Education naturally helps with this because they show you all the possible extremes in something that have ever existed, and then you find the midpoint of all the data yourself. So I guess what I am saying is... always try to broaden your mind. You get closer and closer to the real answer the more that you broadly discover. And that's why you need a bachelor's before you get a PhD.
Crazy that “climate change” and “not killing children in school with guns” are politicized. Very sad half the US are selfish and stupid
4:34 veritasium in Spanish have this chart with a Quite a serious translation error, it's written " cream make rash better" On the four lines
Comparing the number of cities is very different from comparing the number of test subjects in a medical study. In a properly randomised medical study, differences between participants usually don’t matter much. But comparing cities where crime rates decreased to those where they increased—like New York with 8.8 million people versus Santa Fe with 88,000—doesn’t make much sense. The second "study" was poorly designed, which might explain the paradoxical results.
There is a good Russian proverb, "Дурака учить - только портить", which could be translated as "teaching a fool only makes him worse". With some effort, you can teach stupid person numeracy to some extent, but you cannot teach him critical reasoning and to be conscious of his own biases. So he will just weaponize his numeracy to defend his misconceptions and reinforce them and persuade others using false arguments.
Conclusion: numeracy is not an accurate metric for measuring intellect. People who willingly join any political party and hold dogmatic political beliefs are OBJECTIVELY stupid. Doesn't matter how good you are at numerical reasoning if you never had any real reasoning to begin with
LMAO. Does 11:46 show that Republicans who can calculate are science-ignorant? 😁 And Republicans who have a science interest can't calculate?😆🤣  Would merit another video response, Derek!
scary
This isn’t identifying flawed ideological thinking. This is recognizing good facts v bad information. The right of open minded. The left is closed minded. This is born out in what they believe and what it takes to change their minds. Younger people are more liberal because they are ignorant and lack a moral compass Older people become more conservative because they learn right from wrong rather than just believing and doing what they’re told. Everyone wants to believe they are smart even when they’re stupid just like they want to believe they’re good drivers when they are not. It’s more about ego than facts.
Tge cream has an accuracy of 50.XY so it works partially
11:45 This slide is so telling and extremely amusing to me. The first graph exploits the fact that many simply use science to support their own beliefs! The closer they are to an "expert" the more polarizing it is. This should not be the case if science is such an unbiased, proven and tested methodology. 😂 The curiosity scale exhibits results that are closer to what true science should produce.
I'm smart and got it right. Really wasn't that hard of a question. I don't see how being smarter makes you worse at math when it was so simple?
anti spiral
The study is useless. Obviously people will put very little thought into the cream example. When you show them numbers that contradict their strongly held beliefs they are going to doubt the numbers.
They don’t do wore, they are just biased, misleading scientific video titles are uncivilized
There are only 330 people on the 1,111 people page. Unacceptable. Though I do appreciate that some of the people appear to have blemishes, so as to diversify them. Tasteful.
Sooo... did they control for the possibility of demand characteristics? Not my field, or I'd check for myself.
I have a degree in physics, and I think this might be showing an underlying trend: people that are considered highly "rational" (in terms logical and mathematical thinking) like scientists, tend to have less emotional inteligence. Don't quote me on this, I haven't done my research, I'm just speaking off of the stereotype of the highly intelligent but socially inept person. So, given that they have less emotional intelligence, they might actually be more adamant to hearing information that contradicts their opinions or beliefs that they're invested on (like political stances).  Therefore, this shows that it might be just as important to be emotionally educated as it is to be scientifically educated when developing critical thinking and decision-taking skills.
Lady at 3:03 low-key p1sses me off. That's a non answer, just say you don't want to participate. The only way I think she's in the right is if verit didn't specify what this was for which is another issue. I wouldn't want to blindly agree to a Pharmaceutical assessment without more info either, which means 1. She interpreted and gave a BS copout or 2. Verit and his team were not at least semi transparent in their proposal to ask questions
Ah, so when you say "smart people"  you meant "people who didn't read the data and think about the question at all"
I like the teaching of science on this channel, leave politics and psychology off of it. Great show by the way
10:45 but if we do this how would the popular media get people to watch their channels?
My first thought was to look at sample size then compare the percentage and draw a conclusion. And that was right, but the more you explained it the less confident I was in my original conclusion. Eventual think I had it wrong, and maybe I am dumber than I thought, only to find out later I did have it right.  Ultimately I realized you completely failed to explain what the right conclusion was.  And on the politicized question (also applies to religious bias),  if you can't think independently of your ideology, you will end up wrong repeatedly (hence the mess that is our country). But what is most shocking is the missing third conclusion. If they knew their data they would have known that your data was faulty, and maybe even accused you of a bias. What is most telling is the people, in both parties, just follow what they are told blindly. Further why do people just accept that there is only 2 solutions. Or what if the problem and solution have absolutely noting to do with guns (in this example). That is so horrifying it brings even a rational person the shake with utter terror. What if our way of collecting and summarizing data is faulty? That means the data is always wrong and always right?!?
This is why it is so hard to make people vote for the right party. The mainstream media poisoned minds so much that people have problems to understand that what they think to be true is massively influenced by what others WANT them to think what is true.
Getting rid of buzzwords that reinforce political beliefs would be great, but it benefits politicians too much to use "pro life" and "pro choice" more than using things like "pro or anti abortion rights." It hurts Society, but it benefits the parties, so it is going nowhere.
The title of the video is misleading, which I love.  Smarter people relating to numeracy alone got it right in both instances.  It's folks that didn't apply the same numeracy intellect to both instances that appeared to change.  Meaning, folks that allowed emotion to override their numeracy with the political question no longer were the smart ones, because the mostly ignored the numeracy.  Hence, the "smarter" people were the ones that applied only the numeracy to both presentations, because emotion isn't a measurable "smart" characteristic in this type of experiment.  This was truly a fun video.
You’re like the new age v-sauce
This isn't science, this is sociology. Like all sociology this study is fundamentally flawed. You expect people to just openly trust the information you're presenting them with no sources or citations. People with high numeracy, or just a lot of knowledge to start off with are going to have a lot of conflicting information in their head, stuff that actually maybe peer reviewed so they're trying to rationalize what you're showing them with the mountains of information they already have on the subject, while also being polite, while also trying to get on with their day and not get into minutia of law and social issues. The biggest flaw in this study is thinking people are walking out of a vacuum.   Using skin cream first is a red herring of sorts. People don't know anything about that specific skin cream in the study, so they won't have previously existing information on it, they can't they don't know what's in it.  With guns, besides the bias you point out people also have lots and lots of information. False parallel.
Wait.... If you make guns illegal crime automatically goes up because everyone's guns are illegal now and when they're found it's a crime.  Same is true for any new law, it will increase crime just by virtue of existing. Why did no one say this in the quiz?
"things are only true because they're useful"  can be a genuine philosophical point or a justification depending on what is useful to you
The title was just genius! 🤭😁
Welp, you pushed “legit bait” a little too far here. Thumbs down. Viewer drop off. To be an expert you need immediate feedback in a valid environment. You’re welcome.
The gun control issue is about more than crime data. Freedom and self-defense, among other factors, are also at play. These are difficult to debate, in part because they don't lend themselves to quantification. When the issue is informally presented on the street simply in terms of crime data, I think people naturally tend to respond in those terms. Few who consciously see it in broader terms will make a scene challenging the presentation and refusing to answer. More likely they'll unconsciously try to fit the more complex portions of their view to the terms of the question. You may very well judge their responses as "smarter people doing worse", but I think that's a mistake.
I was wondering where the "no change" category was! It didn't feel like complete data otherwise, so insufficient to make a determination
Who knows...maybe this inherent ideological gridlock is what has kept us from going extinct. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise.
Skeptical about the study. People in life don't care about the politics of some made up fictional skin cream so go with the maths. In the other example the scientists know that the data for anthropomorphic climate change is overwhelming and so are more likely to say screw this fictional study that doesn't fit with reality and refuse to state lies even for some make believe study. If they did the same for homeopathy and presented data that it's better for headaches than paracetamol. Mathematicians and scientists would've just disregarded the fictional data and went with the facts. Whereas if they went with drug A and drug B they would've come up with the correct answer. This is more about disregarding a small sample size in regards to overwhelming historical data going on in the minds of the more numerate in my opinion. Set in the context of an exam scientists/more numerate would roll their eyes and put down whatever crazy thing is required by the answer to the question. For example some data showing sacrificing people is great for acne. Set in the context of someone on the street trying to say that's true using ad hoc data you ignore the data and focus on the politics instead, refusing to state it's true. In the context of an exam you roll your eyes think the examiners were on ketamin whilst writing/thinking of the questions and put the answer they want.
"on these questions, smart people do worse"  "okay actually what we mean is people with worse math skills have a harder time understanding numbers"  "okay but this actually has nothing to do with intelligence anyway, it's about politics"  okay bro
What an incredibly clickbaity title to the video while it was not at all about intelligence.. disappointing
It's not ok that the test group and the control group are different amount of people.
oof, imo the part where the study goes wrong is where something value based is compared to logic. Well, except if the point was to show that when it comes to values questions a person's values trump logic/reasoning. For some things values can be taken out of the equation (e.g. the example where they remove climate change as a topic and just focus on mitigating the observable effects; though that is usually reactionary. The bad thing, the proof, first has to happen before you can ignore the cause when dealing with it.)
My conclusion: Don't even bother looking at facts - even alternative facts. Facts are simply superfluous. This may seem terrible at first glance. But it also underpins the value of rules that do not require rational justification, such as in religions. How can that be? Quite simply: facts and their evaluation can ultimately be incomplete and unfavorable for a society. Because, for example, not enough facts are known. CFCs in refrigerators have saved many lives and given us a better life. But they also kill us, as we only found out much later. The stupidity of life itself is ingenious: mutations change behavior without purpose or value. And only selection determines which change is beneficial. The problem is that changes take a very long time. That is why we humans - unlike animals - have developed rules that are not anchored in our genes. It is arrogant to assume that we know all the implications of these rules. Although I don't want that, it reconciles me a little with unscientific rules, which I think are currently on the rise again.
I think this tests result only speak for us citizens, ask the same in european countries and they will give u better answers
Cheers to those that can change their kind when presented with new information, some people can be tribal and analytical at the same time
Polarization bends reality and facts, messes with our ability to discern
The government creates the buzz word so they can keep  us divided if we were to unite under God the way this country was originally the government would lose all power because we would over thrown them as is on constitutional right, but a divided nation is too weak there fore the government keeps their power
The status quo can take a flying leap off a cliff. My God created me with a brain to think for myself and if i stand alone than fine with me
Everyone fighting for gun control are brain washed fools. Kentucky has some of the most people carrying guns and it helped crime because you not going to take the chance of you got 60 plus percent chance that dude has a gun. I have seen more people saved from others having guns. What you all brain washed people dont get is that ALL school and major shootings in the USA, the shooters had GOVERNMENT appointed Psych doctors, these that could easily use hypnosis and get what they want, Government has been using mass shootings to get what they want since 1999 when the largest school shooting took place in Columbine, they couldve stopped and didnt, they realized they could manipulate it and therefore manipulate the people. Gun Laws only work if the people follow it CRIMINALS do NOT follow LAWS
This study only shows the importance of clearly displaying your data. It just tests whether people passed there statistics class because that’s the only place data would be so poorly represented.
I would pick the second one on the first question
Nice but very naïve and priviledged point of view.
I did take a second to look at the numbers in the skin cream, adding the totals and then it's pretty obvious that a quarter getting a negative reaction to the cream is worse than about 1/6th of them.  Very silly I think to just assume the larger number is a posivite etc
I’ve never thought about the proportionality of the number shown so from now on when I look at data, I am going to really put that numeracy to work😮 numbers can lie, but you have to look through them
I don't subscribe to a "tribe" and I am not very social.  Surprisingly, this seems to help my numeration abilities to come to correct conclusions. I admit that I am probably in a small minority of people, however.
"day-tuh"
I think the conclusions are all wrong. You can prove alomost anything by numbers. Just using the "right" question and selection. So more intelligent people just might way in other aspects not in the questions itself and question what it actually says in context with other things you already know. Like icecream kills... on sunnydays more ice cream is sold and more people go swimming and drown. So if we remove the wheather and cause of death from the equation it basically says icecream kills becaus more sold on a day then more people die. Sometimes you do need more data...
This study is stupid. You show up with a camera and for all they know this will get shown on the news where prima fasca they are shown supporting something they don't. Of course they are not just gonna say, "well according to the data on this card im wrong about everything. How about that!"
This seems like nothing more than Confirmation Bias.  A well documented behavior.
Ah yes, politics once again ruining everything. Truly shocking, I know.
Not big on the "both sides are pretty much the same" messaging in this video.  Because on the left, higher numeracy correlates with more empirically-aligned beliefs (i.e. believing what is true), while on the right, higher numeracy correlates with more false beliefs.  Very important difference there.
It should be noted that some people are inherently not going to be able to disseminate data correctly deoending on how complex it is.
Tuank you for demonstrating that politics is used as a way to control people!! Both left and right, most are an NPC who just toe the party line and refuse to think critically.
I think that the viewers of this video ...or seemingly the commenters I've seen(obviously the highest rated ones anyway 😊) so far are of the more intellectually curious variety.  So yeah, I want to belong to THIS tribe.  I think,  maybe mistakenly, that most have a corresponding similar politically leaning.  But  yeah...I could be wrong. I have actually met a few smart right winger people.  Ouch...sorry.  my bad.
I need to go ahead and get Ground News.  I hope they can maintain neutrality.  I will give it a shot. I've been thinking about all this a lot lately.  I will have to pry myself away from YouTube Premium for a spell.
I am relieved that this indeed confirmed my bias. Because I ask myself all the time  is it me that is getting duped?  Where I feel so many people don't seem to care if they are being lied to repeatedly.  I see when my news sources go a bit overboard and vocalized it every time that I notice it.  Surely I am misinformed some of the time.  The tribal comments are interesting.  To me it is distressing that the "Christian tribe," has gotten away from the actual teachings of its namesake.  Where as the policies of the left more closely align with what he actually taught. Think more helping your neighbor than fire and brimstone for the "least among us."  Some people don't care that this gay man tries to treat all of our cousins with respect and kindness. Yeah.  I had to go there.  I want us all to see things more clearly.  When you die you are alone, your tribe can't help you then. Never let anyone coax you into mistreating other groups of people.
Okay, this isn’t about the overall point but in the presentation of the swapped skin cream data, at 3:41 into the video the screen graphic shows 223 subjects with worsened rash vs 75 improved after using skin cream and you stating that this shows the skin cream — working??  Heck, doing nothing isn’t much better 107 out of 128 people doing nothing are worse!!  It’s a dermatological outbreak!  Seriously, please fix the graphics.  Thanks.
Okay, this isn’t about the overall point but in the presentation of the swapped skin cream data, at 3:41 into the video the screen graphic shows 223 subjects with worsened rash vs 75 improved after using skin cream and you stating that this shows the skin cream — working??  Heck, doing nothing isn’t much better 107 out of 128 people doing nothing are worse!!  It’s a dermatological outbreak!  Seriously, please fix the graphics.  Thanks.
0:48 I’m pausing the video here. It’s odd that the control group is so small. And it seems to me that the rash is very likely to go away on its own if the control group improved at that high a percentage (107 improved and only 21 got worse). So I’m already leaning toward the cream not making the rash better.  If we double the control group numbers to (nearly) equalize them with the test group, only 42 people’s rash would worsen compared to 75 of the test group. So without doing any precise math, I would assume the cream does nothing as those numbers aren’t different enough to predict that the cream makes the rash worse. And we have to account for small variations in numbers as no two groups will be exactly the same in outcomes.   So putting all of this together (without precise math), I predict the rash cream is either a placebo or simply ineffective.   With precise math, 75/298 is 25.16% of the test group getting worse. 21/128 is 21.09% of the control group getting worse. Only a 4 percent difference. I don’t think that’s enough to conclude the cream makes the rash worse. And I see no evidence the cream makes the rash better.  So the math seems to back up my initial prediction that the cream does nothing.
I feel like you should have led with the political question, and given us a chance to test ourselves on the same issue.
You can be a professional, but you can also be a professional idiot.
Mob mentality doesn't end well.
It makes sense though, when you are asked about skin cream you take for granted that each group was methodically isolated from external factors, so the logical conclusion is that any significant changes were due to the cream. On the other hand, pretty much all politically charged issues have a lot of factors at play since they are all social issues to a degree, hence the smarter people will try to analyze it from different angles
Invalid test. They are in fact perceived as different questions. The lack of context was used to trick them. Were they told “these are not factual numbers, it’s just a statistical example, a maths puzzle” ?. So that they didn’t feel like they were being tricked into taking a stance on camera ( and risk being editted ) on the second subject disproportionately more serious than the first.
I've always wondered since I started watching Veritasium whether he is a Democrat or a Republican.
The problem is that it doesn't take into account the factors for the cream like the correct diagnosis and the pharmacology of the cream
i completely ignored the control group because  its numbers are irrelevant. it's in the question "Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse." So if users aren't using the skin cream, that has no impact on whether or not the cream work on those who used the cream.
damn, this guy is hot.
6:33 What do you mean by “answer correctly”?
I don't fully agree with this, while the study shows that political beliefs influence how people interpret data, it may have mischaracterize the nature of this influence. What appears to be worse performance might actually represent a more nuanced approach to data analysis - one that considers broader contextual factors beyond raw numbers.  This is very similar with the survivor bias phenomenon in military helmet statistics, what seems like poor numerical reasoning might instead reflect an understanding that numbers alone don't tell the complete story. The real reason isn't that political beliefs impair reasoning, but rather that they affect which contextual factors we consider relevant when interpreting data.
It's as I've always said, people will believe what they want to believe. It's the sad reality of people.
The thumbnail was a bit misleading. I didn’t think it was going to go to a political route.
5:44 You got it backwards. On the left, gun control increased crime. On the right, gun control decreased crime.
Ground news is LEFT!  Don't fall for it.
Well I'm a statistician so I was "spoiler alerted" in the 1st 60 seconds! 😁
Most Replayed Points: 0:43. I didn't read the numbers and now I'm lost. 3:41. I didn't read the numbers and now I'm lost. 8:43. BOOBS! 11:50. I didn't read the numbers and now I'm lost.
You’ve proven that brainwashing works.
So lets ignore the fact that left leaning more science educated people still scored higher even with a political bias. So we need more rational thinkers still until it dilutes the bias thinking.
This study is completely flawed when you conclude that, in the case of the gun laws, Conservatives KNOW the right answer and can probably cite statistics where Liberals BELIEVE they know the right answer based on feelings and propaganda. For example, everyone knows that the most violent places in America are the places with the strongest gun laws.
Bruh.. no, the video is totally off it's mark. Smarter people WILL get these right.
Data would not necessarily cause me to change a belief. Hypnotically, let’s say tomorrow all guns (or cars) are removed from the US and overall deaths are down. I’d still oppose the removal of guns. Every right has consequences (positive and negative). Do you think outlawing hurting someone’s feelings with words is a good idea? Perhaps fewer people would have hurt feelings, but the consequences of this would be catastrophic. The problem is a lot of people rely on feelings to come to conclusions instead of deep thought, reasoning, and debating.
Long winded way of saying bias exists
Really liked the video. I think a big reason that people, here in the U.S. at least, refuse to go against their held beliefs is because of what our political climate looks like. Our politicians and media outlets cannot simply allow the people to "disagree" or "have different political views". They have to sell us on demonizing the other side, they have to convince us that if someone has a different view, they are inherently evil, because it's easy to convince people to just not engage in civil conversation with other people if you've already sold them the belief that the "opposing" side is evil or stupid. And once we ALL actually start talking to each other, discussing our views with an honest and genuine desire to determine right and wrong and not just feed what we already believe, the politicians and media outlets know we're gonna figure out they've never been on our side, and we'll send them packing. This isn't aimed at either political side, this is aimed at US... the people, the ones who have the power. Both sides are equally guilty of this, and it's literally tearing our country apart.
Bro really called us sheep 🐑 😭
10:59 - that won't help, where do you think the "buzz words" came from in the first place? They started out as neutral terms right up until they met people who needed to object to them for reasons. Better education, especially in critical thinking, would be a much more effective option.
9:23 - that's an opinion. You haven't actually presented any evidence to support it, especially on the liberal democrat side of the fence. It's a valid hypothesis, but how you have to test it: what does it predict should happen, and more importantly what does it predict shouldn't happen. Then go and get the data to put hose predictions against reality and see what happens.
8:08 - no, these graphs do *_not_* show that polarisation is *_conditional_* on numeracy, they show a correlation between polarisation and numeracy - both might be conditional on any number of things, from educational level to diet to economic status.
7:55 - please test the null hypothesis that these "trends" reflect the proposition that conservative republicans evaluate this issue entirely on the basis of preconceived ideas  and wilfully ignore any and all data on the topic whereas liberal democrats take the data into account.   Also make it clear that these trends do not indicate cause and effect: you can't tell from this graph if a reduction in perceived risk occurs because people are liberal democrats - as implied in the presentation - or the respondents are liberal democrats because they see these kinds of risks in this way. Either is possible: correlation is not causation.
7:49 - wow, this study discovers confirmation bias. But the results are not being presented fairly: idiots don't do much worse when their ideology is threatened because they are already doing badly. Smart people do worse because they aren't actually that smart - being numerate is not the same as being able to think critically. This experiment would have been more revealing had the first set of tests been designed to rank critical thinking ability rather than numeracy.
I stopped the video at 1:19 I dont use skin cream, so i couldnt care less. Find someone else on the street.
4:05 - again., no, in the second example, below a numeracy score of about 5, people were giving answers that weren't significantly different from guessing (there are only two possible answers, so guessing should deliver a 50% correct score). This is to be expected if people look at those numbers and column labels and think "I have no idea what any of this means".
1:29 - no, that isn't the intuitive answer, it's at best the rushed answer and at worst the stupid answer.
I’d like to see the results for when it’s presented in support of gun control, etc.  Seems a bit biased to only show intelligent conservatives as being wrong, and merely mention in passing that the same is true of democrats. Also, “wrong” in this case appears to mean “inconclusive”, as there were no given examples where the conservative actually said the study showed the opposite, merely that they would need more information or gave reasons why the study may be faulty.
There could be a problem of statistical significance since the republicans with above average numeracy are extremely rare
Rationality, critical thinking, and media literacy. People simply lack them all. It's the biggest reason I hate politics. People vote like they are playing lottery on a Sunday night with beer in their hands😂
Well I guess I'm stupid 😂
"Smarter" people
I think the only hole in the data question of "insert topic here" is the actual truth. For example, my favorite color is green. That is true regardless of tribe. If one tribe is correct and the other is incorrect, then this affects the effectiveness of the study. I'm in the camp of people thay believes gun control does little to nothing to deter violent crime. If this is true then all the people who say and agreed with the data showing gun control doesn't work would be justified.   So does having a data set that displays the truth (or a counter to the truth) affect the outcome of this type of study?
The skin cream version and the gun control version are not remotely similar though. Crime comes in more forms than skin creams do. Crime decreasing or increasing MAY be completely independent from gun laws. Did gun violence increase or decrease should be the real question. Asking if "crime got worse or better" is irrelevant to gun control. Which crimes worsened? If burglaries became more prevalent in state with strict gun control, did the gun control make it worse or better? Probably worse. But what if the crime that worsened was shoplifting or physical assault? The gun control technically worsened these crimes but the lack of guns lead to less use of guns and resulted in less deaths. Crime can worsen and improve completely unrelated to gun control. Rashes can ONLY improve or worsen from treating or not treating. Crime isn't really a good comparison
This video is pretty much stupid as most of decision/resoning psychology. Like, it doesn't apply to the actual experience of people or their actual environment; but it surely is a nice instrument for people in power to build up guided environments (even media environments) in order to have statistically relevant tweaks that guide people toward the desired outcome.  This kind of psychology doesn't say anything true about how we think and where we live; but they help capitalists and politicians build better cognitive traps to profit from our biases, confusing and ambiguous language and so forth.
Watching this as an Australian feels so alien. Seeing how the US treats its political parties like sports teams; wearing the merch, going to rallies and marches, revering politicians like celebrities and holding extreme views on either side of the spectrum even if it contradicts data and science is both hilarious and disturbing. A guy I used to work with who moved to the US told me how people would start conversations with him by asking him what party he votes for and what his political beliefs are. Here in Australia that just doesn't happen, so it was a big culture shock to him.
You're maths videos are so good plz we want more
If else thinking, you are providing a boolean answer for a complex question and complex questions have complex answers. Its just simple research bias to even ask these questions.
My conclusion from this study is, those on the right like hats, while folk on the left prefer to hold up signs.
Skin cream is supposed to improve skin not rash. If it improves rash its helping the rash not the skin. Skin improved not rash improved. Either skin is improved which means rash is flawing or weakening or rash is spreading which means rash is improving.
:9
It would probably help if people realized data is only partially relevant. After all banning all vehicles would reduce deaths from car wrecks, but that doesn't make it a good idea.
You're making a HUGE leap in logic to claim that just because people can't read a vague pictorial representation they're unlikely to be able to think logically. Frankly, I find your tone off-putting. There's nothing political about the concept of "climate change." It's a literal description of what's happening, and it doesn't say it's caused by humans. It's true that people will generally say they believe what others around them believe just to fit in, but human psychology is way more complex than that. If that were true, then the political polarization we're witnessing now would have happened 50 years or longer ago. Why didn't it? What changed? The answer lies with the Internet an social media. People aren't more easily brainwashed than they used to be; there are simply more opportunities than there have ever been to be brainwashed.
I usually like your videos, but I'm sorry  in this one, you were just yapping.   disappointing video
Honestly not nearly enough of a pool of people would be my thought
I'm gonna be pausing this video to answer these questions and explain my reasoning. I wanna see how my results differ from those of the average person.  For the skin cream question, a total of about 300 people used the skin cream and about 130 did not. 75 out of 300 is one fourth. 20 out of 130 is in between one fifth and one sixth. So a higher ratio of people who did not use the skin cream had their rashes improve. The skin cream users have a larger sample size, which makes things appear different than they are.  Ok, since we're getting to politics, I would like to mention that I'm far left.  Ok, I'm not sure if I can fairly tackle the problem with gun control presented in this video since it's the same math as with the skin cream and...well, I already solved that math...I typically don't let politics alter my views, but I think I still have more difficulty with the gun control problem simply because the consequences are bigger. Rashes typically eventually go away. If someone is killed, be it by a gun or through some other method, they're not coming back. The study on skin cream also sounds like a more plausible study, given the data.  Personally, I love fostering my curious mindset. I have always enjoyed learning just for the sake of learning. I think another part of why I'm (I think and hope) less prone to polarization is that I believe that both the left and the right are capable of both good and bad. We often focus very heavily on winning, but I generally don't worry about whether I win or lose. Nobody's right or wrong 100% of the time.  I value working together to achieve a better goal for all more than I value winning. Sometimes, if we want things to improve, we have to swallow our pride and listen to each other. We don't have to agree on everything, but the simple act of listening to someone else and ensuring they feel heard and respected will make them more likely to want to listen to you in turn. Like you said, we are social creatures. We can use to our advantage to forge bonds, even across party lines.
Sooo u hooked me into a politics video ...shame   But also this isnt new, lmao we've known people have tribalism among other group think issues. What a waste
But the people who YOU think got the wrong answer on gun control were actually right. Your fake survey is just that fake...and smart people saw right through it. I've already seen studies on the gun control topic and would have called your questionnaire guy out on his BS results.
The study doesn’t support its conclusions.  The method of the study is technically assessing the gullibilty of people who have already considered the merits of a particular issue. In other words, how likely they are to change their mind with insufficient evidence.   The people with higher numeracy have already considered the issue to the extent that they feel confident in their opinion. A simple graph with contradictory information doesn’t qualify as sufficient evidence to change their mind.  They aren’t doing worse on the test; they are doing better.
Who really wants to reduce irrational tribal thinking among the populace? Definitely not the capitalist class.
welp, this is my chance to get something right
Thank you for making this, most people in the US are very hypocritical when it comes to politics. That’s why I hate having any debate about politics, because people’s opinions rarely change. It’s part of their identity, they won’t want to defy it.
The word choice and the actual facts of the topic for the study's question feel like they were done deliberately to mess with the data. It should have been done with a topic the test takers were definitely not already informed or misinformed on.
While I think some government intervention can be helpful to people but the alternative to how bad it can be out weights the good the intervention may do immediately.
And these people vote
I wonder why only about 25% of low numeracy people got the wrong answer even when it favored their political opinion. Seems like there’s something else going on here.
Of course your crimes improve if you can easily buy guns. Did you ever try to rob a bank with a shitty black marked gun that jams when you try to fire a shot while shouting "This is a robbery!"?  Crimes get so much worse when criminals don't have free access to guns. They might even give up on crime and instead get a real job.
What a weird question.  Did the people using the cream just do that because their rash was so bad that they decided to use some while the others had a rash that wasn't so bad? We don't know anything about these people.  Maybe they didn't use it correctly. The cream could make it so that more dirt sticks to the skin, making it worse. But if you had used less or had used something to cover the rash it would have worked a lot better.  Just from the numbers I would have said that a cream that performs this poorly should be fixed somehow. Better ingredients, better instructions, or whatever solve the problem at hand.  But still just from the proportions it was clear to me that 223 is only a bit more than twice as much as 107, while 75 is way more than 21 time two. You'd expect the number 75 be below 42 for it to be a good cream.  How would an intelligent person come to any other conclusion? The guy in the video could have argued that if so many people are using the cream, they must have a good reason for it. Not a good argument (argumentum ad populum) but something that certainly should be considered.
1:42 "significantly more likely to improve". There are in fact statistical tests to assess that. One of them is Chi2. Turns out the right statement would be: "likely, but not _significantly_ likely." (Chi2 p-value: 0.063)
I think there's another issue at play here. With a study in skin cream, there's an expectation that it's a controlled study that removes variables. When you talk about societal issues, variables can't be removed and the results are much more likely to be inaccurate or manipulated to show a certain thing.  For example, if you did a study about the effect of a gun control policy that was enacted in 2018 on crime rate, and the study covered the next 3 years, almost every policy will appear to make the problem worse, whether it increases or decreases access to guns, because there was an increase in crime that most people associate with Covid-19 and associated policies during that timeframe.  The fact that people are less likely to give you the "correct" answer when the answer is sociological doesn't necessarily point to tribalism. It may also point to a population that is intelligent enough to recognize poor quality information, and weigh it less heavily than other sources of information or reasoning.
The problem is, as the saying goes, there are lies, damned lies and statistics. And that's where the scepticism arises. Has all the data been used or just the data that backs up their point off view?
Lol, clever, people want to think they are smarter and watched the video to see which category we fell into. However, although it wasn't what is expected when reading the title, the title is accurate. Being smarter doesn't help... if you're biased. Those missing last three words make a huge difference in intent.
Where the hell is the tricky math question?!?
It would be interesting to see what people who work or have worked as scientists and particularly researchers eg academic teachers, researchers and phd students would answer.These people have higher than average numerical skills but what matters is if they will allow themselves to be unbiased by their own beliefs and just report the results of the survey as is. In theory they should do better than the sample of the video as they have a mindset that trying to find the truth is above any personal beliefs and most importantly they know that one survey alone isn't enough to be the proof or disproof of anything, so they would have less inhibition reporting what they see in the numbers as is.
I disagree with the test here using gun control as its a multifaceted issue and reducing it to "crime better/worse" makes conclusions less dependent on the numbers but how the data is extrapolated. perhaps crime increased in places which banned guns but there was a significant decrease in low income support and mental health services. Perhaps if it was more specific to gun related crime however there is a case where it's more important about how much crime was increased or decreased rather whether it went up or down.  While evident by the studies shown by the graphs provided, the example presented here I think is terrible.
3:51 it also could just be that they're guessing on a 50/50 and ~50% of those brackets got it right
This is arguably one of the silliest things ever. It's akin to grouping together all warehouse workers and saying they're bad at math... Works great until it doesn't and completely flatters. Good effort though Veritasium, you meant well. 😂
I think I am dumb or I just love statistics. Because I immediately saw no improvement in the ratios. One could argue the placebo cream is a potential remedy. On top of that there isn’t a true control. There needs to be a group without any cream to see what is the expected natural recovery rate of the rash. The gun control portion proves that statistics play a lesser role in changing the minds of others and the way either side wins the debate is through psychological manipulation, which often comes in the form of biased statistics. As a pro 2nd amendment individual myself I see this played from both parties. Let’s start off with two facts that are undeniable. #1 No or less guns will reduce gun violence. #2 levels of overall violence will remain unchanged. Viewing the whole picture is important here. Violence is perceived through the lens of law, and if we remove the lens of law you will see that violence changes form from illegal violence to “legal” violence originating from the power position. Perspective and statistical bias need to be studied more.
I think I am dumb or I just love statistics. Because I immediately saw no improvement in the ratios. One could argue the placebo cream is a potential remedy. On top of that there isn’t a true control. There needs to be a group without any cream to see what is the expected natural recovery rate of the rash.
Long story short, people are blinded by their prior (and "unchangeable") political view.
You lose me every time you bring in evolution.
So if I got the questions right, does that mean I'm dumb? Lol
So essentially Confirmation Bias is far stronger than people give it credit for. Being proficient with science or numbers just means your brain has to work a bit harder in how it applies the bias.
We are not rational.
I have to say personally, while the skin cream problem made sense to me and I got the right answer, the gun control question has more variables. Yes, it's 100% true that there was no actual study, it was the same numbers used in different contexts to test a political bias making statistics not matter as much.   However, the inner workings of the gun control arguments are very difficult. What increases crime? What increases armed crime? How many of the guns used by the "bad guy" that are being reported are even legal serialized firearms, not ground off? Is the study looking at higher or lower wealth areas? Also it doesn't take into consideration how much firearms education might effect the proportion of gun crime, which I believe coupled with poor rehabilitation efforts of the legal system with overly harsh conditions, folks that are desperate for money or have a culture that is quite violent and keeps them locked in that area of violence, that it disproportionately effects the statistic.  This is why the question "If I just give you the statistics, would you believe they're true and just go with the logical answer the paper shows for X subject?" is not the right answer to all questions. Gun control isn't a close variable. You can't just say "this town has more laws against guns, and did better (worse) with violent crime versus this other town with less control" because there's more questions about each said crime. I think you would see far less gun crime if there was less reasons to create crime in the first place, and if people were being raised and educated around firearms from an early age, like we used to do 60 years ago. It's strange that despite semi-auto firearms being available, even AR-15 and AK platforms since the 50's, it only became a problem beginning in the 80's, but really rising to issue in the 90's-today. I don't think that isn't relevant, I think it's exceedingly telling that there are clear reasons why the gun crime rates went higher, and the answer is within "what changed between this time, for the people who would own, and use guns, and what societal impacts have changed their way of living?"   Trying to wrap all that up into a simple statistic without going into any detail about all the factors, people are going to make the argument I just made in their heads, and they're going to use whichever bias they lean toward. I would obviously lean toward less gun control, as I believe the most common gun crimes are committed by a smaller minority of gun owners, and that repeat offenders using illegal weapons are far more common than lawful gunowners turning criminal. But that's the obvious thing here, you can't just say people aren't being rational and giving the "wrong answer" you yourself are giving them an answer without any true questions being answered to back up anything. This is an enormous study that should be undertaken, but isn't.
I think the study just proved that Americans are bad with proportional reasoning.
As many Vertisaium videos this one is wrong too. He is looking at the wrong proportions. What he should be looking at is the effect of the cream that is 223-107=116 and 75-21=54. since 107 is bigger than 54 the cream helped. This is easy to understand intuitively if you tweak the numbers. Try using 1 instead of 21 and 5 instead of 75 and you will get it.
Drug efficacy is never tested with one group receiving no treatment, instead they receive a placebo that is packaged the same and is physically indistinguishable.  Or they receive an existing accepted treatment regimen, like an existing drug, since generally a new drug isn't marketable if it isn't an improvement.  But in general efficacy is relative to placebo.
To be fair, when you put it in a political/social context, the answers are already a known for most situations. Put more guns in the hands of the average person living in a high crime area, you're arming more criminals, and so you get more crime. Put more guns in the hands of the average person living in a low crime area, you're arming more responsible people, and so you get even less crime (because the criminals get stopped more often than when you just rely on police who're not on scene while the responsible citizens with the means to be a good Samaritan are already there).  If the numbers of the study don't match this absolute fact (assuming they weren't just made up of course), then you need to figure out WHY they aren't appearing following the "laws of social physics" as it were.  All this (so-called) study has proven is that numbers can be manipulated or misunderstood, and that lying in statistics is seen as a valid means to try to take people's means of defending themselves and others.
Quick recommendation or personal gripe, I was going to pause to give it a quick thought, but by the time i got to the space bar to pause, you'd said proportional, which instantly made it clear what the method and by extension the correct answer.  Now I'll never know if i could have solved it myself lol.
10:45 I don't know that "climate change" is a loaded term or a partisan one but sure
So politics makes us dumber. Got it.
I remember hearing a story somewhere that goes like this: A man lost something in his house. He suspected his neighbour for stealing it, every move of his neighbour looks shady to him, whether it's the way they walk or the way they greet. Then after one week he suddenly recalled where he hid the item and recovered it, and everything his neighbour do seems normal to him all again, and he says "I always knew the neighbour is innocent, even since the beginning." We always find something to support what we wanted to believe, even those that have no meanings at all, and refused to admit our views are biased.
This seems like the exact wrong take from the approach yall took. If some random person comes up with a chart with as little context or information as that Gun chart, the intellectually honest thing to do would be to question its validity. Like, I would consider it the exact opposite....a sign of stupidity if you have a strong belief and that chart changes your mind.  If anything, this only shows that people dont really care about skin cream, at least not enough to give it the same sort of rigor.
"you can't reason someone out of something he didn't reason himself into"
More people need to watch this and learn that each side is basically the same..
The difference is that the skin cream example doesn't induce an emotional response. Whereas the gun control example, induced an emotional response. Emotion clouds rational judgement. If gun control wasn't such a hot topic then the answers would've been idendtical compared to the skin creme example....   If you want to fix this "issue" people need to learn how to not allow their emotions to drive their decision making.
While the picture this video paints is technically correct the explanation for the discrepancy is that people are essentially expressing their perceptions of real life (general knowledge likely correlates with numeracy) and not necessarily the chart.   Basically "yeah sure this data suggests X but my bias is Y, and that's what I want to talk about because real life is more interesting than a study with no representative sample."
Easy solution: Ban political parties.
it’s confirmation bias when it comes to politics. people will believe lies even in the face of truth. people will only believe information that agrees with there thinking even if it’s false information as in the 2020 election. some people want to believe trump won even though HAND counted votes in challenged showed he lost. the other problem is tha smart people know there smart , so they think there never wrong .
thats just called bias. First page of a statistics textbook tells you that
the problem I see with your question is that the control group and test group arent the same size and that is probably confusing people. if perhaps you had a 3rd column showing the total number of people in each group tested then you may have had less confusion.
I can not believe that the starter the people the harder is to get the right answer looking at the table. Maybe it is true in USA.
This is why I’m an Independent.
We weren't given the sample sizes. Many cases might have become neither better nor worse. Only if that didn't happen will these statistics have any meaning.
8:30 He explicitly tells the guy that the numbers are "not real whatsoever" and it just goes in one ear and out the other lol.
Politically loyal people are more resistant to data? you don’t say!
i notice if you look at the differences in the graphs from about 7:55 to about 8:30 it is clear that liberals are much more "cult like" in their thinking than conservatives. in some examples, the conservative view hardly changed from one end to the other but the liberals always had a larger bias in their thinking.
So basically don't let your politics get in the way of your intelligence.
One possible uncontrolled variable in this survey is prior research. Random people are unlikely to have researched skin cream as a whole so they'll have less prior data to work with in rationalizing the information in these fake studies. Skin cream is a much more shallow subject while the gun control debate can be argued, and has been argued, for decades.  I mean, take what some of the participants were saying for example. It was clear that they were rejecting the validity of the study rather than saying the information was wrong. I don't know if there's a way to control for something like this, but i think that's an important aspect of human reasoning that was overlooked in this survey.
I looked at it for 5 seconds and got it right am I stupid? 😂
Yea, the first 5 seconds of seeing the table, i immediately assessed the proportions of each cream. Numbers are misleading until you look at the relationship that a single number has with other numbers.
They didn't answer the questions wrong,  You allowed them to justify their answers. If you just ask them the right way they would give you the logical answer but because it's political and they're used to having data presented that's already biased in one direction or another they don't trust the data therefore they give you an answer that aligns with their beliefs.
I didn't watch the whole video, but i feel stupid. I thought the skin cream way was just higher risk as more people got better and worse, and that the ones where it stayed the same weren't listed? So without cream is the safer way but less likelihood for improving and worsening, no?
Tribes be damned, all my homies love a skeptic reevaluation of presuppositions
Now more than ever it's important for the people to unite against the elites. They don't want us to know how much we have in common, because our power is in working together and uniting.
I got it right. So am I dumb or smart?
Isn’t he the one who played Jorge is Narchos?
Veritasium spends who-knows-how-long to discover cognitive bias
I don't believe what I believe to fit in with a tribe.  I fit in with a tribe because they share my correct beliefs.
It's not because it's political, it's because you're new study on guns is a correlational study. The rash cream study is not. Correlation studies are garbage and people are starting to understand that now. Here's a better example, make the same chart and show that people who own red cars are more likely to get in an accident. From that, you could draw the conclusion that painting your car red inherently makes you more likely to crash your car, but that's a ridiculous assumption. The more obvious conclusion is that generally, sports cars are painted brighter colors, and people who own sports cars are more likely to drive wildly and crash. But to say the paint has an effect on the outcome is ridiculous. THAT'S the difference between these studies. Smarter people realize that those numbers don't mean anything in a correlational study
Fighting the manifestations of climate change is easy because it affects everyone immediately, but in the long term useless, because there will a time when those manifestations will be unmanageable since the causes will have not been addressed in time.
I'm so full of hate
How tf was the cream working better the most intuitive????  I'll have to assume that by "intelligent " you mean "morons"?
11:00 the lessons from it, like "avoid polarizing rhetoric" obviously assume that a politician wants a rational voter. When the opposite is increasingly the case. Bad actors, marketers, sociopaths actually love the cognitive weakness and use it to their advantage.
Ahhh yes, good ol Jonathan Haidt
Was this not just confirmation bias?
Misleading title, very disappointing.
not even a minute in and this is already a failure. The question you asked is wrong... "did the cream make the rash better or did it make it worse?" made it better for some and worse for others, but mostly better. that is the correct answer. Formulating a good question is important in these kind of things.
Uggh, I'll never understand the brain numbing effects of team/tribalism. People's eyes, ears, and brains seem to stop working correctly.
Super smart guy here... I got it right before you told me... So your assertion that smart people get this wrong, seems unsupported. The "smart" people in the study weren't actually smart. 😁
As a logician, this infuriates me. I don’t know how to effectively communicate to people who make logical errors where they can improve in their reasoning. It feels like some people are just completely incapable of learning.
How to overcome that ?
DC contents pls
I kinda went straight to wondering how many had no improvement...
Please be less click-bait-y. I know youtube pushes for dishonest titles and thumb nails, but you don't have to be this dishonest.
So behavioural biases affect smart people more than stupid people. Makes sense.
Being skeptical of facts presented from any tribe is valid. Example is the media being predominantly of a side, take what they say with caution and hope they stop presenting only one take of the data, or like op suggests balance your intake with ground news.
Don't coddle morons.
I need to see a Chi-squared value for that table
OK, wait a sec. Were the participants when the question was phrased as a gun control question / variation TOLD that it was a fictitious study example? Or were they told it was real data?
Man, this is truly fascinating when interwoven with belief functions and structures.   Without condemning your presentation on this, I kinda wished I could have been blind for the political twist to see if I would have gleefully dove into that pit 😂
Inert cream should have been control to prevent bias.
I wonder how much of this study is due to being held in the US, many many countries are not this clear cut between two beliefs
What is a 223 reduction or increase in crime? 223 what? Percent? How do you compare it to a 75 increase or reduction? If your survey is incoherent, such as portraying an impossible factor, then its results are suspect.
Thank you, this Kind of informations should be shared all over the World... everyone have to know that
Still the democrats are more neutral than republicans 😂
I’m so smart I got psyched out into thinking I should throw out my logic and numeracy when answering the question and then I got it wrong… so am I smart or dumb? 😅
I am a staunch denier of "statistics" at this point because there's little, to no accountability at this point within the parameters of data points. 'Group think' has been capitalized and marketed in everything from education, to politics, to religion! Get a large enough group of humanity to believe one thing, long enough for that belief to become part of their personal and spiritual identity, and you can essentially manipulate any aspect of that one thing, and control the whole group! Until Individual, critical, sceptical and intuitive thinking becomes the foundation of all education, from pre-K and up, humanities collective reasoning is subjective, at best! Saying something as simple as "crime rates' due to gun ownership", in and of itself, doesn't account for nonaccountability for a portion of those gun related crimes. If 50 out of 100 of those 'crimes' were committed by elite people in power were never held to account for them and the other 50 were prosecuted, and in the mix were a number of lawfully and morally justified acts that went on the books as 'criminal', all of the case would still be counted and used as a data point, to which we would be asked to form an opinion without reference or access to those data points. We are where we are, as a society, because we have been encouraged and dare i say, indoctrinated, to follow a preset of rules to maintain uniformity of thought, behavior and action! We are controllable when we conform! It begins in preschool when we are expected to walk in single file like everyone else, not speak until we raise our hand, get permission from a smiling authority figure, rather than when we have a fresh exciting thought! Forced to nap on schedule, even if we sren't tired and only eat when we are told to rather than when our bodies ask for food and often forced to when we want none! That sets a perfect stage for convincing us that a white lab coat and stethoscope represents a Godly authority on health. A title acronym next to a name is authoritarian and lends power and authority. MD, PHD, SIR, LORD, DD, OBGYN, SEN, GOV, SRGT, ADM, GEN etc. and anything they tell us is true, anything they ask us we must do, anything they give us is the best and if we dare challenge their knowledge or authority, we must be punished via non acceptance into the fold of societal norms and privileges for the compliant herd. And we do it.....for pieces of paper, badges, name recognition, licenses, cards, and money. The price we pay is our intuition, instincts and spirituality....and ultimately our Intelligence!
I am so glad i watched this video, this shows why it is so difficult to teach or to learn, because once you have a preconceived conclusion, it is almost impossible to convince that person otherwise.
You are supposed to use an inert cream/ moisturiser as a control, not ‘no cream’ as that leaves the placebo/nocebo effect in the wind and unaccounted for, a control (by definition ) has everything the same as the test except the exact variable (the medication in the cream) being tested.  The hypothetical study was flawed in design. Since it was not commonly picked up this lack of scientific literacy hurts, especially as even the designers seemed to have missed this. The missing numeracy is just next level bad.
The problem is it was Americans.
nuh uh! (in all seriousness, fantastic video!)
basically, most people only believe in their stereotypes and arent openminded
I was able to answer this question correctly by relating it to the F1 score concept in Machine Learning.
Before this video I thought Democrats, on average, would do better than Republicans in the gun control question because it was my belief that Democrats are generally smarter. But now, I see each and every one of us are stupid in our own ways, including myself.
So if I get it wrong on purpose?
5:02 Not accurate to say that conservatives believe that gun control increases crime. It just doesn't help to reduce it.
The two party system and superpacs are completely destroying the political system in this country. We need a lot more political parties or better yet none at all in a free to run system where opinions can't be bought by campaign contributions...
I think when it comes to politics, anyone that shows you a bunch of numbers on the street concerning some highly polarised political issue, is assumed to be trying to sell you on that perspective.  We know from experience not to trust politicians waving around any kind of numbers. So if you agree with the perceived political claim, you'll happily applaud your ally. If you don't, you defend your already existing viewpoint. Cuz numbers can be made to say anything.  Your actual viewpoint on these issues is built over much longer timespans, up to a whole lifetime even. Usually that means you'll have connected personal experiences, those of your social circle and a bit of numbers from whatever you've been exposed to. If literally all the numbers you were exposed to have been manipulated, you'd be vulnerable to making a poorly based conclusion.  This is more true for newer issues where information sources and personal experiences are scarce.  It would be interesting to see similar studies done in countries with multi party coalition governments, instead of the US two mortal enemies death match.  Would also be interesting to see it done on political issues that aren't as familiar or traditionally divisive.  If done in a multi party country where it isn't clear which party would have it on the agenda (preferably none actually do) that might be a nice bonus.  It would still be political, just not ✨political✨ aka a highly polarised mud throwing contest.
This is stupid completely unrelated to the caption
I got it right based on proportions. So am i smart or not?😂
All the video proved was that when publishing scientific studies, the numbers don't mean anything. It's all a matter of perspective. It also means that in most cases people know that the published results of these studies are not real but depend on who originally funded the study, and that tomorrow a new study will be published that says exactly the opposite.
"These numbers arent real"  "...pragmatically..."
If people changed their beliefs when evidence was presented, then religion would be long dead.
What this guy explained: Dumb people get it right smart people don‘t  What this guy has shown: Dumb people avoid, middle smart people answer intuitively, smart people calculate
4:20 wth beo
I agree, if we are too rational more often than not we get to the bottom of social hierarchy more often than not.
I would also like stats on the employment type of the people. I believe some professions such as math, Computer science, psychology, business, vs art, cooking, shop keepers, performers etc would make a difference. I believe the stats would show mathematically literacy would not be as important vs a logical vs emotional mindset even with the same literacy levels between them. Artist of 7 points vs Computer programmer at 7 logic and analysis would take over.
This is how everyone in the US got tricked into thinking that having $1,000,000 is a lofty achievement that is unattainable when it is actually over $70,000 short of average, so they ignore the fact that they are being robbed blind by billionaires.
I have to disagree that it's the intuitive answer. Looking at the ones who got worse alone shows the cream hurt more people than it helped. 21 people worse off without the cream and 107 better without the cream. Which means that people were going to get better without the cream to begin with. 107 people we can assume would have gotten better from the 223 ppl without the cream. That leaves 116 ppl the cream could have helped, however the fact that 107 would have gotten better without the cream it begs the question did the cream actually help them or did they just get better naturally? We also know that the cream group made 75 ppl worse vs 21 on the no cream. So 54 more ppl got worse using the cream than not using.  I'm conservative but at the end of the day I don't care about tribalism.  I used to be a Democrat now I'm a conservative and in another 20 years I'll probably be independent.
So pretty much this just shows that people are ignorant to facts and are not open minded to expand their worldview
I think this will never be solved. If one side believes empirical data and the other mistrusts they government and scientists. No side will move an inch and the rift between the two neighbors, who on a daily basis pretty much does the same things and have the same life goals, continues to grow to insane proportions
ok but have you considered that im built different?
The smarter you are , the better you are. I have been educated in stats and research methods and I was good at answering this. As a former student, I have taken countless tests. The first thing I do is remove the useless data. Therefore, I only look at the number and do a ratio comparison. Then biases cannot affect us getting to the correct answer. If you are smarter then you purposely try to control for your own bias. The on thing important here are the numbers. It is very clear who had formal education. Ask students who have taken stats and research methods classes. They will answer this very differently and accurately, at least that is my hypothesis.
This proves that people like to live in delusions while having the capability to break free of their delusions and living their life while being truthful to themselves
It's not about politics. It's about intense emotions influencing people's reasoning.
To be honest, if a random guy presented me with a fake study about gun control, and cities. I would instantly not believe it as I know the truth.
This might be obvious but I think the issue is. The questions on skin cream. People have no prior knowledge on that specific cream. So your opinion is only based of the info provided... When it's a topic people already have knowledge or opinions on. The question isn't seen in the vacuum of info provided.   Personal I am pro guns, and I care less about person on person violence. I value Government or mob on a single individual violence. If I'm weak, old, tired, out numbered... others don't need a gun to hurt me. But even the weak, old, and out numbered can protect themselves with a gun.
i did _not_ expect a seemingly mathematical video nosediving into politics, then suddenly to matrix dodge it's way to common left-right topics of discussion before making the conclusion that "all political people that debate instead of do is dumb", barely elaborating outside of "maybe do more fixing instead of talking" and leave
Usually you'd want the same number of participants in both the control and the in experimental group, no?
if you asked me i would have got the answer wrong because ive already looked at statistics for gun control and i just didn't read the graph properly because i thought i already knew what it said. its got nothing to do with my political beliefs its simply because i thought i already read that graph so didn't read it properly the second time. I certainly would not have willfully got the answer wrong to support my political beliefs i hate people who do that. its not because i think im some superior moral being i just hate the idea of being called a liar so i would never willfully lie about something like that especially if it makes me look like an idiot. what would be interesting is seeing if people with more friends or who rely more on a social network to earn a living get the question wrong more often.
How is that answer intuitive? Nothing intuitive about leaving out half of the numbers
Theres a saying in my language, something along "when God gave the smartness to people, no one complained."
good video, but pretty misleading title. please avoid in the future
Coming in expecting 3Blue1Brown level quirks of statistics but getting American politics instead
4:50 shout out to the lady wearing the crime pays but but botany doesn’t shirt!!🫡
Conclusion: ideology makes you dumb
What a great video!!! Thanks for branching out and bringing science to our politics 🙏
In the first one I got it. I did it by percentage though. Roughly speaking, taking the cream you had a 34% chance of it getting worse and without only a 20% chance. Making no cream 14% better.
The issue when it comes to things like studies on gun control is there are far more variables to be accounted for which makes any simple chart hard to believe regardless of the numbers. It makes a person want to question the methodology and biases of the people that came to those numbers. Which makes in turn has their own biases take over as well.  Calling the gun control question the same as skin cream is like calling apples oranges. Because with skin cream it is easiest to control for variables so people are less likely to question the data down to them internally. Also, no one has a personal bias towards some random skin cream unlike guns. Guns can be a major factor in any given person's psychology unlike skin cream. When you inject emotional responses from people they are less likely to be logical regardless of the normal logical competency.  Lastly, why these two situations are not equivalent is because there are no known counter studies for one, but there are for the real world political topics. Again, no one is going the data results oh a random skin cream test because there is no professional stake in the outcome as well as studies that they already know to have been done which shows something they desire to see as an outcome which runs counter to some chart with some random fake numbers. There is just more to this than saying smart people are no different than dumb people when it comes to political topics. I mean that conclusion has quite a bit of truth to it, but this video study on numeracy isn't proving that at all.
I thought the skin cream question was a trick, and the answer would be both… It made the rash worse for 96 people and better for 330. 🤷‍♀️
Isn't this plain old confirmation bias?
Edit: Wait... Wait... So, reversing it and seeing that the amount of rashes worsened is TWICE as many as doing nothing, it is considered a success because the amount of improvement is bigger proportionally to not using it?! Am I getting this question wrong? Because having ca 200 cases if worsened, vs. ca 75 cases of improvement? I'd say that is a failure!  At first I pointed put to myself;   Yes, obviously it improved, twice as effective as the non-treatment.  But... Clearly seeing a bigger number of worsening rashes, it made we think and wonder; "What kind of rash, all the same cause? How many of these improvements/worsening comes from which person? Did one person have an adverse reaction that really increased the average number of "increased amount" of rashes.  Incomplete information from my initial observation.
I learned that we have alfa male, beta male and sigma (fe)male...main groups. If possible it would be nice to learn about this same test where the group is divided in these groups instead of political views (or if the groups are big enough...both..Type of person AND political preference if that can be done.  I know it is less easy to divide groups based on personality.... but it intrigues me.
I instantly thought that the improvement of the rash was around twice as successfull with the cream but the worsening part was more than 3 times as high  So it had to make it worse
I feel bad for the guy interviewing people because some of those people were straight up yapping
The recording and required verbal response broke the study. If you allowed people to respond on paper and told them the data was fictional to begin with the numerate people would answer according to the numbers. The fact that you are recording them and forcing them to answer with a “correct” response that goes against their strongly held beliefs makes them think you are a gotcha journalist. They then question your data, the data sources and correctly question your motives. The numerate people’s numeracy doesnt decline,m. Instead, they correctly deduce that you are trying to trick them.
Love how I can find both left and right wing YouTubers and they all support Ground News.
So i got the answer by finding the percentage of people who said the rash worsened from the total sample size of each   (75 / 298 x 100) = 25% (21 / 128 x 100) = 16%  Or if you want to do it at a glance easily  Round 298 to 300 (something easily divisible by 75) and 75 is 1/4th of 300  So ≈ 1/4 of people are saying the rash worsened.  And round 128 to 126 (something easily divisible by 21) and 21 is 1/6th of 126  So ≈ 1/6 people are saying the rash worsened.  = more people saying the cream made the rash worse.
You just showed the danger of bias towards an expected outcome. If you already believe something, then you are more likely to accept data that seems to support your belief WITHOUT properly analyzing that data.
Before you said the result I was already calculating the proportions
warning this is a is the trojan horse equvilient of a political youtube video
Perhaps the first graph was readable whereas the second one wasn't so they assumed its contents instead, defaulting to their preconceived conclusions.   A graph with pictures and letters and arrows with the vague "crime improved/worsened" can be much harder to interpret than cream vs. no cream and rash good vs. rash bad. Measuring "crimes" also can be unrelated to guns. All crimes aren't gun crimes and so more confusion may occur. I personally found myself looking at the seconds graph much longer because of these factors and with a camera on you they might just give up and auto pilot.  Exactly how long each participant had to look at each graph and what questions were used to determine numeracy aren't shown so how valid these conclusions are can't be determined from this video.
I was really excited by ground news, until I saw that the cheapest plan doesn't provide you with the factuality information for publishers. I know it still is very affordable (at only $10/year), but just on principle, if your goal is to present unbiased/transparent/factual news, that should be the ONE thing everyone gets.
Ban all skin creams and we will have no gun control issue, I stand by it
if we're assuming both groups had equal number of participants, then the No Cream group would have had at least 170 participants whos rash neither improved or worsened. In the context of whether or not the cream was effective, an improved rash symtom is a better result than no change. effectively no change is just as bad a result as the rash worsening as the rash still exists. If we look at those numbers, 107 people had their rash improved by doing nothing, and 191 either didn't improve or got worse, a ratio of nearly 0.5. With that outlook, using the cream to deal with the rash was 6 times more effective at dealing with the rash than by doing nothing.  Yes, you're 3 times more likely for the rash to worsen, but 6 times more likely for it to improve, which in a cost benefit analysis makes the choice result in twice as likely overall at a positive result. The cream was effective.
One trap I've fallen into is "oh these psychological phenomena happen to other people" rather than "this happens to me"  I'm a people. These things happen to me, don't be so arrogant to think otherwise
So intelligent people are intelligent enough to not believe anything blindly and would like to look into more evidence???  That was a hard thing to come to a conclusion about???????
I wish you'd have posed us the question before you went on to the video. Now I know. I will never know if I would have fallen into that trap.
i solved it. its proven i actually am an idiot
So i feel this question has two answers, depending on the sample size lets say its 500, the skin cream is effective l, it does affect about 60% of the total groupand without skin cream, it only affects about 30% of the 60% of people it did affect, about 75% got better so about a 45% of people who use the skin cream get better while the no skin cream had about 5/6 get better, meaning only 25% of people got better, it depends on the sample size unless i did my math wrong somewhere, skin cream is still better somehow
Oh c'mon.  You can get there.  Just hold on.
I know why before you say it.  The truth is, knowledge has a ...gravity.  And extremely bright minds tend to Tarzan along the thoughts.  More... congested minds have to cleave harder to pertinant truths.  And are slower... but often more... comprehensive about... some stuff.  It's oily to be so bright.  Staying in one place too long cludges up the thought process...  And less brilliant minds can be saturnyne...  But if such a mind, though less brilliant, has the tenacity to clutch only to what is holistically valid...  Often, such a mind will notice connections that a faster, more motile and brilliant mind would never bother to build a reason to notice.  ...now let's see what you say.
10:14 😂"scared" of both being human
So more of a question of "Does pre-existing bias affect judgement?"  Yes?  Though on the question of why it affects smarter people more, first... it's not smarter people, it's more educated people. Who believe that because they were educated they know better even if they were taught wrong. They will hold to the wrongness because it maintains self-worth.
Here is the key to understanding this issue. Truth is expensive, but trust is priceless. Accepting the truth that contradicts the common biases of your tribe may have short term consequences, but the delayed gratification of trust that accrues because you will not bend to social pressure to conform makes you a person of integrity and worthy of trust. Do not underestimate the things your former tribe will throw at you to discredit you. The best way to introduce ideas is one person at a time. That is why social media sucks so badly because everything is broadcast. Not only does it favor cheap user generated content filtered through user engagement algorithms, but anything you post is instantly subjected to the scrutiny of the mob. Social media cares not for truth, truth hurts their bottom line. You are a consumer they have to get addicted to their platform to sell advertising. It is marketing with no standards or rules. They hide behind the 203 status and glorify freedom of speech while utterly obliterating the trust of its users. They want to obliterate trust in everything, including the expensive public institutions we use for getting at the truth. Science. Universities. Newspapers. Elections. Juries. Why bother investing all this money in truth when what they want to sell you are cheap LIES? It's fast. It's cheap. It will destroy your mind if you let it.
I feel like the answer to the first part is obvious, you've introduced laziness  With the skin cream question, i have no preconceived notion so have to study the data and think hard before answering, which ultimately allows me to see the trick (proportionality vs gross #)  With the politically charged question, I already have an opinion and if I have high numercy I have likely done some kind of research and have selective stats that informed my pov, so when presented with the known question, I don't think very hard about it and go with the quick /lazy / easy answer that conforms to what i already think. if you introduced a warning .. study the data carefully, you might be surprised..  the results would be different imo
I don't understand why the political context is so important. The way I see it is that data is data. Yes it may be against what I believe to be true, but it is still data and has to be counted as right.
Confirmation bias
This presents a cognitive bias problem. If the data goes against what the person thinks, knows, or believes, they will suggest the data is inaccurate. And in this case, the data was entirely inaccurate. All this shows is that people who understand mathematics as a whole were able to identify data that was seemed wrong or out of place. People don't have that same bias toward the statistics of skin cream and it is a less inpactful issue. It is a simple proportion problem, one is roughly 1/3 vs 1/5. While the 2nd version compares improved in 3/4 of cases vs improved in 5/6 of cases. That's why accurate statistics and law of large numbers are important. People are very skeptical of data that goes against their preconceived biases, and so it's even more important to prove the information is true. The other thing is that there are a lot of factors that determine crime statistics, culture, politics, state government political affiliation and legislation. And maybe this is just my "people of higher intelligence" talking that finds discomfortninnthebfsct that data was manipulated or manufactured and then asking people about politically charged questions evennthough all of this is fake except the data, I'm just wondering what the data means and why there might be such a polarization.  My guess is that the confident people either have a harder time admitting they are wrong, or what is more likely is that the smarter people are more likely to believe that what they already believe is correct, based on how they came to that believe and their ability to prove it through logical debate or evidence or credibility or history, etc. Thus, that bias, to where they likely already have an answer they believe is true and thus justifies their belief is obviously affecting the data, only because the data is wrong. But it's neutrally wrong, which is why both left and right got it wrong when asked.  Fascinating results, questionable study methods.
All the evidence in real life and news is also made up just like your "facts"
Sorry but i seriously doubt that tribal thinking is the cause. I think it’s moreso prior conditioning and learning, and making an assumtion rather than actually paying attention to the data. That 223 number grabbing your attention immediately is what brings this result.
The answer to why Republicans and Democrats answered that way is because people on the right wing aren't the brightest.   Democrats aren't leftists before anyone say anything
If Political thinking dominates over Numerical thinking does Political dominate over Logical thinking ?? .. Political, Religious, and other Deeply Held Beliefs are not necessarily Logical .. Neither does Deeply Held Beliefs always beet out Logic .. Your test shows  Politics can beet Logic,  But the Kamala Harris  test shows,  Logic can beet Politics !!!
So out of all that, theres not really someone involved with that study asking why data that would be seen as completely objective would get the answer you think it would, where data that would not be seen as completely objective would not get the answer you think it would?  "Gee, why could people possibly respond differently to a set of data that requires regulation by both the federal government and independent review boards than they would a data set that doesnt, and is also incomplete".  Its asking people to take a table created for a single-variable dependency (efficacy of drug XXXX) with every other variable accounted for by use of a control group, and give the same answer for a multiple-variable dependency with an insufficient control group, then getting mad when you cant do that, even though you cant actually do that.    Or, to put it better:  The smarter someone is, the more likely they are to know that medicine and sociology are different, and need to be presented differently.
Alright the study I want is LYING to rationally thinking people about data and seeing how they cope with it.
Now imagine how misleading spurious correlations are
The question is crap. The skin cream DOES make the rashes better
Very interesting, but I missed the part where "smarter people did worse". 🤔
They're all wrong. There is only one question. One answer. The question is are you worthy to be saved? The answer is, always yes.
That commercial at the end is great. Excellent example. 😅
Ok but how many stayed the same?
I had no problem with the skin cream example, but when the labels were swapped to gun control I could instantly feel the bias affecting my ability to objectively analyze the numbers. It was like a magnet in my head pulling my focus. Very interesting watch!
This seems like the longest explanation of confirmation bias ever.
Disappointing video. The title is fake: smart people actually did perform better contra the title. Then the video shifts to bias. Bleh.
That's why democracy sucks.
Gets first question right, looks at title of video, goes well fk. Hears the explanation that smarter people got this one right, goes oh thank god. Then it got political, which explains irrationality.
Disappointed by this title and your low quality content this time…
Could it be that high-numeracy respondents of each political party are getting the answer wrong for slightly different reasons?   In example 1 respondents are comfortable "playing the game" and using their best critical thinking to arrive at the correct answer in order to "win". It is neither true nor false that the non-existent skin cream improves/worsens the non-existent rash. There are no stakes in this game. Regardless of which data set the respondents received,  results of the skin cream study are not at odds with reality, but entirely separate from it.    But in the REAL world there is REAL data on how gun control laws affect crime rates. One of the two fictional data sets on crime & gun control happens to align (more or less) with reality. At this point, those whose receive the data that is at odds with reality AND their personal politics may prioritize "being right in the real world" over correctly solving the hypothetical. One side is getting it wrong because the correct (hypothetical) answer is at odds with their personal beliefs. The other side is getting it wrong because the correct (hypothetical) answer is at odds with their personal beliefs BUT ALSO at odds with reality. In other words, they had a second mental barrier to overcome. And they would rather state what they know to be true that correctly solve a hypothetical.  Imagine a third nonsensical study in which two groups of patients drink motor oil in hopes of curing baldness. In one data set it works, in the other study it doesn't. Same numbers as the two examples in the video. Well, in one case you're going to have the numerically-unintuitive-but-correct answer that drinking motor oil did in fact cure baldness. Well, in addition to overcoming the numerical obstacle (people bad at ratios vs raw numbers) the respondents in this group also have to content with the obvious reality that drinking motor oil doesn't cure anything. And some may even knowingly give the wrong answer for the hypothetical (but correct for reality) because they don't want to say something that sounds stupid. While the other group only has deal with comparing ratios and doesn't also have to suspend their disbelief for the sake of a hypothetical scenario.
I noticed you didn't ask any independent voters 😢
I noticed you didn't ask any independent voters 😢
i feel the sheet saying "crime worsened" or "crime improved" is kinda misleading to some word wise.
I do wish the gun control tables were identical to the cream. They shouldn't have added colors and arrows to the chart. I myself took longer to interpret the gun charts from the cream charts, due to the presentation. I absolutely believe in the bias demonstrated by this test, but the additional variables in the design make it unsound, in my opinion.
With the first question for example, I assumed the numbers were the same since we were doing counting numbers, and people with the same condition were just excluded entirely. So the reason so many more people were in the skin cream answer was just because the differences were more negligible, so more people who used no cream had neutral conditions and weren’t counted on the list at all
Thank you for explaining our world and making sense of it.  This and your video on luck are really important to watch for everyone.
7:54 this chart is interesting. It shows that conservatives were pretty much consistent regardless of numeracy, while liberals were more in favor of gun control the more their numeracy increased.  Thinking more deeply about it, this actually isn't very surprising, for me at least. It's likely that the people with higher numeracy are more educated. For a liberal, this means that their views were more strongly shaped by their experience in academia, which is highly left-leaning. The more educated, the more left wing the position.  On the other hand, the Republicans did not allow their education to affect their opinion as much, because they were likely skeptical of the liberal talking points they heard in college, and did not take them to heart.  This lines up with the fact that right-wingers tend to be more independent-minded, while left-wingers are more collectivist, meaning they will go along with what the narrative is more easily. The more educated they are, the more they've been exposed to the narrative, the more they take it to heart. The same can be seen on all the charts - Republicans were more stable in their views regardless of education level, while Democrats were more influenced the more they were educated.
1:59 Only two genders huh? lol
This is one of the best videos you've produced so far, thanks!
I don’t think these are smart people you interviewed 😂
Ah, but they started with different prior "knowledge" (a liberal is more likely to know about evidence that gun control works), so actually they were doing a fairly sophisticated Bayesian analysis to incorporate the new "data" with the existing "data"...  :)
Back in the day one side advocated that a long, skinny, pointy stick was best. The other side advocated that a short, fat, heavy stick was best.
Surely the inability to read data correctly indicates many people are not as smart as they think. A smart person would read the data correctly and if it disagreed with their beliefs they can request the source and/or call it out as BS.
This was much less interesting than expected. It's also weird to use an example where the actual reasoning isn't really affected by these numbers for at least one group. Like if you demonstrated that gun control virtually always reduced crime, and a stern Republican saw that and believed it 100%, they would still not like gun control because of the principle
7:15 There's always the option of saying "the data claims this, but there is no indication that the study was trustworthy or even real" as an answer.
So basically the smarter you are, the less likely you are to think yourself out of depression, Dr. K was right
7:13  The fact that "crime decreased" was suddenly written instead of "rash worsened", was the most confusing part for my brain because the transition implied that a bad outcome (rash worsened) in the right upper corner would be written with different words(crime increased), but it transitioned to a good outcome(crime decreased).
I will never forget being an enthusiastic Canadian, introduced to Usenet back in the 90s, who got into an argument about gun control.  Oh boy.  I learned that getting to the bottom of the topic was going to take my trying to make myself an expert. And the reward was to become just another voice shouting and being ignored by the other side.  It was a giant lesson in the extent of my default ignorance, and the difficulty of learning truth when everyone is yelling. And yes, "science curiosity" was an excellent description of my attitude.
The democrate and republican parties are there to just divide the people🎯 divide and conquer
Fractions 1/5 to about 1/3
How are republicans getting the gun control wrong no matter how the question was asked? They should at least have a 50/50 chance.  I would have expected something like 90% say gun control is bad, no matter how the numbers are
Has anyone told you that you look like Rowan from Viva La Dirt League?
That’s a crappy made-up study.  The control group should be the same size as the test group just for starters. If they were the same size and the results held up, you would see the numbers in the lower row as 249 | 49 .  This would make it obvious that the cream was not likely to be helping - possibly hindering.
With the recent election, this Chinese saying always hits so hard: your arse determines your mind. How one thinks is really more about where you sits on the political spectrum
I'm apparently so great at math, I still don't get the skin cream question.  Here's how I viewed it:  I assumed that the experimental group and control group were the same size.  Let's say 1000 people, but the number doesn't matter.  I had also assumed that one possible outcome is that the skin cream has no effect.  Both of those assumptions are not contradicted by anything in the video.  I then assigned a score of +1 if the condition approved for an individual, -1 if it worsened, and 0 if it didn't changed.  With that, to me "better" means that the average score is better.  For a test group of 1000 people each, the average score with the skin cream is 0.148, with the control group it's 0.086.  And so the skin cream wins.  Likely they had implicitly meant that the experimental group had 298 members, and the control group had 128, and that for every single individual, there was a change for better or worse.  But in the end, the confusion happens because their question is not clearly worded; and in a research paper, you would have enough details that the nerds would figure things out.
In the gun control example, the chart is purely subjective. In order to have a proper study, you'd have to see the before and after of the same cities. Otherwise, you could be comparing Chicago to some backwater town in Illinois and nobody knows the original sample. It's a snapshot in this, not an actual proof of effect.
You completely skipped over the Right only getting slightly more partisan with increased numeracy while the Left gets much more partisan with increased numeracy.  That would seem to indicate that Leftists get indoctrinated away from common sense & reality with additional education.  Moreover, the Right has much more reason to distrust numbers that go against their worldview because Leftist “experts” have been spreading false data for decades to push their agenda.
The gun control issue is skewed because conservatives know the real statistics and liberals believe the inaccurate statistics. The answers would be based more on how much the people believe your study. As far as politics conservatism is the belief in individualism while liberalism (leftists) believe in collectivism so the idea that both groups believe in ideologies based on “fitting in” is flawed.
The gun control issue is skewed because conservatives know the real statistics and liberals believe the inaccurate statistics. The answers would be based more on how much the people believe your study.
This was refreshing.
When you show them the question you have to say right off the bat that the numbers are fictional, obviously there will be bias 🤦‍♂️
This video is pure misinformation. His conclusions are wrong, he didn't get the study right - it's BS clickbait content. If you believed any of this, it's time to turn off YT and start educating yourself.  Veritasium is dead. No quality content here anymore
I hate to say it but this isn’t totally irrational. When you have people on the other side that are completely insane and will use any sound bite against you to justify terrible things it makes some sense to harden yourself to contrary data that could be noise unfortunately
I am sorry, what? The answer to the creme question is obvious. "Just looking at the big numbers" isn't smart, it's moronic...  I swear we live in the dumbest fkn timeline
This is basic math the only reason why it’s difficult is because they are put on the spot
This is basic math, look at the ratios
I got it right! How stupid am i?
Sounds like journalistic integrity is the problem.   Sensationalism in news reporting needs TO STOP 🛑 using feelings to make people think a certain way is obviously problematic.   Go back to the days when news was bland but allowed readers to make up their own mind rather than playing and preying on their fears and hopes and feelings
Incredible.. Wow
11:06 this whole thing was organized by liberal democrats and attended mostly of course by liberals, if you see any conservatives either they had to come because of their families/ friends were there or because they’re directly impacted. Also most residents in question voted for trump AGAIN back in November so bringing a 2017 climate change movement as an example for this year’s political climate was already a DUMB move 😂😂
9:37 your definition of rational is wrong. Open the dictionary and see if voting for A LITERAL CONVICTED FELON just because your tribe thinks he would be a good leader fits that definition of rational
9:27 just plain WRONG. My “tribe” is the one that doesn’t believe in taking woman’s rights to abortion and giving gun to every man in america. So it was never about a side, it’s all about common sense
9:01 his research are facebook posts about how kamala is a mean evil witch and how they should build a shrine to bootlick trump, it was dumb to even ask him about his research 😂
I think part of the problem is if you put a camera in my face and posed me a political question I wouldn't think you're testing my numeracy I would think you're trying to ridicule me to the opposition in some way
Kinda like dems were against the vaccine when Trump was president but as soon as Biden got elected it was safe and everyone should get it
So, smarter, which probably to some degree corresponds to numeracy, generally corresponds to also having a broader spectrum of ways to interpret data/statements/etc.  Ie. It's easier not only to disseminate information correctly, but also incorrectly. You're better at convincing yourself by crafting better arguments. Usually good, but there is a clear trap in this process. And anyone can fall into it.   I also think, in this example, the issue isn't just political in nature. And I realize this will sound like some kind of confirmation bias, but stick with me. But if you're smart enough to know and pay attention to statistical data and studies, you would also be more likely to refute data that is incorrect. And a political issue will be more well known than intricate data on a random  skin cream. (For example a statistically unlikely result from an unverified source on gun control. Presenting it as a clear scenario where the method and sourcing must be questioned and investigated. On the spot, this will force smart people to provide external reasoning about the numbers based on prior knowledge and/or bias. But give them no chance to investigate the background, which they would usually do given the time.)  To me, it seems not so much like "smarter people being more likely to be wrong", as it is "smarter people having taken the time to create a stronger foundation supporting their beliefs" (whether right or wrong is not too relevant)   Ps. notice that I'm just doing the exact type of external reasoning about the entire video, as I just described the participants doing about the study in the video. I am fully aware, just wanted to let you know before someone replies.  (I don't think the video is wrong, or the premise even. Just that there is more to it that is not being explored here. Which I think is even more interesting. The original studies might get into that deeper context ofc, I have not read them, and they might very well be excellent!)
so politics are stupid… fair point 😂
Just look at gun control. It's the educated who are against gun ownership and for gun control, but they are completely wrong about it and all data shows they are wrong.  Some issues just show that even when you are "educated", you can still be a buvvoon.
Now imagine just how much science is just people seeing the data that supports there hypothesis and ignore everything that proves it wrong, like they did with covid. Turns out the idiots can see the data for what it actually is better anyway.
Rip; i must be dumb af for seeing that right away
Arizona State University and University of Arizona.
Dumb statics to start with
I found the title of this video misleading.  I was expecting, perhaps, something on how 'smart people' over analyze or overthink their way to a wrong answer.  The video, however, is just talking about politics and confirmation bias, which I already understand.
Have the subjects been informed they were subjected to wrong information? I know some who confronted the data were informed if it was bogus, but it would not be the first time realists didn't anticipate the negative effect of the actual experiment. In Norway, a journalist project altered school (youth, non-counting) elections without considering some of the participants were eligible to vote a few weeks later.
i just reat the title and i was like yeah im getting 100% for sure
I engage daily with people who believe the earth is flat. That's prompted me to learn related math (e.g., celestial navigation), which I've enjoyed. But it's also encouraged me to think about why I believe what I believe, and to question any ideas that I have a lot of certainty about.
“You cant take away peoples guns, thats like drugs “ 🤣🤣
“You cant take away peoples guns, thats like drugs “ 🤣🤣
I'm reasonably smart (30 ACT, 1450 SAT, 130IQ), but i also don't swing to either one political side, so it's unlikely your test would have fooled me. For instance, i stepped out of the room to get coffee, i missed the entire thing about cream, i only know you mentioned the data was the same.  i saw the data when the first boy was explaining about crime and gun control.   the data is unrealistic to begin with.  it says more cities improved crime when gun control was enacted, but also says more cities improved crime when gun control wasn't enacted.  This means either way you go, the choice is correct. Gun control? crime will improve. no gun control? crime will improve.
I have a question. And I may be completely wrong here but here goes. With the skin cream study I assume there are an unlisted number of people that (saw no improvement) and if that’s the case without know how many people were in the study you cant draw a conclusion. Because assuming they had an equal number in each study let’s say 500 and let’s say worsening make you a double count (so 75 becomes 150 and 21 becomes 42) the cream group had 223 that got better and 75 that got worse so 202 stayed the same then we double the 75 (because they count as 2 now because they got worse) and we get 352 total with rash after cream. With the no cream group we have 107 better 21 worse total is 128 meaning 372 still have rash and after doubling the worse ones and adding them back it’s now 413 which is way more than 352 so I don’t get it.
Thinking tribally is still a necessity in life. I have found a long time ago that people’s opinions are based on feelings and the people around them. I can not think tribally and it makes me lonely, it’s not a positive thing at all. I much rather be able to believe lies together with my friends and family.   There is not a single political subject where a one side speaks and thinks the truth and it’s so obvious, yet no one seems to notice. It also makes it impossible to vote and choose a side because all sides are filled with pieces of lies and pieces of truth.
Love your vids, but this video and title is stupid and misleading. The questions are simple and you absolutely do better when you are smarter.
I think this experimental is horribly flawed.  Let me just say, I recognized immediately with the skin cream example what the “correct answer” was based on proportionality. HOWEVER, I also noted that this entire data set was horribly flawed because the   - Sample size is FAR too low - Control group and experimental group are horribly out of proportion  - There could be confounding variables, correlation does not equal causation   These data problems don’t go away when you make it “political”  The whole premise of this experiment is to judge people’s rationality and ability to judge evidence fairly, HOWEVER  That premise falls apart when the EVIDENCE is so poor and carries ZERO scientific WEIGHT. Anyone who relies on this data as evidence, FOR or AGAINST, any position is irrational and doesn’t understand skepticism   I think all this experiment demonstrates is that most people are biased and are dishonest liars  AND more importantly   Most above average intelligence people who are deemed “smart” in society are actually not that useful or smart in an effective way that benefits society philosophically speaking
So... if its fake data (regardlessof presentation), does numeracy actually apply? Maybe the reason people are leaning on intuition is because they understand that they are being lied to.
Very interesting video! Its intriguing to me to see the lower political division amongst those with lower literacy which is honestly probably to be expected as those with lower understanding of the numbers probably have to guess at a solution and those with higher can have a more rigorous approach to understanding the data. But when you see higher numeracy rates, the surprise is there is not higher correct solution identification and it actually gets worse/more polarized the higher the level of numeracy. Assuming higher numeracy would correlate to people with higher positions in government and industry due to the problem solving nature of the work undertook by our leaders, is it possible to say that the increasing levels of political partisanism many people have observed over recent years is not in fact as severe amongst your average person but rather a strong political divide amongst the leaders of government and industry in our country? And if the assumption and hypothesis is true, then how does this affect your everyday person and how do we deal with this divide?  Obviously there are a couple 'big' assumptions in there but it is an interesting thought experiment and to try obtain data on this would be interesting. I have always wondered if you could essentially perform a stack trace on the seemingly wide political divide amongst people that continues to be in modern politics. I think understanding where some of these radical ideas and the shift to ideological thinking came from might help us better combat some of these problems.  Anyways, once again, cheers! Another great video for the books @veritasium
We use data to support our thinking. We don’t use data to drive our thinking. Humans are emotional first, rational second.
Suppose I'm a moron
I got it right because I'm an idiot
Having had to analyze scientific papers from an immunology perspective (rashes fit the bill), Id probably end up derailing the experiment asking about the health of the fictional participants, what kind of rashes were being examined, why the group sizes are so different, when their rash saw improvement and any confounding factors.  If the rash saw improvement after day 1 for the first group who had good results with it, it bears further study even if proportionally the control group fared better. Especially if the results seem concentrated in a certain age group for instance or root cause of the rashes.  Id probably easily derail the gun control one as well I reckon... though I am a Canadian. I don't do well with hypotheticals...
I'm an aerospace engineer And I got the first question about the cream correct. However, if someone asked me to form an opinion based on a graph of data regarding gun control, I wouldn't really care what the graph said because my belief is based on ideological morality.  I believe that it's morally wrong to take rights from people even if data showed that it might make them safer.  I just don't care.  It doesn't matter if it made people safer. It's just morally wrong to be tyrannical.
Common enemy. Problem solved. That’s why they’re questioning who the enemy is now (scientists, foreign adversaries, etc.)
or, hot take, we need to do a better job of teaching statistics in public schools?
So I’ve picked my political side because I’ve always been more scientifically minded and trust science far more than politicians.  Currently it seems like the democratic ideology is more aligned with what the science says.  This may not always be the case however.  So it seems to me that my current political bias could come to bite me in the ass if I’m not careful.
Waow! Veritasium just discovered bias... 2024!
Hm... I would question the approach taken here, because if somebody approaches me on the street with a camera and asks me to interpret and say something about gun control I would immediately suspect this to be some form of political agenda/a campaign thing masked as a "study" to later either make a video out of it or sell it as some form of "people said this and that" in case of a written study. The way this study and these interviews were presented to people is the most important part of the story and was left out completely at least in this video. It's of importance to know if they were very clearly told that this is a pure question about their math skills or not. If they were told about the studies goal or if it was just a complete black box on why they were questioned like that. Because with uncertainty people will rather question the intention of the question. Is it to get them to say something that is against their beliefs? Is it to test whether or not they question and challenge data presented that to their eyes seems illogical? Is it to test their knowledge? And they will also question what outcome their reply will have. Is it to try and get them to be positive a law that might get introduced? Will their reply have any influence on such a law being introduced? They will immediately jump to the conclusion that this is something politically motivated and I think it was VERY obvious that that happened to many people in the video. Those questions won't arise from a skin care cream because most people know that this will just get decided by studies from pharmacy groups and that their opinion won't change that. It is very unlikely that their opinion will be used for anything as they don't know that skin cream even if it were real. Gun prohibition is not anonymous, it's very black and white, very real and politics are 100% rooted in what people say and vote for and think. I looked at the study now and while at least the question for the skin rash is printed there, the setup for the gun question is not printed there, only a description that was basically "officials in a city try to determine whether or not to introduce a law against guns. they are looking at other cities here." I am a bit disappointed in the video.
I just realized that this is very funny...you showed graphs of republican and democrat polarization in science literacy where the democrats were much higher in.  I'm a republican and when the graph showed on that screen it saddened me because I'm extremely high in science and the evidentiary nature of how science can prove or disprove with experimentation but immediately thought of how ludicrous the left is at completely doing the opposite in that they say they believe a man can be a woman etc.  so I found that graph very ironic but the funny part is that when I was in highschool I only did what I had to to pass and my girlfriend took and thrived in advanced classes but I always thought that she never had common sense skills  .  And here I laughed out loud.  The republicans..the parry of common sense not the nerdy people that know science better and  have no common sense! We republicans may be dumber but you lefties lie to yourselves as u throw common sense and science out the window as u wrestle to define what a woman is.
Yay I got it right… wait.
time waste
don’t sacrifice the level of intelligence in your videos for more views
i’m getting disappointed with how your videos are getting dumber and dumber
Our biases affect our decision making?  No way!
My answer was that I would need a chi square test to determine if the difference is significant.
The obvious conclusion is that politics decreases reasoning ability.Therefore, ban politics.
me looking at the skin cream problem: the world is doomed if they all say that its bette-
Ngl, it was way harder to do the math for the gun control one, idk why
The gun paper just have a very bad decision of "Crime Improved" vs "Crime Worsed" what does that mean? Crime improved is that it got higher, but higher is typically worse? And Crime Worsened means it gow lower and lower is improved? Like...........?????
Pretty sure that's George Bluth at 8:48, though I suppose it could be his brother Oscar...
FBI update: 😮 The updated report shows that crime actually did increase. The FBI released the update well after the debate and did not announce it. This was discovered by- you guessed it- right-leaning organizations😅
Has this study been done in other cultures beyond the highly polarized US?
"We showed incorrect evidence and people didn't believe us"
Can someone please identify the source of those two graphs at 11:41????
10:15 “It was kind of scary because they sounded just like my side” is such a powerful observation. We rely so heavily on “not being them” sometimes that similarity challenges our tribal identity in a scary way.
I love how u can see the dissapointment in Derek's face when he said " Politics " 😂
The power of conviction...
This segment, to be honest, I thought was a little too simplistic compared to other veritasium segments.  It seems to me that "results" and "cause" or "meaning" are the things that get confused.  In the cream example, the question is very simple - and while there are undoubtedly variables in the two groups that may or may not have been the same, crime is a very, very complext issue that may be the results of many, many variables.  So, to use your example, in the second set, if the question was, "Was the crime lower or higher in the gun control cities after the institution of the laws?" then perhaps the "correct" answer would be based upon the numbers shown.  However, the problem is when we attempt to ascribe a cause to the results - i.e., did gun control laws increase or decrease crime?  This cannot be answered in any way by the data shown; one can't even know if it is a "good" study that might even show a possibility.  Unfortunately, I believe that the authors of the study tried to find a "cause" - they tried to draw too much from a very small and highly complex issue.  And, I believe, that is a problem with many of our so-called pundits - they attempt to find causality when it is not even clear that all the important known variables (and undoubtedly unknown ones which might be evened out with a large enough sample size) have been evenly distributed between the two groups (and propensity scoring is a very poor attempt at doing such a thing).
This is why you need both quanitative and qualitative measures.
This is a wonderful video!
Actually what this shows is how the elites can manipulate people through data to excite certain segments of society.
Video content is literally the opposite of the title.
Well, today I learnt that my views about politics allow me to be less subjective than those who chose a side. Shocker.  (This video is great, I just made a sarcastic comment and that's it)
I agree with the conclusion, but it looks like the researchers might be mistaking a resistance to accept information for an inability to understand information. The y-axis ‘percentage getting correct answer’ just seems like an oversimplification, especially after seeing the actual interview clips.
13:23  And we actually found out later the FBI statistics were stealth edited later and showed crime had increased 4.5% or something like that after the supposed Trump lies. So yeah.
I wouldn't make the connection between getting better or worse without having a category for stayed the same and then started to analyze it in a proportional fashion.  At a glance I would have agreed and stated the cream was working.
@5:49 I don't know how to read the chart... How can crime in a city both increase and decrease?  The skin cream one I got, that's just "counting the results." But crime rates don't work that way. The chart is saying "with/without control crime went up and also down for each option." I don't get it
I think a follow up question to asking people id they could accept the truth if it was all laid out for them, is to ask if the answer would make them feel unsafe. That is the absolute crux of what determines belief in something. Republicans think removing guns will make them unsafe. Democrats think keeping them will make them unsafe. Republicans (tend to) believe trans people in bathrooms will make them unsafe. Democrats (tend to) believe that not allowing trans people in bathrooms will make trans people unsafe (especially considering most trans people are democrats or generally left leaning)
Dish channel is getting worse and worse every day.
Not me getting all the questions right and feeling smart
1st is not the intuitive answer.
Gun laws without a doubt increase crime because without laws there are no crimes.
Dan Kahan thinks he's a genius.
Now please conduct the study outside USA, I want to see if european or asian people fall for this cheap trick
I think that the numbers being made up could influence accuracy too if people weren't told before hand that they were made up. If people had researched beforehand about gun control and then you pulled out random numbers to show them they probably wont tell you those random numbers are correct. There is definitely confirmation bias used in everyone's original research but when it comes to someone pulling out a made up chart im kind of glad people dont unquestionably choose one.
People who understand math tend to also understand that most "studies" are either ill-suited to weed out variables or intentionally designed to point to a desired outcome. When it comes to guns, people are unlikely to trust the source data.  For instance, is the change in "crime rate" a matter of an increase or reduction in (a) events or in (b) events reported? I wake up before sunrise. I observe the sun rising daily, with near 100% consistency (barring extreme weather). If I start waking later, that rate may drop to as low as 0%, but I'm willing to bet the sun still rose, whether or not I observed it for myself.  Producing/reporting skewed results is often incentivized. Balancing adequate skepticism with being open to new data can be tricky. You don't have to be unbiased, but you have to be aware of your biases and be able to put them aside when analyzing data.  I have thoughts on specific issues of Left versus Right, which are compatible with observable reality versus which are delusional, but YouTube has a habit of deleting my comments seconds after I post them when I get into the details...
So maths can prove if someone is delusional or not 😂
I paused this video before any of the explanations and thought, ok with skin cream about 30% of rashes worsened and without about 20% of rashes worsened. So, easy answer and very very basic math, I’m also not good at math. I seriously wonder why not more people in this video came to this conclusion
Most people aren't going to answer a question about politics by caring about four numbers in a graph instead of actual data they've looked at in the past plus philosophical opinions about liberties and safety. It's not surprising they ignore the numbers and just tell you their opinion.
I would have to see a lot more about the goals and conclusions before I just took this conclusion as fact. I mean, the point of this video is good, but the premise is shaky if based on those 2 contrasting surveys. The problem is, the crash cream statistics are based on a controlled study. The gun crime statistics cannot, by their nature, be an equivalent controlled study.  I think a larger problem is that apparently none of the people looking at those stats thought to ask how we could possibly draw 1 to 1 causation for this input/output when there's actually a multitude of factors that go in. People demanding these sort of simple cause & effect answers to problems is a greater root of polarization than ideological differences. Because deep down, we all want the same thing - a good life for us and ours.
This is such a huge problem!! everyone with their politics has such huge confirmation bias and no one is willing to accept it!!! everyone just thinks they must be right because it makes sense to them!  some things you may actually be right about, but to think everything you believe is right cannot be true because no one is right about everything.
That is not the intuitive answer and a person who says “well, that number is bigger than that one9 is not intelligent. Your entire premise for this video is dumb.
"It's kinda like drugs" My good Sir, drugs ruins it's user’s life Guns ruin life of everyone in the area once it's fired The user, the victim, their families and the bystanders
Thats what americans get for having a two party system smh It just paints rhe picture that you are on the right side and the others on the wrong. Really effective segregation method which prohibits actual meaningful discourse and reasoning, perfectly mirrored in this little experiment. Pretty hard to "think outside the box" when you are positioned on a line, even when the problem can hardly be considered a box lmao
Regardless of what the numbers in the fake skin cream study say, they wouldn't actually mean anything.  Was the study double blind? Were the rashes all known to have the same cause? Was it the skin cream itself that made a difference or was it the simple act of applying it (or anything)? Even when we have the "numbers" we usually don't have all the facts.  Numbers might not lie, but they can certainly be used to mislead, doubly so for more complex, politically charged, social issues.
I don't feel the video is right.   Not enough information is provided to reach an answer for either question. If this was a test I would fail every single person who picked a side. The only correct answer is "I need more information", "here is a list of what I need to know to reach an actual conclusion".
Yeah no, your about 2 months late
Hahhaaha, so system 1 and system 2 by kahneman
"we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe." yep that's politics and religions alright.
this is such a incredible study on how bias effects reasoning, super cool!
This is crazy. We made up a question and its answers, and then we asked it in a way that’s unbelievable to someone so they got it wrong.   Like of course people don’t really believe it either way when they’ve seen data skewed to their beliefs elsewhere. 2016 Chicago gun violence with heavy regs was worse than 2016 Dallas gun violence with far fewer (I’m guessing). But 2016 Australia gun violence (with the heavy regs) was incredible compared to the 2016 US. And it’s telling that these people are at political rallies in the first place. Or that they didn’t question the subject unless in a panic apparently
Issue with this survey is that it's based on only one study, you can't be certain if the data is false or not. Therefore, you grab outside information
You can clearly see a bunch of sheeps who got influencent by the media. They stopped research and thinking by them self. They are biased and gullible.
This first question is too vague IMO. Better and worse in this context is too subjective.   For example, let us assume the population tested was 1000 people. This means the percentage breakdowns are as follows:                cream |    no cream better  | 22.3% |       10.7% worse  |   7.5% |         2.1% same   | 70.2% |       87.2%  If you showed this chart to people with a rash and asked them which option they would choose, I would presume their answer would be overwhelmingly 'cream'. This isn't just because of the higher' better' percentage. It is also because of the lower 'same' percentage. Also, the sheer act of proactivity is considered better by most. Also, do these statistics hold true over multiple applications? If they do, then cream is the better answer because the average applications required for cream to converge (>98% have gotten better) is ~16 less (40.25 vs 56.786 over 1000 trials)  Overall, one can correctly conclude that a 22.3% rate of improving the patient's health IS BETTER than 10.7%, even if the rate of decline is even worse.
Interestingly, there is a difference between the correct answer selection of Repulicans with an arithmetic level between 3 and 8 versus Democrats in this same range in the exercise of arms.
My political beliefs are always right, because I chose the party that's on the right.
With the skin cream, the numbers presented are all the person is being asked has to draw on. With gun control, people have been exposed to a lot of information on both sides which could bring the study and it's methodology into question. This, when asked whether gun control works, they aren't relying on just this study to make a determination
ок.
In my opinion, a large part of the problem is people cherry-picking evidence to support themselves, and then making assumptions on causation to deflect the issue whenever the evidence doesn't support them. That's probably why curiosity is more impactful than science literacy; knowing certain things doesn't necessarily mean that you want to learn more, and some people intentionally avoid researching the other side on an issue because it's uncomfortable.
What are you quantifying on the gun control graph though? On the skin rash graph, each result is the amount of individual people that had that effect, but what does each number mean in the gun control one?
My personal evaluation of a (survey) that opposed my world view would likely be that the survey was biased in order to get the conclusion they wanted. Even if it supported my world view I would still suspect that is was biased to obtain results.  I guess I am just cynical.
There is a saying that I heard a while ago from Robert Barnes that I think applies here. Motivation is the master of reason.
Excellent video and a good reminder of checking my biases.
I think a major problem here is a distrust of science, even amongst science-savvy people.  We’ve all heard of, i.e., oil companies funding climate change research and tobacco companies funding smoking research.    If someone came up to me on the street and showed me some data that said a diet of pure sugar made people healthier - I would *immediately* start questioning sources.  I don’t think this is the wrong thing to do, either.
It seems like that people shown gun graphs start agitate instead of count
This is the way we control the world. Einstein tried to warn us, instead they used his theory to develop a model to control us and make us think we're doing good. Haha its sad
I do have to question your motives when your headline says "smarter people do worse" but in every graph you showed the top group "9" did the best of all groups no matter the setup, so the headline is misleading at best. I guess "Political positions affects perception" wasn't as catchy.
This was almost interesting. I feel betrayed though, clicking on a video about math and getting a video about politics. You lied to me. I'll be less likely to click on one of your videos in the future.
Republicans ways to say that guns are good! LOL... "Where guns werent a part of the crime" lmao
The great problem is that someone have to prepare the data for you or explain them for you and you have to believe him. We have no capacity to do it ourself due to lack of knowladge, time and other resources.
I can easily follow the logic, but a question asked as it was asked will throw me off instantly. “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse?” To me, that sounds like “made the skin cream increase the rash, or did the rash diminish due to the cream.”  This approach of questions has seriously stopped me from pursuing any scientific path after I finished my university degree. I was too fed up with half baked, half thought through issues. Can’t be bothered trying to interpret what in the mind of whoever asks the question seems like a very obvious thing.
This is such dumb video relying on stupidity of Americans.
1:17 wtf are you talking about??
This is disappointingly very badly done from what I see. There's a very big difference between the experiment with the creams and the data of gun control.   The rash cream was supposedly an empirical study, where variables were controlled for. There would be no reason to doubt the numbers and take them at face value.   But when comparing cities with vs without gun control, as was stated by some of the subjects in the video, there are MOST DEFINITELY many different variables. Thise numbers on the paper would be a data point to look at for sure. But to believe in a conclusion solely based on that would be idiocy.   You CANNOT look at only those numbers and determine "gun control reduced crime" or "gun control increased crime". If one were to draw conclusions so easily, they would be the first to be brainwashed by social media.   Unless I'm missing some point in the video, the experiment does NOT support the conclusion it claims to.  No doubt, I fully agree with the conclusion. People believe what they want to believe, regardless of "intelligence". But in this video, the issue is that one who doesn't simply believe the conclusion on that paper is correct to do so. Because there are too many variables uncontrolled for, as opposed to the skin cream experiment.
Me screaming at the TV at 39 seconds in "WHERE IS THE PLACEBO? HELLO??? The plain cream without the special medicine??"   I'm at a minute in and I'm like "bro there isn't enough data -- you can't say the cream works at all with an experiment like this..."  2 minutes in: OHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Nvm Imma shut up and keep watching LOL
My dumbass got the answer right.
Every village needs an idiot.  The village idiot is critical.  The "intuitive" answer is not, in fact, intuitive.   Intelligence is not aptitude.  Then there is bias, including confirmation bias.  The average American reads at less than the 8th grade level.  Dunning Kruger is real.  The Idiocracy is upon us.  There are numerous news feed services that claim to present unbiased services.  They are not without bias.  In fact, this video is not without political bias.  That is easily proven.  Its's interesting that the video presents "this kind of critical thinking", critical thinking being a currently abused buzz phrase.  That isn't critical thinking.  It is simply following what a media source tells you to think.  It does not help you check your bias.  Go ahead and get 50% off!  LOL!
This video pretty much describes the internet.  People read 1 article and think they are 100% correct and never question themselves.  How people did not look at the numbers and do the math regardless of opinion is just plain retarded to me lmao.  If I see data in front of me, I'd do the math and get the answer on what the data is telling me regardless of what I think, especially in a test setting like this with fake data.  It is like being asked what 1+1 is and saying it equals 500.  People are weird.
Reminds me of the Cards Against Humanity political survey from quite awhile ago.
I think I am extremely lucky that I am eternally curious, I genuinely love to learn even if it’s data that disagrees with my beliefs. It’s so cool to learn more about
so crime went way down under ms harris after spiking under trump's twice-impeached embarrassing plandemic race baiting term after all, fox news agrees
so crime went way down under ms harris after all, fox news agrees
The gun gun control experiment is highly flawed, because people would naturally compare the actually studies & information they know to be correct against your fictitious study--just as many people completely disregarded the nonsense polls & that random huge "surge" they showed Kamala had. Lol. You can show me a paper with whatever number on it, if you told me Kamala was smart & not on cocaine, IDC what study you used, the truth proves it false. 🤷🏻‍♂🤣
so, russians can't be fixed? what a surprise ...
If there's questions like what's trending on tiktok, I wouldn't know the answer.  I don't even know what tiktok is.
Please don't use "heartbeat" music 4:21. It makes some of us panic. I was really enjoying this and now, even though l've gone past that point and, the volume of it has gone down, it's all my ADHD brain can focus on and, the speed of the beat is affecting MY heart rate and making me want to panic. It's unbelievably frustrating and happens in so many videos that use non copyrighted music. I absolutely don't understand why so many creators have started putting music AND speech at the same time. It adds nothing and for many of us takes away everything. I've had to pause this and hope l can slow my heartbeat enough to watch the rest.
Came for math. I already have too much people talking about politics.
This is totally off on what is being asked. this isnt asking about numbers, this is asking about people operating off of incomplete data. Everyone that answered their quiz was wrong, if they only recorded the people that responded to them, then 100% of the participants were wrong. The correct answer is "it depends on the number of people tested, and you havn't provided that data". If the assumption is that it is evenly split, then the answers based off of ratios is incorrect, if more people had their rash recover using a creme than not, then it works, and side effects are an entirely different metric. This entire video is about the effectiveness of propaganda which is what uninformed people generally operate off because they are not willing to or unable to educate themselves on a topic before drawing a conclusion.
I’m assuming this was explained to the people participating, but just looking at the chart when applied to guns doesn’t make sense. How are there both more and less crimes at the same time? 7:53
I’m assuming this was explained to the people participating, but just looking at the chart when applied to guns doesn’t make sense. How are there both more and less crimes at the same time? 7:53
So if you solve it, are you smart or dumb?
You ask for highly aware and balanced communication in a world where populism and propaganda wins😢
While interesting, I think this overlooks one big potential factor: trust. Given the way numbers and facts can be cherry-picked or outright lied about these days, and the rampant distrust in media in general, there's a significant number of people who might distrust both the numbers and the source. In that case, it's not so much that they're getting the math wrong as they don't believe the numbers or question are legitimate to begin with. It's a shame that this is so, but it's where we've wound up. But for many, it's not just a matter of belief over-riding objective observation, but belief making them question if they're being lied to, and unfortunately the rampant use of propaganda has made that a common response.
Hahahaha, this just shows how little people trust "studies"
This isn’t going to be uncommon in the veritasiam community but you know I had to whip out the calculator. I’m politically conservative but luckily I didn’t get any of the questions wrong, which doesn’t mean much as we had an advantage just seeing the thumbnail of this video. But to anyone who got it right I’m sure there was a second where you went, so am I dumb?
One thing I think a lot of commenters forget is we are viewing these questions with the knowledge of what is being studied. We know to look out for results that oppose our belief but that’s not true for participants
conservatives don't dislike gun control because they think it will increase crime.  They don't believe in gun control because they believe in individual liberty. they believe you have a right to defend yourself with guns. whether or not that causes an overall increase in crime is largely irrelevant. They want the ability to protect themselves from others.
don't have that burden, still no good just different problems, best i can come up with is balance(but that also somewhat relative)
Realistically, a conclusion could be drawn from neither of these hypotheses. Too many variables means all data is inconclusive. Even something as simple as the rash question had too little controls to reliably prove anything 🤷🏼‍♀️ I’d be curious to see how many people like that one lady earlier in the video also came to this conclusion.
Best scientists would have gotten the first one wrong as well
I expected more from Veritasium than a pointless exercise. You are missing the point by using the crime subject alone. Some people do not come to a conclusion of gun or no gun by crime statistics. They also factor in the defense of tyranny or invasion. This solidifies their position regardless of crime statistics. This caused them to defend their position subconsciously.
This is also how they botch studies about all kinds of things.... especially around 2020....
The data doesn't make any sense on the first question. This is such trash "research"
I'm sorry but, hypothetically you have 426 people for a skin cream test and your control is less than half your test sample size? Couldn't that skew your data? I'd imagine unaccounted variables would have a more noticeable impact if the sample sizes are so different. Say 20% of people have an unknown allergy to the drug. You shoved 60% of your people in one group. Every person you add to the test group increases the chance of the next having that allergy until you get one that does. Wouldn't you overpopulate the test group with unidentified variables with thus skew?
The problem is they done this near a university? 🤡🌏🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
p_value = 0.9999580616671025 >> 0.05 Which means that observations from the cream group have a high probability of happening randomly. So, we cannot reject the null hypothesis that the cream did not work. I'd like to present a statistical analysis of the cream problem: Data Considered : The one given in the video Its fair to assume cream works independently on each person so the set of trials follow a Binomial Distribution Null Hypothesis : Applying cream is no better than not applying cream Given the null hypothesis, P(Rash Cures)  = 107/128 = p  Using the python code given below to calculate the p-value:  from math import comb p_val = 0 for i in range(223, 298): 	binomial_coeff = comb(298, i) 	p = 107/128 	t1 = p**i 	t2 = (1-p)**(298-i) 	p_val += binomial_coeff *t1*t2 print(p_val)  p_value = 0.9999580616671025 >> 0.05  Which means that observations from the cream group have a high probability of happening randomly. So, we cannot reject the null hypothesis that the cream did not work.
My guess is that elites have known this for millenia and have used this maliciously for almost as long.
Another thing to consider is when people don't care about numbers and don't just ignore them in pursuit of confirmation bias. If there is data showing that crime rates drop if people are not permitted to leave house after sunset, I wouldn't care.  We are all willing to permit some suffering in order to have our way of life preserver. People die every day on road crashes and we don't ban cars because we value convenience they bring more then an increase in lives lost they cause.  I think this was the main point of confusion during covid. One side valued saving extra lives over economic stability and personal freedom and the other side valued economic stability (which could be argued that saves lives as well) and personal freedoms over extra lost lives (just like we all do with cars). And instead of having a civilised conversation based on data and values we had a lot of fabrications and vilification of the opposition.
This study specifically targets Conservative Republicans and Liberal Democrats. We already know the fringes on both sides are screwy, that's why you should choose to believe nothing unless it is proven to you. Of course, in an earlier Veritasium video, he discusses the landmark paper by Stanford researcher John Ioannidis, titled "Why Most Published Research Findings Are False," and shows how often studies in themselves are flawed. So, I guess we should just live and enjoy life because there isn't a single person on earth who thinks they're wrong.
i did good so i'm a moron?
I don’t understand what I’m missing. Using the skin cream problem. There are two groups. Group A and group B.  Group A has used the skin cream. Group B did not use the skin cream.  Group A has 298 people in that group. Out of the 298 people 223 saw improvement. Whereas 75 did not see improvement.   Group B has 128 people in that group. Out of that 128 people 107 saw improvement and 21 did not see improvement.   My problem is that the group sizes are different you’re comparing something of size X to something of size 2X   How am I to look at this and say that using the cream worse than not using the cream when my sample sizes are different.
I believe these kinds of studies are conducted to figure out ways to manipulate the next generation.
Did these guys look to see to what extent numeracy correlates to being "informed"?
When people measure differences in intelligence, they aren't measuring what you can accomplish
No waaay people have biases??  I’m so shocked
The most interesting part about this video is how in many cases the people with a low numeracy got the right answer in less than 50%. If they just guessed theyd be much more likely to get the right answer. Thats insane.
People getting emotional stops them from thinking rationally? What a waste of time
I'd be curious to hear more about how they analyzed or accounted for perceived or actual expertise in the topics presented.  How many people who have genuine interest and previous experience with medical studies or skin treatments (e.g. dermatologists and people who've undergone treatment for skin conditions) were among the respondents? How familiar with gun regulation data are the respondents? Do any of them live in the cities mentioned and may they have been privy to reasons and data presented/reported before or after?   I don't think the answers to those questions invalidates the points about bias. But I do think it's important to consider the nature and sources of biases. Otherwise, we run the risk of treating biases or 'polarized positions' as equals and thus assume that efforts to engender curiosity and openness to conflicting data among differing groups will look the same.
This brings up some interesting questions. For one, I would like to know about respondents' tendency, regardless of the question, to ask about methods of data collection AND actual knowledge of the topic.  Who asks questions like "who conducted the study and how exactly were the participants/datasets selected?" Or says something to the effect of "this study supports/contradicts a lot of the data I've seen, I'd want to see their citations or limitations."
This puts my in mind of something i learnt the “Cautionary Tales” podcast. They talked to one of the worlds top forecasters. He said for every position he took he always writes down, what’s it would take to make him change his position. He baked in that flexibility from the start
I just immediately used cross multiplication
Money funds science and politics dictates money so we are all screwed.
I think this is the case because the 'smart' people think they already know the answer and in school we always learn methods to make up the steps if you just remember the ans but forget the process.
There's quite a big problem with this study.  The problem is that we replaced an "experimental cream" with a "gun," meaning one is an unknown variable, and the other is an observable variable.   Since this is fictitious data, these numbers become irrelevant because the correct answer is non-existent in the studies. So, the numbers are ignored in place of observable variables from the lived experience.    Not to mention, such nuanced problems (e.g., gun problem) almost, if not never, have binary solutions but rather fractal solutions.
"It is in just such stupid things clever people are most easily caught. The more cunning a man is, the less he suspects that he will be caught in a simple thing. The more cunning a man is, the simpler the trap he must be caught in."  - Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
When it comes to gun control, it doesn't matter the numbers. The 2nd amendment is above the government. It is God given, regardless of party.
I got rash worsened for the first version by using proportional reasoning but in a different way. I divided 223 by 107 and 75 by 21. I found that while twice the number of people who used the cream noticed an improvement, 3.5x as many people noticed it getting worse. I therefore decided that it makes it worse more than it makes it better.
Numbers don't lie. But people who look at the data do.
the gun control question makes no damn sense. both city types have reduced crime? based on what? make a better question.
Ah yes...the smarter you are, the less likely you're going to get employed easily
"people" and "american people" are not the same :D
I don't agree that on average the cream makes it worse. On average, the cream makes it better. The average of 223 and -75 is 74, and the average of 107 and -21 is 43. The original question is worded vaguely to the point where it's unclear what statistic it's really asking for, but the more specific claim that the cream makes it worse on average is not true.
This would have been far better and more useful if you had led with the gun control question, then we could have had to  face our own biases; instead, you defanged it by making it about skin cream and allowed us to assume that we are among the smart ones who would have figured it out either way.
this is why i live by the philosophy of "question everything" even your own answers are worth looking at, since even if you're right, how did you get there? are your own biases coloring your answer? are they preventing you from really looking at all of the information in front of you?  it's all too easy to let bias control you, and unless you're willing to step back and watch for it, you may never realize it's there. if you never know it's there, you'll never be able to take control back
Very interesting study. "group think" is definitely more and more of an issue with social media. I think being more of a critical thinker and questioning everything would avoid this but most of the population seems to prefer being told what to think without questioning its validity with facts.
But there's no evidence here, and there isn't even an attempt is there? to ask whether the people are deliberately and intentionally substituting a political response instead of a math response.  In fact some make it explicit in the video clips that they are deciding to NOT answer on a math basis.  One clip even has the experimenter pleading "the numbers are made up" but the guy answering is not having it.  No, this is about politics.    And aren't they right to view it that way?  The experimenter might insist but if they really wanted to test the math they'd have stuck with hand cream and everybody knows that.  So this is NOT testing how much worse your math is under political discussions.  it's measuring how much right wing people (ie both Democrats and Republicans) will become tribal about stuff when you  drop a hint that it's a tribal question.  it's not showing poor math skills or distorted logic.  Maybe that does exist but it's not being measured here.   it's showing great sensitivity to tribalist situations where the "correct" answer is no longer about math at all.  I'd suggest a cash prize for the "mathematically correct" answer and stress the numbers are "just random".  Also I'd suggest having two groups, one where the experimenter seems to be a member of the tribe and one where they appear to be a member of the other tribe.  This test and it's proposed conclusion seems a bit of a fraud.
You may just as well present a fictitious research study whose data show that distilled water doesn’t reduce thirst and check the proportion of people who can reach the same conclusions. Gun control measures do reduce crime. It is just about factual as it can be. Global warming is real and does increase global average temperature. It is not an opinion. Presenting something that you firmly believe is true obviously interferes with math reasoning.
@vlogbrothers explain this
Bro, but am I stupid or not?
This really shows how powerful confirmation bias is.
premise false. dumn ppl wouldve answered like the gentlemen. number bigger, better. but intelligent (moderately even) see that the numbers tell another story
Once you shift from a topic that is "essoteric" to one where people SEE and intuit the truth about a know topic, it changes the dynamic.  See, there is no sitaution where gun control actually reduces crime.  The inverse is more typically true.  So, this "study" is garbage.  Show me a study that says the sun comming up increases temperature and one showing the opposite.  The one showing the opposite is facially absurd, so it's no longer an apples for apples comparrison.  The fact that this is difficult to see IS explained by over "education" which these days, is no longer about how to think and much more about what is OK to think.
The first question itself if 8th class math🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Borg
Oh I should do well here !
14+ minutes video just to tell us bias is a thing.
So the title should actually be "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse 𝗧𝗵𝗮𝗻 𝗘𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱" ?
What if the people with a higher numeracy score causes them to be concerned that the data was not the entire picture? There could have been a confounding variable and so just taking the data at face value would be wrong.  Now granted, no one was concerned about this when it was just face cream but instead just trusted the data. Yet when it became political it challenged a prior belief, they did. But this makes sense. If I already believe something to be true, when I am presented with new information that challenges that belief, am I expected to just immediately and automatically reject my current belief and whole heartedly accept a completely contrary one? That’s insane and only an idiot would do that.  Instead, since I posses critical thinking skills, I will first look for holes in the new information. Can it be trusted? Once I am sure the new information is correct, then I would begin to reconcile it with my current beliefs. And yet anyone who had studied statistics should know, one study doesn’t make the gold standard. Show me multiple studies with the same result. Show me a meta analysis that demonstrates the claim and now we are talking.   So while on the surface what you are saying is true, I think the cause is a deeper one.
I just stopped reasoning when it seemed to me that the control group had less people overall than the experimrntal group, I must be quite stupid as well
I'm not American but close friends an relative to a few. The one mayor thing I see is that solutions to problems are presented like McDonald's Combos, all or nothing.  Reality is different than that.
The way to avoid these biases is not to have a higher level of math skill, but to not have a tribe. Belong to many different communities (plurality), but don't tie your identity and belonging to any one group
Would be interesting to see this done in a place where not everything is “us vs them” and “there are only two options.” USA is a horrible example for things due to this, and this only shows how the “there’s only two options” makes things very bad.
Use people who are less likely to be influenced by the tribe to make decisions or at least provide information to decision makers. E.g. autisitic people.
TL;DR register as an independent so your decisions are tied to logic instead of party.
people are very bad in working with data because they often forget to calculate in all factors, its hard for their monkey brain to think of all the factors
How is this study determining these peoples' numeracy? It keeps relating the results to their numeracy, but how was that measured?
I would like to also point out one important thing on political questioning. Everyone is used to political data being manipulated. To the point that people tend to ignore all data because they assume it's a lie. This is especially true on the most politically charged issues.   We have seen this constantly with the gun control issue specifically by inclusion of suicides in gun deaths or only listing gun deaths instead of total homicides.  In short, when you are used to being lied to it's logical to be suspicious of data that is presented to you
What a great video, really shines light on the similarities of all people. I’m glad you made this video in hopes to help people understand  that we shouldn’t insult opposing opinions but rather try to understand points of views, humans as a whole want the same things. I know experience and surrounding plays a big part in opinions and political beliefs, but we shouldn’t oppress people based on their experiences or beliefs, rather try to understand to formulate a better opinion and not just formulate by bias.
This explains why everyone hates ObamaCare but loves The Affordable Care Act.
This is such a disappointment its not even funny.
If you cant tell the glaring difference in these 2 questions and about their "data" you are not very bright.
If you can't figure out how BS this "study" is then you deserve to be deceived by these people.   As soon as you make it political it throws the mere data into question.    This is low iq sophist trash.
I am in the middle of the video, but hopefully Veritasium is going to speak about people already having previous data and thus conflicts more with just one "study" saying something so plain, like getting complicated subjects and reducing it to one number without any other information does not show bias on the answer, just show that one problem was just oversimplified and people can not compare the oversimplified version with the real version of the problem.
i was prepared to get it wrong but when i looked at it my reaction was Ahh!American Maths
This study, or at least different variations on this study have been done many times and there is an overarching theme in all of them. That theme is that people that have very high cause/effect scores, and very high numeracy scores have a very pronounced blind spot over their political beliefs. Yet another instance of belief making people stupid.
10:20 A beautiful sentiment that is absolutely worth thinking about all the time.
Mandatory logic, bias, and fallacy education in public school curriculums.  Please.
I think that a more sensible way to look at this is.. accommodating prior principles and utilizing them abstractly when looking at data makes sense even if it contrasts the numerical data that they see... I would say that if someone has strong, logically coherent principals which are based on prior data... new data should not throw off their entire set of conclusions away.. it should only deviate it slightly given that it is a single new piece of data ... (Bayes theorem is a lovely example to look into where we update prior believes whilst staying consistent with the prior believes)...  the simplest example would be that if you believe... say the Earth is round, based on scientific faith, appearance of horizon, observed gravity, and observed shape of the moon.... a single piece of data which says a hypothetical (or even real situation) of '97 out of a 100 people believe that the Earth is flat', would at most make you extremely extremely mildly skeptical of your prior belief that the Earth is round, because even if what appears in front of you claims itself to be a 100% reliable information, it wouldn't make sense to now believe 0% of the 4 factors you've personally experienced...   and since you hold strong to what you know, you would either mildly adjust your prior believes to accommodate this new data... or you would reject the validity of the data in front of you when contrasted with what you know so far  another example is.... you've tossed a 100000 coins, which averaged to 49700 heads and 50300 tails... and then you tossed another coin 50 times out  of which 45 of them were tails... undoubtedly, there is a statistically significant oddity in the coin you've tossed 50 times... but you would either now say... 'it is less reliably unbiased now and has a 'chance' of not being exactly unbiased'... or you would claim that this coin is different to the others
1:17. No, that isn't the intuitive answer.
I saw the title and clicked hoping the because I’m not that smart I’d come to the corrected answer  but my first thought on seeing the graphs was it’s not that simple I need more information. There are many factors to consider and it’s actually not that hard to manipulate the same data to make it show whatever you want. All in all this was very interesting but I’m not sure it’s accurate to say that that the smarter people got the answers wrong when they didn’t support their beliefs, from the brief clips showed it’s more that saw the correct answer but rejected the validity of the study what’s more interesting is if anyone questioned the validity of the skin cream trial or do people only pull out their intelligence when their beliefs are questioned.
This is an eye opening research on our preconceived notions or beliefs.  I invite anyone who reads this to read and learn about Islam from the authentic Islamic sources.
Don't forget, a Republican led Congress created a rule that Congress itself is NOT ALLOWED to even collect gun related data, so maybe we start there?
7:37 this doesnt say much - it looks like an artifact caused by high scores for high-numeracy people on the cream test. This means they have more to lose. Otherwise similar groups, no huge numeracy effect. Similarly (not the same) for the climate change beliefs: it could be because smart people are more confident in their reasoning; average joes hedge their bets more. Not the same explanation, but also just an artifact, not very convincing.
Woah, UofA in a Veritasium video! Bear Down!
As someone who would likely score high in numeracy (I'm an engineer), certain portions of my ideology are not founded solely in data. For example, I'm pro-gun, and will be even if you present to me that 20% of society will die to gun fire.   Every ideological position and freedom has an associated cost. One cost of free speach is that nazis can defend their horrid ideology. One cost of gun rights is that guns are more readily available, both for good and for bad. I deem that cost an acceptable trade off for the right. Similarly i deem that a 75 mph speed limit is worse the cost of the slight increase in probability i will die or be horribly disfigured in the event of an accident.  At the core of most government restrictions are the balance of rights and safety, where "safety" can and often does include the number of deaths having a freedom costs. And anyone who says "no deaths are acceptable" is being intellectually dishonest or is ignorant.
The way the results are presented is misleading: Because Veritasium says there’s 1 group of patients randomly distributed to treatment or no-treatment groups. But this didn’t happen because group sizes are different and therefore the results presentation is misleading.
To be fair, the guy around 6:36 wasn't necessarily saying that those numbers proved anything, rather that the numbers were wrong, and that the survey was biased. I assume he was given the pseudo data that said gun control increased crime, which goes against actual data that proves the opposite. He is probably familiar the actual statistics, hence why he debated the legitmacy of the numbers. If you count those who argue against the validity of the data as those who ignore their numeracy skills due to politics, then that is a misinterpretation of the people being interviewed.
Studies and evidence are of course not the same as facts. Anyone with a reasonable amount of experience with and exposure to a field suffers from the idea of knowing the facts. Then being exposed to contradicting evidence does trigger both a defense reaction and - if the person is open minded - the long queue of partial information that assembles the whole ... after they vetted that evidence. The fact that study "loses" against the bulk of prior information doesn't make these people wrong on the matter. I think that conclusion is an overinterpretation of the experiment.
my data error was thinking the sample sizes were the same,  which means the cream increased the number of rashes that got better AND the number of rashes that got worse, - with the number of rashes that remained the same unreported.  therefore, the correct answer to the question is "yes."
We will never ever all agree on everything because who knows what's really right and wrong. We're all kinda guessing together. Except science, people should really listen to science more
Did you just say 'South East Florida'?
"if it's on paper and that's the way it is, I would have to go with that" .... said the Trump supporter. EEyup, regular ol' grounded in facts and reasoning.
That was a great video ty
Motivated Reasoning.  If you're a trial attorney you better know your jury.
The reason results were flat at 50% when skin rash numbers were reversed is because they were guessing. 50% chance of a correct answer with 2 choices
So what this study proves is that politics makes people ignore nonsense statistical data and approach problems from real-world perspectives.
Using ONLY Americans, for sure even the ones considered ‘smart’ are going to be dumb.
I said this years ago. If every voter registered as independent, it would force politicians to actually bring about a plan for the next 2 to 4 yrs, rather than just trying to bring down the other side. Elections would be very different!
Thinking for a minute instead of blurting out an answer is key to getting these correct.
Imagine, now, that ALL of us "picking a team" are being Made to do that, pushed in certain directions with propaganda. What IF we have So Much in common, we are driven APART Purposefully, in order that the ACTUAL "problems" aren't even LOOKED ATor Considered because we are SO Diatracted. We The People CAN do better
The People willing to think Outside of a box are my kind of people. There's not a Single school that "gets" these types of people. Reasoning and Logic are Crucial for survival - a framed piece of paper doesn't matter.
u all disgust me  Smarter People Do Worse ye smarter pp don't understand proportion  sadly im dubm couse get b8
Food for thought: "The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." -- Winston Churchill  “The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.” -- Richard P. Feynman   “I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.” -- Richard P. Feynman    “I'm smart enough to know that I'm dumb.”    “Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts” -- Richard P. Feynman  "The Greatest Enemy of Knowledge is not Ignorance, It is the Illusion of Knowledge” --Stephen Hawking  “There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true.” -- Soren Kierkegaard
What I find misleading about the rash question is that the two numbers that are given do not total up to the sample size. A rash does not get either better or worse, the same is true for crime.  If not mentioned and not deductible, sample sizes are assumed to be the same, which in turn makes the cream more likely to improve the skin. I argue that this is the exact reason this question was proposed. It is ironically a misleading study about the dangers of misleading studies.  I propose a different question that does not have the same flaw as either the cream or the guns: Does spraying an apple slice with white Monster energy drink prevent browning?                                            browning | no browning Sprayed with monster :           223 | 75 Control                           :           107 | 21  By creating a question where the situation improving is not an option, the sample size becomes derivable from two data points.  What is misleading about the experiment is that they claim people's logical reasoning changes based on pre-assumptions about the subject; however, what really changes is merely somebody's interpretation of the question. Which is far less of a groundbreaking result.
Beautiful
Its a philosophy I learned from my great great Grandparents that if you are sick the pharmacist said you don't want to eat chicken but I did and got better but the truth you got better slower and not as refreshed as you could've. Then I went😮
7:47 minutes into the video. My hypothesis on the reason for smarter people doing worse is pretty simple. Its philosophical and just plain human nature. The smarter you are the more you think you know. The more you know the more confident you are in your beliefs. The more confident you are in your beliefs the more likely your bias blinds your eyes.  Makes sense. I bet if people actively tried to be 5% more humble we would also gain 5% more intelligence in the process :D.
Well, if you want to find out whether strict gun control works, you don’t need to be particularly smart or have any advanced numerical skills. Just come to Brazil and spend some time walking the streets of any major city daily (to speed things up) or any city at all (if you have more time to spare). You’ll find out for sure—the hard way.  If you're really in a hurry, try walking at night anywhere here. You'll get your answer very quickly. Oh, and by the way, make sure to carry some money with you—they tend to get quite upset if you have nothing to offer. And, well, they might use their gun to vent their frustration. Yes, they have all the guns they want—they’re outlaws, remember? They don’t care about the law, and they know you don’t have a gun (unless you’re a police officer).
All this shows is that bias does not discriminate intelligence.
Video doesn't make any sense without knowing the sample size
it's about politics if you're murican
NO VILLAINISING THE OTHER SIDE - wise words
My first thought was, that of 128 people with no cream 107 people got better naturally (around 83 %) and 21 got naturally worse (17%). If you got 298 people that used skin cream and asume the percentages where right 248 people should have gotten better naturally. So the cream acutally worsens it :D
confirmation bias?
I HAVE PREACHED THIS FOR YEARS... INSTEAD OF TALKING ABOUT OPINION TALK ABOUT WHY THAT OPINION HOLDS WEIGHT AND DEFFER TO EACHOTHER INSTEAD OF ARGUING
So one conclusion was that we can fight climate change bwtter if we don't acknowledge it exists even though we know it does? I doubt it. And even if true, is that the kind of coddling we'd want to foster?
There are serious methodological issues substituting a skin cream question with a gun control question. One is mechanism of action. Another is that conservatives are unlikely to trust research they perceive to come from an ideologically slanted source, I.e. academia.
People hear what they wanna hear eh...
People hear what they wanna hear eh...
The only reason I got this right is because I'm always paranoid about sample sizes in studies.  Too many people trying to manipulate the data to force a specific conclusion.
The title is as much clickbait as it is false that smarter people are likelier to get it wrong.. The dumber you are, the easier it is to get a question like this wrong.
02:00 "A nationally diverse sample of Americans" Ah yes. All people from the planet of America.
I don't have ideals. I'm 100% logical
Well I did get 1st question right so does that mean I am smarter or dumber?
Don’t use trigger words like “climate change” well it was global warming but we chanced it because that triggered people should we change it again? I don’t think semantics is the problem. I think it’s a failure to be emotionally intelligent. To analyze our feelings and the fact we are all fallible to tribal thinking.
I'm sorry but this was a poorly designed experiment that doesn't actually prove anything other than that if you show random people on the street bad data presented in a purposely misleading and unintitive format and ask for a quick answer on camera of what they're looking at then yeah, you're going to trip people up
A very humbling video. Goes to show that we always have room to improve our reasoning skills, no matter how smart people say we are
So the title was misleading..
Imagine answering a math exam with your political view and expecting to pass the test.
How do you get asked the same question twice and answer differently, come on people
The question you asked was incorrect and confusing.
This will be my question to interviewees in coming weeks....nice logical reasoning question and the anwers could be very diverse
people don't believe the truth but what they want to believe wow,  who would have thought
7:05 lmao look at that cognitive dissonance among the conservative group. The separation between those 2 red lines is insane
Was the sample size the same? Did everyone respond with get better or get worse? Was there a stay the same answer not in the table? Questions had to be asked.😊
As a schizophrenic, developing a tribe on your own of your own components to have a group to fit in resonates on a different level. This whole condition reminds me of holding a senate meeting of your own different components.  "I recognize the liver for 5 minutes."  "UrrURRgurr"  "Translator?"  "He says he wants a burrito."  "Noted."
So the data pretty much shows that people with extreme biases are likely more stupid. Sounds accurate to me! We need more curious people.
I did some basic calculator math to determine the cream makes it a little bit worse. The percentage of worsening for people who took the cream was about 10-ish percent higher than those who did not.
I think the only thing this proves is how dumb the experiment is and the people conducting it. When you talk about cream people understand what the SOLE variable is and what the numbers mean. Also they have no pre-existing information on the matter, which means all they have to go on is the numbers presented, which in turn make logical sense as said before. When you change that to a more complex question, gun violence, crime etc, it is unclear (and you could not explain) what the number means nor what the variable is that you are measuring. People know complex issues have a large number of variables, you coming at them with numbers that you yourself cannot explain what they measure or mean or come from it is not unreasonable for people to not trust you or your numbers. Instead they will revert to previous knowledge and official statistics, such as - the areas with strictest gun laws having more gun crime, cities having more crime, certain cultural backgrounds having more crime, certain economic backgrounds having more crime. Once again Veritasium demonstrates to be in the same league as NDG when it comes to science and does not even realize the fundamental flaws in his "experiment". The only lack of reasoning demonstrated here was your own.
In a way it’s a bit of a trick question. Demanding an immediate answer, in front of a camera, and playing on people’s assumptions that the test and control groups would be the same size.  If you explain the methodology before showing the results, ie in this case explained that the 2 groups are of different sizes, people would instantly understand the proportionality. No one should ever consume the results of for example polling, without first understanding the methodology employed.  In any case, people challenging the conduct or conclusions of the analysis is not the same as improperly interpreting the results.
yea pretty disappointed I thought I was gonna get it wrong  but you just have to look at it from a mathematical angle
I tend to get a lot of things right ... but that's because I hate everyone. That is not a sensible approach for most people.
For the algorithm
I think part of the issue is that stats and numbers are not meaningful in isolation.   For example, when looking at clinical trials there is the question of significance. There might not be a large statistical significance but when it comes to something that may save lives, the clinical significance is much more important to consider. For example a treatment may only be efficacious in 1 in 100 people but is it worth it for that 1?   So when folks are looking at data that may be on a political talking point, they aren’t necessarily looking at the numbers themselves. They are considering what those numbers represent in the real world and how it impacts people.
And yet again we see that politics blind people, specially the easy-to-manipulate americans
Sadly, it seems, one side of the political spectrum leans heavily on science and data and real findings. The other side, seems to rely heavily on emotion and hearsay and anecdotes. if it really came down, in real life, to a clearcut table and evidence, I only know of one side of the political spectrum that would actually be interested in that and rely on that.
Once propagandised, they don't have an open mind anymore even if they say so 😂
The problem with this study is that morals/beliefs are simply not based on numerical data. You can judge who is more curious/intelligent/well-educated on a scale of one to ten but that doesn’t why the data is accurate. I can say people who believe in unicorns should be elected president and some will perceive them as creative leaders and others will say they only see small children who dissect the world around them inaccurately. In other words, values are values, numbers are numbers, and at the end of the day, if our world was going into a chaotic phase then the last thing people are gonna think about is how trustworthy your word is and they will instead try to take it into their own hands and solve the problem instead of trying to see who is superiorly educated. People’s minds are beyond a linear thinking system. Those who have high critical thinking are in fact more intelligent because they are quicker to come to a straightforward logical conclusion instead of worrying about small details while those low in critical thinking skills may perceive your questions as intimidating and will be unable to come to a straight answer simply because they could not find one. This is simply no different from most studies and all it did was painted people in a bad light for a solid 14 minutes for some people to listen to your silly study. And that may have been your goal, but it was not explained accurately. TDLR: morals are subjective and that doesn’t make people stupid
That last graph makes Republicans look smarter than Democrats.
I would prefer to see something where people's hackles were not so raised, like "mental health before/after listening to Taylor Swift"  Any numbers to do with anything political (especially in a case where you are approached by someone in the street) are almost certainly manipulated or selected with bias.  Basically, ask people questions about things they care about but not things that could reasonably be expected to be manipulated.
I got all of the questions right!!!  ...wait
I wasn't expecting this to be about politics, but it's refreshing to see someone share my stance on the matter. It's not about red or blue being right, it's about doing what's right even if it's opposite or neither. Me? I'm neither red or blue- which I honestly think has helped me avoid falling for propaganda sometimes, since I'm willing to acknowledge when either is wrong and/or either is right. I'm just someone who believes that people should be able to get what they need, under just leaders who want people to live good lives.
I did it the other way, the cream hurts ~5x as many people to only help ~2x as many people
I feel like this video tried to stay politically neutral but... Low numeracy number (range 0 to 5) , democrats vs republicans : 30-40% of democrats got it right, aka random answer maybe against their political belief. 10-25%  of republicans got it right. Way less open to being wrong
Causation is not equal to correspondence, in the absence of other data, many presume otherwise. There are often 3rd+ inputs on a question posed on binary choices.
"What does the data show?" "Well, what does my tribe feel about that data? I must answer this correctly so that I can still be a part of my tribe. But, of course, I am very open minded!"
Barring asking random people about statistics, the questions are just not equivalent. When you ask about skin cream, it is a reasonable assumption that those are single people, the total is ~300 and ~130 for both groups. When you ask about the gun control, what are you even talking about? Is it that per capita worsened or got better? What's the size of the effect on particular city? If you are familiar with any population statistics the most rational assumption would be to take it as per 100k people delta effect, in which case the first set of number shows that gun control is a big crime increase in the first case and is a big decrease in the second example, which is the exact opposite of what you've said in the video. The only way it can be interpreted as you wanted it to, is those numbers are per city, but also controlled for size of effect and per capita, in which case it makes 0 sense to refer to it per city because it's no longer a city but some nebulous size marker. Of course there were no people that talked about that in the video and I get it, the whole idea of the video is about tribalism, I cannot help but think this is just bad science if you're going to exclude people that understand statistics from the get go. As a person that, more or less, understands a little of it, my first thought if presented with this gun statistic this way is "Are you trying to lie to me by omitting the measure/size of effect?". TL;DR Not the same questions, you would have to actually not know anything about statistics to come to the same conclusion as the video about the second question.
We need to hold the media accountable for their unethical practices. If the American people weren't constantly mislead and lied to, there would be a lot less confusion, hate and animosity towards each other.
I’m able to analyze situations more accurately and avoid mistakes.
6:39 What in the f?
This isn't really a valid comparison though. A skin cream meant to treat rashes is a one variable problem, gun control and the relation to crime is very different as it's not a controlled experiment. It's not the only variable that affects the outcome. Where is the city located? What was the local/national economy like during the study timeframe? What "crimes" are being counted in the study? All of those variables affect the outcome. There are a lot of unknowns and when that happens people are more likely to rely on their prior knowledge of a subject to reach a determination. No one's mind is going to be changed due to a single data point. It's a multi-dimensional issue while the skin cream is one-dimensional issue and you have no prior knowledge of the cream to draw on.
The conclusion I arrived was quite a different one. My conclusion is that the best political strategy is to make your side the more convincing for dumb folks. They are the majority numerically,  and the easiest to convince.  So , talking about statistics and tendencies is a losing strategy.  You better make simple, easy to digest propaganda, and you can even lie and get away with it,  if you drag simple,  stupid base to the voting booth.
I think you got it wrong. Educated = learnt to seek anwers according to most patterns one met during studying. Smarter = straight up laughing at this easy questions... It's not weird, it's just that education doesn't teach you to think ;)
If I find the right answer right away it mean i'm dumb as a rock ?
I think it makes sense for people not to believe a table at face value. Many of the test subjects seem to bring up valid concerns for an alternative hypothesis to be true. And so they forget what the question was. "What does this table say about guncontrol?" The experiment presumes that people should put aside skepticism when presented with data to draw the "right" conclusion. But the right conclusion for the experiment is to correctly interpet the table. While the right conclusion for the subjects is to form a believe on gun control. Isn't this experiment more on trusting information that goes contrary to your previous beliefs ratehr than correctly identifying the "right" answer. And should people be skeptical when presented data that goed contrary to their beliefs?
Here the skin cream data shown people were the  control . 😊❤
Hmm, questionable scientific results. Tbf, in political questions, people seem to be answer the question on a general level and treating the data table just as one piece of evidence. That is why they are talking so much extra and bringing points to support their argument. Yes I know the interviewers say the data is made up, but it doesn't seem to matter. I think this experiment is poorly designed and thus the results seem corrupted imo.
Clickbait
These are basic math questions. sigh.
How do we know that this video is not just your belief? Huh xD maybe you changed the data when it contradicted you
OK but how do we make the  leap between misunderstanding proportions and unrestrained hate against the other tribe? It's propaganda and manipulation that to stupid people will override even straight forward statistics.
Were they told they were fictitious studies? If not, the experimental cream is a more neutral question to look at. You have no prior knowledge of the cream's efficacy, as opposed to something like gun control.
7:04 why is the line dotted here?
I would've further twisted the study - cream vs no cream resulting in increased/decreased crime and gun control vs no gun control resulting in rash worsening/improving. and then I would've exclusively asked christians and atheists.  what would any of the data mean? who knows? it just seemed fun.
Instinctively, I stopped the video and knew to make it to, what percentage of people in each group got better? I can’t see how anyone doesn’t but you see who got elected president.
I appreciate what’s being done here but starting with a topic that no one thinks about and then bringing in another topic with the same data set but a number of different base assumptions attached is probably not going to clarify any of the data gained.  This would be more interesting to see in a strictly defined process with tighter controls. Do another one!
The CDC already answered the gun control issue. With nearly 3 million defensive uses of firearms annually compared to ~20,000 firearm homicides, guns save 150x as many lives as they take.
Skin cream and rashes aren't something people are lied to about, and the numbers can't be too inflated as to misrepresent a product.  Crime is calculated differently city to city and county to county, so you can't just say "here are the numbers"  It's a hidden variable that is obviously unaccounted for, which would affect the mindsets of some participants. Left and right.
This problem is not harder for smart ppl, its a midwit trap.
I got the skin cream answer right therefore I am dumb
Figures never lie, but liars always figure... I noticed in the video that they actually did change the numbers being presented to the people in line from what the narrator was showing on screen. Instead of 223 and 75, the sign shown to people in the video at 7 minutes and 51 seconds is 446 and 150, now just have to rely on "trust" that they really conducted the experiment the same on both sides.   Not to say that their stated results aren't valid, just odd to me that they themselves present such a failure of continuity in the video.
My answer is that it didn't work. I don't get it, the first thing I noticed was the control groups weren't the same size, so I had to look at the proportions. But, since this is supposed to trick "smart" people, I was expecting some plot twist... Also, knowing the study is fictitious and the numbers are made up, why would anyone try to guess the answer from what they believe?
Already at the skin cream study I don't think the results are so obvious. They can be interpreted multiple ways. F.e. do we consider the cream effective if there are more people seeing improvement than people getting worse (this is how they seem to have defined it in the video), or do we prefer to have less people who's symptoms worsen from the treatment/non-treatment - as this might have more weigh than how many people have improved? It's a big difference in the evaluation of the results. And it works just as well for presenting the same numbers for gun control. So basically the difference in how people have answered to these questions is very much influenced by how they evaluate the results, what sub-results they think is more important.
The skin cream question is easy: 75% of the cream users improved, while 83% of the control group improved.  Once you apply percentage, the answer is obvious.
Honestly, as a person who has a deep interest in math, I find that the skin cream question, if you have some sort of knowledge in statistics and how different types of frequency work, is totally easy to figure out using relative frequency.   To proceed explaining why this activity nulls out the hypothesis, or atleast makes it less secure, you have to think of it this way:  - Since its not easy to depict a 2x2 square in words, lets name them using the two-way frequency tables mixes.  - Now, let's take the relative frequencies of each row, those being: + ~0.75 improved w/ cream, ~0.25 worsened w/ cream  + ~0.84 improved w/o cream, ~0.16 worsened w/o cream  Now, we all know basic arithmetic here, right?  So, let's compare the two "improved" values, and whichever is bigger, means it was more accurate in fixing the rashes.  Improved w/ cream = 0.75 Improved w/o cream = 0.84  improved w/o cream "is bigger or smaller?" than improved w/ cream  Seeing the numbers, the improved w/o cream definitely, with not really a superior diference, was over the improved w/ cream.  ∵ 0.84 > 0.75 → w/o cream had higher effectiveness.
Great video, misleading title!
Im not a social creature cuz most people are just plain stupid like those in this video.
6:40
Right off the bat I will say I think the conservative stance is that gun legislation has a null effect on crime. Not that it increases crime. It needlessly disarms citizens. And exclusively disarms citizens that follow the law lol.
Stopped watching during first 'test'. What is your measure of 'smarter'? There's nothing intuitive about larger numbers indicating better when one understands the function of a control group. Not bothering to watch further.
What I immdediatly tought of is using percentages, it's so simple so basicly we count the percentage of Rash improvment with both of the cases(cream and no cream) so Basicly doing the easy math, the percentage of the people whom rash got improved is 223 devided by 223 + 75 Times 100 wich is approxiamtly 74Percent, Now we count the other part wich is 107 devided by 107 +21 times 100 with is appriximatly 83 percent, And that's how I got my answer, It is pretty long in text but really easy when I tought of it, Great vid btw.
I honestly never got the impression that statistics mattered in the gun control debate. People in favor see the alternative as death and people that are opposed see the alternative as slavery. So it's not really something you can apply logic and reason to, as you don't have to value safety or freedom.
Weren't the left sources also looking at only a single year delta instead of an administration delta?  Also the FBI quietly changed its numbers.
10:10, yet we always keep finding reasons to polarize, to divide between us and them
I know the exceptions don't matter as much, but I'm always interested in them. What can we learn from the people who do get kicked out of their tribe for their beliefs? There's also the issue of identifying the problems that need solutions and deciding appropriate sacrifices. For example, what if gun control lowers crime, but people don't feel it's worth the sacrifice of freedom, or risking some other side effect? The Righteous Mind by Jonathan Haidt talks about moral foundations theory, and how we don't even all agree on what is "good "
I mean, we already know confirmation bias exists.
Must-see video. Best I've seen in a while.
Thats where dharma comes in artificially make yourself dumb you can see things for what they are
8:45 “Mistakes were made but not by me” explains this well
The problem of making mistakes in the first math problem may be partially tinted by having a camera shoved up your face, and no time or place or materials needed to perform thorough calculations  The second i saw a grid of data in the video, i grabbed a nearest item i can safely write on, because when writing something, it's at least easier to notice where mistakes lie  If I didn't do that,i would fail immediately, because even with paper, i somehow forgot that im support to divide 100 by the number of patients, instead of diving the number od patients by 100 🥲
223-107 = 116 improve 75-21 = 54 worse 54+116 = 170 total 116/170 = 0,682 68% of the divergent results are positive
Perhaps the Best Veritasium Video ever…. Well done!  Everyone should watch this.
I wish they tried questions about trans issues. I can only imagine the rabid reactions from some people. LOL
i do not think this proves what you think it proves  ok so you made up some fake statistics and tried to pass them off as real statistics and discovered that the smarter the person is the less likely thy were to believe your fake statistics if thy involve politics  so you leap to the conclusion that its dogma  or could it simply be the smarter the person is the more likely it is thy actually looked into the real statistics and chose to believe those instead of the fake statistics you are presenting to them  all this proves is you are more willing to take fake numbers at face value on subjects you are less familiar with
1:52 you could draw 2 conclusions:  among subjects who have a change in their rash (either for the better or for the worse), cream users have a higher chance of getting worse rather than better (25.17% of all change got worse) compared to non cream users (only 16.41% got worse of all change).  However, with an assumption that there are a similar number of test subjects in both groups, the total number of people whose rash got better compared to total group members is better for cream users (assumption of total members  is at least 223+75, with at least 74.83% of cream users got better compared to only 35.91% of non cream users).  So if your rash changes, there is greater chance that it gets worse because you used the cream vs. not using it.  However, there is a greater chance that your rash gets better if you use it vs not using it.
As a 14 year old I'm surprised people said using cream was better, you could've just converted the results to percentage and it would've been extremely simple from there
ok, but may depend on issue context - some like gun accessibility is more complicated and numbers data may be interpreted in many ways...
"experts say" is another way of saying "trust the science" at the end of your claim. There is nothing neutral about it. It's a leftist tactic.
Unfortunately, it is impossible to pay for a subscription to Ground News from Russia. Then how do you strive for the truth and the creation of a transparent political arena? It turns out that you have those who are right, but also those who are the most truthful. Or maybe there are even more truthful ones? Or are there two truths?
Fascinating!  Thanks for sharing!!
Well, the problem with this study is the assumption, that people are thinking certain way because they belong in the political group. Rather it could be, that people think certain way by rationale, and that makes them choose their political group.  Therefore, impact on the skewed results could simply be, that people already have conflicting information on the issue. Gun control is also such an issue that normal person can get into conclusion without studies, using logical thinking process. With the cream, you really need more contextual information and testing to find the answer.  And obviously people have other reasons to support guns in general, so they might want to skew the result on purpose if they think having guns as means to defend is more important than crime rates.  The situation is overly simplified, thus the conclusion is unreliable.
However smart you are, you suffer from bias that transcends reason. I'm old enough to have many anecdotes that bear this theory out.
This video confirms my belief that politics is an evil distraction from the real issues. And that politics is a 'divide and conquer' tactic designed to turn family, friends, & neighbors against each other. As for a potential solution we should consider outlawing *all" 'political parties'. That may be the way to expand our 'tribe' to actually include most people.
I must be dumb
The first question I would've asked is if the data was real, and would've instantly disregarded your guy and your survey on learning that the data was fake.
How are people this bad at reading? It feels like acedia may be a core issue here.  Surely all these people had some basic math education-- the relevant stuff is typically learned by age 7 in my country...
In Germany we have a saying: I only believe the statistics I counterfeit myself.   Reality is you can manipulate people the way you want without faking data. Selection and pesentation is crucial. So be careful.
Average american intellect 😂
I think some of those people who answered wrong knew the right answer. Looking at how some of them defended it.
Veritasium is one of the only channels I have seen that has been able to successfully touch on areas that intersect science and politics without showing bias. Very refreshing to see someone go to great lengths to ensure that the topic is covered in a scientific manner with out showing bias one way or another.
Confusion matrix..no?
Just a really long way of saying confirmation bias
I always thought I'd be unable to extrapolate data from missing information, but
I agree that most people's beliefs aren't formed through careful consideration of data. However, there's another equally vital step: the data must be accurate. Take, for instance, Dr. Andrew Wakefield's article published in The Lancet claiming that vaccines might cause autism. We now know this was a hoax, yet even The Lancet was misled. Therefore, we require not one, but two essential steps: accurate data and thorough analysis.
Thank you for this video.
Why not bring awareness to the actual data?  Liberal cities have the strongest laws and the highest rates of violent crime. Seems pretty simple.
Did he mess up dem vs reps or am i ? Rep
I don't like the conclusion of this video, but I like the idea of this video. I'm convinced that people change their minds very slowly, and if they were to change their minds on a dime, that would mean they are gullible.
One thing I remember, from helping with developing a "rationality test" made by people on the other side of the political aisle was that there is also a degree of "Nice try but I'm not giving you a soundbite/quote" inherent here. Like, someone comes up to you with a piece of paper that says "according to this specific study, is gun control good or bad?" and like... I can do the math. I know what the numbers say. But like... I'm not about to give them an unqualified data point in their favour because I don't know what they're going to do with that data afterwards.   Like you see in some of the clips, the people who disagree aren't just saying "the math says I'm right" they're coaching their answers in qualifiers and specifics (at 6:44 "the type of crime that went up might be less serious/unrelated to guns" is clearly trying to justify the math being against him) so like, if you give someone a questionaire that has a question that says "This question is purely hypothetical. So pretend the math says Trump's policy helped the economy and reduced crime by 50% and Biden's policy hindered it by 25%..." the Biden supporting person answering the question might well think "this is obviously a trap of some sort. I'm not falling for it." or vice versa.
Is this because of political bias?  Or because people are bringing other knowledge into the discussion?
Fascinating to see people I know walking around my old college campus in a Veritasium video lol
9:10 I had to do a double take because I thought it was Clay Davis! Shheeeiiiiiiiit
This is a stupid video. Of course when you change the question from a non-politically divisive one to one that is, people are going to interject their politics into the question and reject the data they are seeing. They will assume you are presenting them with data that does not show the full picture of the political issue at play and they are right to do so.
What if I have no political affiliation at all?
Yeah, but this was solved with number 2 in the bill of rights.  It frankly doesnt matter because the dataset is limited.  You have to factor in innumerable other variables per city... and the forefathers already made it so it shouldn't be infringed, though it is consistently infringed upon regardless.
Absolute nonsense. The gun control question is confusing because of how it essentially throws up a double negative, did "negative thing" get better or worse - one way is easier to read than the other.  Had it been shootings increased/decreased, that would be a better comparative question.
So, how are they measuring the intelligence of these people. The study seems misleading at best. Like they looked for a hypothesis and found it.
5:25 Wow, the bottom city is based on Rio de Janeiro? Where's guns are allowed? 😂😂😂
This is perhaps your most depressing video
Don't ask partisan questions, like whether climate change is man made. 🤦 Just do nothing then I guess.
in the made up cream study, that's not how those studies are conducted. the control group would have also gotten a cream, but it would have been a placebo.
I don't understand the crime numbers. What is it quantifying? Did I miss something?
Is it just me or was the cream test done in a way that couldn’t show actual differences because the test size was different?
All i got from this is that people with strict political alignments are irrational.
I feel like I'm somewhat above average (no proof) and instantly figured the the "problem".. Either A. Im actually quite intelligent or B. this is a fking dumb way to word a video.. (hint: only people with brainrot like me get it right more oftener.
Correlation is not causation. A study on skin cream can be a good indicator of its effectiveness. An observation on gun violence with respect to gun control is but a single indicator and there is a ton of outside influences that can affect the results. For example, an increase in poverty can make people more desperate and likely to commit gun violence, but the reduced wages can result in the guns being less affordable.
"The numbers are completely made up"  "I BETTER LOOK AT THE DATA"
I think this shows that people who are good at looking at numbers don't trust sources that have a political reason to lie, unless of course the numbers come from "your" side.
Talk about bait n switch to partisan propaganda 4:22
I got it right in like 5-10 secs, & I consider myself smart. Its more like that people are not educated enough.
what in the hell was this clickbait bs
Kinda clickbait
I think there is also an issue where a skin cream study is a fairly controlled environment and a cities crime rate it a bit more complex.
Ok now try this same study on religion. Politics isn't the biggest problem its religion
Basically, if you’re really smart, you’re better able to outsmart and trick yourself. A very important message.
I feel attacked politically and apolitically. To the credit of the tribal behavior they were not tricked by your inconclusive evidence, of a fake study. This only reaffirms that tribalism is a evolutionary safeguard. Overcoming it might not be the right answer in the same way that our differences make for a more immune civilization.
The first question... proportional reading math and logic is definitely a trait of higher intelligence, though. And if you did this now, the maga people, who are demonstrably stupid, will mess up the results on the politics of the first Q lol
1: Too few samples on one side. % is good, but the lower the number, the easier it is to skew the %. 2: Always bottom, since it has 50% of crime rating compared to top one, w/e fatal or not.
So what question exactly is harder for smarter people? Its just fuckin proportions wtf? Smarter ppl will do better
I recently had a statistics professor who said being objective is a total myth. Subjectivity is actually a key still you need in statistics because nothing is black and white, and people have the tendency to turn shades of grey into either of those colours
I think that that basically shows that a low numeracy number is anything less than 10! And Dunning Kruger perhaps?
So how as an 11 year old I got the first question right because I did you proportional reasoning
Attempts to replicate this study have failed.  Bro you need to get it together.
The initial data set about cream feels incomplete. Wouldn't you also want to know the total number of people in the study and how many people how no reaction in both groups?
I just divided 223/75 and 107/21 and it was clear that no cream was better proportionally.
The study is clearly wrong, or misleading.
If the issue with the reasoning is social rather than logical, I’m curious how autistic people responded to the study, as they lack a lot of the same social intuitions that neurotypical people have.
In simple words, politics affects cognitive abilities by fixing ideology of people and thus in a way brainwashing them  Or maybe average american are just dumb that they don't even recognise basic proportions and the difference in sample size
I think it's crucial to communicate math problems clearly, as confusion can arise from poorly presented information. For instance, in the guns legal/illegal sheet shown at 7:51, the arrow system is counterintuitive: "Crime improved" uses an upward arrow, and "Crime worsened" uses a downward arrow. Intuitively, you'd expect a downward arrow to signify crime decreasing (which is better) and an upward arrow to signify crime increasing (which is worse). This mixed messaging makes the wording unclear and risks misunderstanding. It’s also not comparable to the cream-testing example, where a higher number of creams improving rashes is inherently positive. In the case of crime, the direction of change has opposite implications.
The book, Going to Extremes: How Like Minds Unite and Divide by Cass Sunstein presented data on this from judges and academics. What he reported is that more educated or intelligent people have more information that they are able to select from to engage in confirmation bias or belief perseverance. Smart people can try to twist arguments to poke holes in them. That's why it is good to try to focus on disproving oneself or searching for the best counter-arguments. It takes effort.
It would be interested to see this study carried out in a non-two party state
Fun research.  Clearly emotional intelligence is a challenge for people.  Particularly more common in lower educated and conservative populations.  Generally, the other major factor is that people are  cognitively lazy.
Would have loved to see more about the republican Woman who attended a democratic zoom call.
Unless I can break out Excel on the spot, I cannot, I will not, answer any math question.
I found video very interesting until got to last bit.  You gave example of groups working to stop sea level rise, without the blame game of why.  I was told by experts in the 1980's sea level would rise by 3m by 2000.  Yet last 175 years only risen by .25m.  Flinders University, Adelaide study on sea level rise stopped after 16 years having found no sea level rise in pacific islands.  Sea level rise less than 10 inches in 175 years not reason to throw billions at costal projects to stop flooding.
Oh god, I am dumb.
Wait. Does 'Rash worsened' mean you get more rash or less rash? I'm so confused
im unsubscribbling/! 2!1!1!1!1
I'm sorry but I wouldn't call these people smart or smarter. They can't divide 2 numbers and compare the results
This video js felt like a longgggg winded way to say humans are biased 😂 not that I disagree very insightful breakdown tho 👏
"Smarter" people do worse or people that think they are smart really do worse? Because just see a bigger number and go for it, it's actually stupid, instead of analyzing the data.
On that first one, taking margin of error into account, I wouldn't think the cream did anything at all. It looks more like placebo effect mixed with the fact that most rashes clear up on their own in a few days anyway. Did I overthink it? LOL
Lol, I don't see how smarter people are misled. It's obvious that the total participants in each intervention is different, so it's a matter of looking at percentages.
You don’t even need to know proportions, even just knowing hey, the amount of people recorded with cream was just over double, and the amount that got worse with the cream was well over double the amount as the people who didn’t use it at all
Interesting that, at 9:25, in the section about thinking tribally, you opened with footage of the 2019 Hong Kong pro-democracy protests.
this was easy lol
I remember a similarly targeted questionnaire:  Choose the logically correct statement. 1. All planets of the Solar system orbit the Sun. Earth orbits the Sun. Therefore, Earth is a planet of the Solar system. 2. God created all that exists. Earth exists. Therefore, God created Earth.  When asked to the group of people, who, by their education, were expected to have better logical thinking, the majority answered incorrectly. What was shocking to me is not that the initial believes had the effect on the syllogical thinking, but just how big that effect was. Just think of it, if you ask a monkey the same question, it has 50% chance to get it right, but smart people performed worse... The same in this video. The question, whether it's about the cream or the guns, implies a 50% chance to get the correct answer. Some results that were presented in the video showed significantly worse than 50%...
Because our brain doesn't care much about logic or ethics. It cares more about our instincts. And this is the biggest problem with democracy. The biggest advantage of democracy itself is the biggest disadvantage. Because the majority are not rational enough to make decisions. For now, teaching them is the proper solution.
On a purely rational basis your advertisement at the end ruins the credibility of the entire video.  You should have left it alone. I was on board until I saw that you were trying to sell something. Now I have to wonder if this video was craftily edited to sponsors happy.
Americans and Intelligence as sets give us intersection as a null set.
Lol how embarrassing 🤭
I must be an idiot. I got it right immediately.
Hey a fellow Wylie!!
When you ask people about fictitious studies that are far more rooted in the scientific process, (skin cream, affect of hours of sleep, etc) you have very few unknown variables in the mix.   When you’re asking people to reduce entire ideologies to statistics, you ignore the massive impact that every other factor causes.   Even if statistics say one thing, your eyes can tell you another. Remember that statistics are easily manipulated, biased experiments are real. when vegetable oil companies fund studies that tell you how healthy vegetable oils are, you should be suspicious.   When these people are telling you that they would believe statistics in front of them, it’s because they aren’t articulating the fact that they might also be curious of their source and intentions.   In the case of gun laws, you tell these people that some cities implemented them and others didn’t. They know that things like illegally owned guns, economic makeup of a city, and cultural factors are all part of how much gun violence affects an area. When they say that guns decreased crime, it’s because they believe that it could have been WORSE without legal guns.   This is a extremely dangerous argument, and taken at face value, it makes a lot of sense. But we need to encourage critical thinking beyond statistics when applicable
i got it right before the reveal. "improved" was twice the number in experimental vs control, but worsened was more than three times higher. 3>2
I think that the question comes down to wording. "Did the skin cream make the rashes worse or better" could be answered with both since some people saw improvement and some people saw the rash getting worse. The clearer worded question should be "Did more people improve their rashes with our without the skin cream" you would still not metion the proportinal aspect of the question.
There are lies, damn lies, and statistics.  When you present someone with one new dataset that disagrees with their prior experience, correct or not, it's going to be tough to accept.
There were too much ambiguity with the political one. That compromises the results. It's more about people being confused by the meaning then confused by the math. They are persuaded by their pre-existing affiliation, but you can't say it persuades them to ignore the math. It persuades them to ignore the poor communication.
crap
Belief and arrogance have the same meaning. Just stop believing things. Know what you know and know what you don't know and don't glorify ignorance. It's not as hard as people make it out to be. Just making a conscious effort is all that's needed
This is just poor phrasing and picking and choosing how you want to judge something. I have one dollar in my bank account, I add an additional dollar so what sounds bigger - I increased my savings by 200% or by $1?
Anyone find it funny that the FBI has to revise its violent crime numbers? It makes sense that the Bureau of Labor revises its numbers because it initially conducts a big survey of employers to estimate job creation, and then afterward looks at state unemployment systems to find the true numbers. But the FBI just pulls from the same crime reporting system. Maybe the crime numbers keep trickling in months and months afterward? Seems fishy. For anyone curious, the BoL massively overestimated job creation in 2022 by 818,00. And the FBI massively underestimated crime, originally saying it had dropped by 2.1% but then revising that it had actually risen 4.5%.
Anyone else a transcended and euphoric smart person right now?
I would be really interested to see you ask elected officials this question
Top 1% dunning Kruger leggo
My man can't understanding context and ability to control, haha! When small brains think they're brilliant.
4:40 "... a study on skin cream is about as apolitical as it gets..." excuse me sir, skub would disagree.
Me purposely trying to get the question wrong
The entire study is flawed. You can't compare statistics with a varied level of participants. Sample size affects the numbers. So you would need to have say precisely 300 people with rashes use cream, and 300 other people with rashes not use cream. But even then, there's other factors. Say the first 300 people were from California and the other 300 people were from Florida. Well it's much more humid in Florida, and it's easier for bacteria to grow with moisture, so perhaps the Floridians would have less success with the rash getting better regardless of a cream or not. A good study will attempt to reduce as many of the variables as possible, so again, starting off with two different group sizes already flaws the study..
As soon as I realized that the whole point of video was gentle persuasion disguised as an intriguing look into a mental quirk, I stopped listening, caring, or allowing the message to influence me, thereby hardening my beliefs even moreso. Thanks guys.
4:40 sorry but surely there are more than two types of people in this world. I stopped watching at this point making me a 3rd.  Disguised American propaganda making us split into two easily manageable groups.
I find being neurodiverse helps with focusing on things and finding solutions. Also it makes me a logical thinker
A skin cream study is done on an individual on one part of their body. Theres still variabilty, such as how long have you had the rash before applying the cream, and how long you wait before users report their results. Still though, that is far less variability than conducting studies on hundreds of cities spread throughout an entire nation. Not all crime is gun crime, and crime rates are affected by all types of external factors such as the economy or even weather. Im far less willing to accept or even interpret such a simple result set for a much more complex issue.
I have a trained project management background that goes back well over thirty years.  PM is awash with charts, graphs, statistical analysis, timelines, and numbers.  But early on we were taught that the correct answer to any question is "it depends".  There is an excellent example of this, actually a business case study, from the Harvard School of Business regarding Southwest Airlines.  It's too long to cover here but it's a classic example of how statistics and numbers can mean very little and intuition and insight can mean everything.
The reason Republicans believe crime goes down with guys is because most criminals don't buy guns. They get them illegally.
It is obviously fallacious to equate the efficacy of a skin cream for a specific rash to the impact of gun control on crime rate. Crime rate is a much messier statistic; are we talking petty crimes, violent crimes, deadly crimes? Short term vs long term? The reason people with high numeracy fall for the politicized version is because their intuition (correctly) recognizes that these arent apples and oranges, its apples and hand grenades. Only a fool would think that you could solve politics with statistics.
that's so interesting! so when are you planning to interview the smart people
The real issue we face is the excessive spread of 'alternative facts'.
There is also the fact that the more you know, the more reason you have to suspect a trick or some hidden catch to a question. The first thing that happens after learning about the Monty Hall Problem, as a mathematician, is an immediate and lifelong distrust of any probability question with more than 2 sentences set-up. It could literally be about the probability of flipping a coin but if that question starts talking about doors, people immediately start to suspect a trick and will either outsmart themselves or duck the question entirely. The more you know, the more tricksters have to work with.
As an autistic person: I am above such puny weakness! I can debate contrarian on most topics, as I prefer to do a 'bs test' to see whether I deem the reason someone holds their opinions as valid.
I misread the first table in the first place.
LOL at tribal thinking being even remotely good.  The worst of the worst evils of men are justified by tribal thinking.  Even better is Ground News as a source that accurately identifies bias.  Every single source like Ground News sets the center of their bias algorithm at left of center making left-leaning sources appear less left or even neutral and right-leaning sources as more right than they actually are.  Additionally, some sources such as the NYT which is very left entertains articles that are neutral simply because the topic isn't political or even feature right-leaning authors presenting issues in a very right-leaning way.  In other words, the bias of the source may represent the source collectively and on average but not every article will all on that average.
Let's not forget that Einstein couldn't answer test questions even if his life depended on it. Especially if his life depended on it.
lol good luck trying convince politicians not to use partisan rhetoric
This video proved to keep further that more than 50% of people are not smart
imagine clickbaiting you clearly know higher numeracy means intelligence
wrong question, cuz not using cream, doesnt make it worse from what alreadyis, also most people. thought the numbers were out of tje same TOTAL amount of people
1:10 this easy lol ofc the creme was worse there were just more people that used it
Your argument might be true if both Democrats and Republicans had the same average math skills!  Let's see the average math skills based upon party!  If one party is significantly better at math than the other, than the statistical anomoly would not be because of political disparity, but because of overtly lying about the statistics.  Nobody would ever lie about the statistics, now would they?  It has been my experience that all of the left leaning schools in the country, focus on liberal arts, while all of the right leaning schools in the country focus on math and science.  Obviously there is a lot of room for both parties in both types of schools, but when you start to compare statistical averages, basically Democrats don't want to know how to do math or science because it could never support their propositions!  Whereas a good percentage of Republicans don't want to learn left leaning liberal arts, because they know it is communist propaganda, since the same thing was taught in China and the Soviet Union during their communist revolutions.
The title is incredibly misleading. "Worse" is relative, but the relation is implied be by "smarter" so the title overall implies that smarter people perform worse than less smart people, which sounds intriguing and is why I clicked. Instead, smarter people performed worse when compared to themselves. The title should have just been "Quantifying cognitive dissonance" or something.
Knowing math is not being smarter
The problem is that pretty much every scientific problem becomes political, and then polarised. Anyone with basic scientific curiosity knows that climate change is real, yet politics allows people to deny it...
If these were the questions then their participants are either not intelligent, or im one of the smartest dudes on Earth... This is the problem with most studies.. anyone who could not see the difference in those proportions aren't intelligent!!
Behavioral economics
The first test does not give you the total amount of people in each group. Without that, neither answer is right since you are just dojng worse and better, what about the no change and total people.
13:40 re: FBI data Many large cities haven't reported since the FBI switched to the new system, throwing off the numbers
10:21 IMO democrats (the voters) think republicans (the voters) are the problem, while republicans (the voters) think the democrat media/politicians (and some extremists) are the problem.
I'm always saying that humans believe in stuff not because the think it's the truth but because they want it to be. you might think i'm idiot but have you asked yourself why you think that.
This seems more of an experiment on cognitive dissonance based off of binary choices
This is why we need experts  who understand the data to help make decisions and not random people viewing the results with their biases.
While not actually important to the overall experiment bc it's related to bias involved rather than the correct answer itself, I'd like to point out that the original cream question has problems.   In this situation, there was one person to answer right; the lady at 3:02. The numbers really don't mean anything, because you don't have enough. The most important comparison in a situation like this would be the ratio of examined:improved rather than improved:worsened for two reasons. First, even if the worsening rate is 0, you can't consider it effective if the improvements are also low compared to total tested, and the number of tested is never stated. Second, it's assuming mutual exclusivity between the remedy improving and worsening a condition. It is very possible that an effective remedy on a compatible person is harmful on an  incompatible one. Combining these considerations, I would argue that with these numbers, the cream seems pretty effective if the sample was small and equal size between the two, but less effective if the sample size is on the larger end.
maybe it's a small surprise to think that we favor our tribe's mistakes over truth... i AM curious about how those people were divided into two tribes to begin with.
Would love to see the breakdown by sex…   Is there a preclusion to bias based on male/female? 🤔
"I got all right. I must be really smart"
But if you say guns are illegal, owning a gun BECOMES a crime sto the crime rate could rise technically even if the events don't change. Same person owning a gun counts as a crime in one scenario, doesn't in the other. The question is tricky because "crime" is not defined as the same thing in these two situations. "Rash worsened" means the same thing no matter what cream you use. "Crime" means one thing when guns are legal, another when they are illegal. The question is bad for this study. A different political question might cause similar results but this one is tricky.
It's not rational to believe incorrect things to fit in with your society. It could be rational to pretend you do, but not to actually believe it. Also, the title is a complete lie. All charts showed the most numerate people still scored the highest. I expected better from you.
If the skin cream test groups were equally big, then it did help though. You gained 116 more people that got better and only 54 more that got worse. While the ratio is not as good as before, it's still a net positive.  If the question as intended as the groups were not equally big, then yes, the one without it was indeed better.
Wow I got every question wrong 😅
as a person who focuses on words way more than numbers, and who has anarchist friends, I had the biggest problem trying to figure out whether "crime improved" with an up arrow meant there was more crime or less crime lol
Anyone else find it off-putting that in the original study, the full text of the skin cream question was included, but the politically charged question only had snippets? Given how important wording is for survey questions, it's really odd to omit that. The skin cream question made quite clear that the subjects should "indicate whether the experiment shows that using the new cream is likely to make the skin condition better or worse". In the second case, from the snippets we were given, it merely says that subjects were instructed to indicate whether "cities that enacted a ban on carrying concealed handguns were more likely to have a decrease in crime" or "more likely to have an increase in crime than cities without bans", but whether a distinction was as clearly made between the results of the specific study and the general question (that is, the instruction was clear that the participants should be answering solely based on the numbers in the table and not any other information) is not apparent. If the wording was poor, it may be that some people simply aren't engaging with the question the way we would expect them to, which if instructions are unclear isn't entirely unreasonable. The study was meant to identify politically motivated irrational behavior, and being provided data from a supposed study (that in actuality is indeed fictional) without citation or description of methodolody that contradicts prior information that may itself be scientific research (regardless of whether it came to the correct conclusion) and deciding to reject the provided information as insufficiently trustworthy or rigorous isn't exactly irrational, if the question was not sufficiently specific to demand that it be treated hypothetically. This is also a problem that could reasonably be expected to increase with numeracy.  I don't doubt that people frequently leverage greater reasoning skills to explain away discrepancies of encountered facts with existing positions in irrational ways, but even if it's a reasonable and possibly correct conclusion, a study should be judged on its methodology and not just the future confirmation of its conclusion. And in a sociological study relying on surveys, not including the full text provided to participants for both questions strikes me as awfully odd. From what I can tell, other researchers haven't had great success replicating the stufy's findings, and perhaps issues with question wording may have been a factor (although it could be lots of things). It would be interesting to see how people engage with being expected to give a noncontroversially false answer (a study that allegedly shows the earth is flat, for instance), and whether or not they reject the expectation that they give an answer based solely on the provided data regardless of its veracity.  In any event, I thought it was standard procedure to include full text for all questions provided to participants in this sort of study, and when reading the study I was quite surprised only to see it for the question where wording would have less significant influence.
If you already have a belief about something a graph / chart is capturing  then you will spend less effort trying to understand the graph / chart. You will assume it confirms what you already believe is true, having no reason to believe the graph is fictitious. Give me a phd right now
What i find interesting is the curvature on those graphs
Documenting unreported crimes has to be an oxymoron.
who benefits from keeping us apart?
Knew someone that said studies show a super low percentage (1-13% I think) in transition surgery regret in kids. However when you actually looked at the study they only had 38 kids, and they only asked them 3 months after the surgery (when the whole claim is kids won’t regret the surgery later in life), and 10 dropped out within the 3 months.   Yet the left took this as “oh kids don’t regret getting top or bottom surgery because of this study”. Also the study was done by the hospital that made money off of these surgeries. Anyone can take anything and call it a “study”. There was one done by a 9 year old kid on plastic straws, he didn’t do a proper sample size and filled it in with his assumptions to come up with the statistic of 500 million plastic straws  per day.  This was then quoted by multiple news stations/articles and many other sources, stating that Americans use 500 millions straws per day. I try to remember this when seeing claims on either side backed by “studies”, but I’m definitely more likely to scrutinize it if it’s a leftist claim vs the right.
I will say this: one study won’t make me completely change my political opinion.  But multiple studies might make me evolve a little bit.  Not completely change, but evolve.   I’ve done that with abortion, going from pro life to pro choice over a decade or so.
When politics are introduced, individual biases can easily overcome  critical thinking skills.
Perfect sponsor for this video. I picked up paying attention to them around the time of the debate between Harris and Trump. Not because of it, but definitely because of things around that time. But that was me just looking for better sources of information, which I've been doing since around 2018. Between 2016 and now, my political leanings have changed drastically. More people need to start paying attention to Ground News. I really think they would be a positive influence on a good chunk of the electorate.
1. You asked the wrong questions and misled the answerers. You didn't ask "which ratio is better" you asked "has it improved". Improved from where? From the ones where it worsened? From the baseline of no change, where it was still not better and not worse? You weren't specific enough.   2. You gave them fake numbers. A lot of people recognize the fake numbers and disagree with it based on other studies they have seen or their own intuition on what the numbers should really be. You also didn't give enough context to what the numbers actually represented in the made-up "study" they were analyzing.   3. There is a problem with the statement that one lady said, "If it's on paper and that's the way it is I'd have to go with that", and that is because you just can't trust many sources of information these days. It's always been just as easy to lie or make mistakes on paper as it is with the spoken word. You can't trust everything you read. Statistics can be padded or cherry-picked. So it takes extra work to verify the accuracy.   4. "Consideration of the facts" you didn't give them facts. You lied to them and the studies they've seen elsewhere probably supported their opinions, because when it comes to politics there are too many studies that side with one side or the other and are themselves biased, confirming their worldview with "facts" that at the very least seem much more trustworthy than your "study".   5. IMPORTANT: You can't compare 4 cities to another 4 cities with or without gun control and then make any sort of reasonable conclusion from this anyway, because the sample size is way too small to begin with to have any reliable accuracy whatsoever, the margin of error is extremely high. There are so many other factors that can influence crime rates in a city and so many differences between each city, it's culture, history, traditions, locations, composition of population, other laws in the area, enforcment policies, etc.  6. I think you didn't examine the angles of this topic that are inconsistent with your own views on the topic. I think you want to believe that people are suddenly idiotic when it comes to politics and you are grasping at straws to prove it.   7. I liked some other videos of yours but I think you approached this topic the wrong way. You need something more substantial that proves your point, this is a very unreliable method to conduct a "study", especially on something as controversial as modern politics.
7:03 y’all look at these lines!!! I just knew the second blue line was going to be close to the first blue line and definitely above the lower red line. Republicans are SO quick to highlight data that supports their perspective, and then are JUST as quick to neglect data that contradicts them! While it appears that democrats follow a similar trend, it also appears to be less severe. the fact that both blue lines are so close suggests dems actually use a more consistent thinking process, while the spread apart red lines suggests that republicans think about the answer first and justifying it afterwards…
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies and statistics.
I wouldn't say that "smart people do worse", I'd say that "being smart is less relevant", you still have better solutions at high levels of numeracy than at low levels
Clickbait. This isn't about intelligence
The conclusion is obvious. If you use skin cream you are more likely to use a gun when you commit a crime than if you don't.
I watched the video idk, I’m too stoopid to understand the “correct” answer.
isnt this just 3/1 or 5/1? Knowing math still helps…
The skin cream is causation. The gun is correlation.  This is not a solvable state. You can assert that it is, but "crime" is not as clean cut and binary like a rash improvement.  Police attend less larger crimes, more minor crime reports etc
nah that conservative / liberal graph does not show 'equal' findings between the rate at which libs / cons get a question right/wrong depending on if it alligns with their views. you see the ones for the libs staying tight together at their rate of correctness in the normal numeracy scores, and then when you get to the smarter ones, smart lib are relatively holding at the same right (slight dip b/c of bias), and the correct ones increase. Normal correctness score for normal intelligence on the libs side. On the cons side the correctness for their bias affirming question immediately climbs well through the normal numeracy scores and continues to climb even higher as you get to the smarter cons. Odd but implies that conversatives are just picking bias affirming options a significant amount more than the respective dems in their normal intelligence range. Then when you get to the question that doesnt affirm their bias, it dips hard, well through the normal intelligence scores and only somewhat comes back to normal after you get to the non-normal smarter end. These cons are just siding by their bias affirming position a lot more than the liberals when presented with the same statistics. They are more likely to ignore / overlook / rationalize the incorrectness of statistics that dont affirm their biases than libs.  tldr: conversative brainrot theory is real, these sheeps just ignore the statistics and choose to believe their bias affirming position at a higher measurable rate.
Anyone who got the question wrong surely can't be considered "smarter". Please retitle this video.
I think it’s cause they think this interview is on why they are either republican or democrat, not if their good at math or not.
Wow, fascinating and explains a lot.  I wonder how much this is specific to American bipartisan culture, or if this is just a normal human condition?  Has this experiment been conducted looking at different populations around the world???
There are surely 3 responses for the cream? Got better, got worse, stayed the same.  My conclusion would be that it makes some rashes better and other rashes worse? The animation at the begining gave me the impression that the control and test groups were the same size, the lower numbers for no cream suggested to me that more people had rashes which showed no changes in that group.
Looking at it, the ratio makes it so that if you use the cream, you’re twice as likely to improve, but three times as likely to worsen.   So don’t use it
Some of those people's answers were both hilarious in how they missed the point and so so sad.  I figured out the correct answer to the first question posed but I'd love to see how I'd have reacted to all 4 questions without prior knowledge of what's correct.
Not what i thought but good video still
can some math guy pls tell me if i'm straight up stupid or is this question easy? don't we just add the 2 numbers from e.g. experimental and then divide one of the numbers by the sum and we get the exact % of for how many people it got worse and the other way?
Well, that was the most disappointing video I've watched in a while.
I have a question, why where people talking about random things? Just awnser the question, yes or no or were they asked more than just a sinple question?
Kinda ruins the study when its not anonymous, or maybe thats the point?
What troubles me most is that people assume the numbers agree with them when they don't. It's not that the people in the study said, "these numbers must be wrong," but that they say "these numbers support my beliefs" when they do the opposite.
It's simple really. One side believes men can get pregnant and have periods. No numeracy skills involved here.
I’d rather ostracize myself than be one of you idiots. Reading these, “Uh, actually I am very smart” comments make me want to live on Mars.
Theres more to this than the video leads on.  And some mid ramge statistics training could fill in the blank.  This video may bring awareness as he puts, but overlooks more dynamic issues that effect this further.  Sorry.  While it helped start the conversation, if someone stops with this video, theyll still end up believing or understanding innacurately.
As a smart person, I am offended.
This is why i choose to believe that i "know" nothing.
The ability of humans to look at roughly-contextualized data and perform mental gymnastics to come to the wrong conclusion is astounding. I wonder how many people responded with "the data is insufficient to come to an adequate conclusion" because that's what I was thinking.
I suck at math.. Its a defense added to prevent us from elevating you. AI fills that for me though. I know there's no point in doing anything because too many morons that don't know how to use census to help narrow blame. Example: Chlorine DNA damage in pools but in drinking water its "safe levels" which makes no sense.. Look at the masses. You can have skills but doesn't mean you won't destroy yourselves mindlessly if not guided by the right person.  *Points at CO2 Climate change claims and shakes open a Soda in peoples faces* No awareness just simple name changes and many times not even name changes. Ask AI: "Why did we stop using Sodium Fluoride as rodent poison" then look at the same exact word in tap. They're gone already.. That's not the wrong conclusion. Can't even reason with people its like I'm trying to curse them too much religious npc genes.  Your sea, air, and spacecraft don't use ultrasonic anti-drag yet even though Ultrasound with non-plasma sources can generate up to greater than bottom of sea pressures. Nothing in the atmosphere would touch you if you wanted. But instead? Pure junk. Science claiming Spiders can fly with electricity and turn around to claim Bees that generate MORE electricity don't use it to assist flight. So the results of that force have no effect because its a Bee?  See, tricks don't work on me. *Points Audio Spotlight beam set at frequency of Piezoelectric crystal from a surface generator to a deep cave through the ground to charge Piezoelectric crystal connected to Amp for charging devices below with no power lines needed* Atlantis.. *Points at Ultrasound Crystals in Ultrasound* Atlantis.. - Watcher (Oops sorry, for people who don't understand resonance frequencies yet. Ultrasonic echoes can pull water from the atmosphere, convert it into hydrogen, and make plasma. Imagine a Crystal doing that to Amplify its own power. You're welcome..)
thank you
I wonder if this is an American phenomenon as i doubt results would be the same in Europe
This is completely flawed in more ways than one. When you ask peope a political question ofc they will give you a political answer. And usually just one statistics is not meaningful to determine either way, ofc they will go with whatever they believe is right. This actually shows peope are rational not less rational. If peope see one study and make up their mind that’s irrationality. If you want to do better, ask based on statistics here alone, not considering the outside world or anything else, what’s your conclusion based on this specific case
The real story is: people don't trust studies or science because everything has become political, so they just give their opinion on the actual issue. IE, data don't matter, because science is not trustworthy - to both parties.
Question was, "Did the cream make the rashes beter or worse", and few minutes later u say that in coclusion the cream made the rashe ON AVERAGE worse, and thats a difference so indeed people were right
I like how “we presented people with fake data, and they got the wrong answer because they are biased.”  I think most people challenge the data when it doesn’t support common sense.
well as a numbers person and a centrist, i feel like i would have gotten the right answer either way.
Title is misleading as smarter people still do better than dumber ones.
Bad test😢 your judging intellectual bias on information that is flawed. Your political info is provable and the cream info is only true in one instance. This has nothing to do with a person's intelligence
I have a math problem that I have been giving to my friends and it's really hard if you know math: A pre school child can solve it in 5 minutes, a software engineer in 1 hour and a mathematician can't: 8 = 38108859 5 = 76778832 3 = 24566539 0 = 32557117 4 = 25861395 7 = 36218698 2 = 35821733 1 = 321977311 6 = 32862918 9 = 32885688 5 = 635811369 3 = 52365662 2 = 23581377 0 = 35723317 1 = 35673215 So obviously there is a rule to find that is true for all "equations" and from my own experience the time-frames above check out most of my engineer friends cannot solve it but my little sister could easily   I was really surprised by my friends eagerness to solve it to I have no idea what is so mesmerizing about it that they sit down with it for an hour only to be shocked when they find the answer   I originally started doing this because I actually solved it in like 30 seconds it seemed obvious to me which had me wondering why they said it was so hard. Anyway have fun if you're trying to solve it
It really isnt a hard question...
I understand the point of this video, but the problem isn't as simple as "being good at math makes you worse at this", it's more a tangent to the Dunning-Kruger effect in that the people who answer based solely on which number is largest may _understand_ math, but don't have a fundamental concept of how to read graphs or decipher them logically and rationally to ask the right questions from the data given. It's the same reason word problems have always been a bugaboo on standardized exams. People fundamentally struggle more with "Dan has 5 apples and gives away 4, how many are left?" than they do simply seeing "5 - 4 = ?" on paper. It could also have something to do with being asked the straightforward question of "Which is better?" as people are not as likely to respond that there isn't enough data to conclude, because having the graph and question in front of them makes it seem like there IS an answer, but they're just not "smart" enough to find it. So they'd rather guess and possibly be wrong than what they would consider going out on a limb.
something else this also highlights ... is the difference between education and indoctrination ... the indoctrinated follow their political leaning ... while the educated people will ignore their political leanings and use the facts as given to get their answer ...   education ... teaching people to learn and question everything for the truth ... not implanting some ideology
"specifically, politics...." 🍿🍿🍿🍿
"Smarter people do worse" first question literally is simple and basic math. Self proclaim smart ppl maybe. Real smart ppl didn't struggle with proportions
Who fell for the first question lmaoooo
An intelligent person would recognize flawed data as soon as they looked at it. I can tell at a glance that there aren’t enough trials for one of your focus groups to make it a fair and reasonable comparison, and I’m a stupid person. If an intelligent person can’t deduce that 4 numbers handed to them on a random chart isn’t enough information to gather any relevant data, we’re struggling as a species.
Sorry but more people got better with the cream.  Now it also worsened more people but that wasn’t the question.  The proportionality doesn’t mean anything to the question asked.
I would assume your study is bs as almost all studies of a political nature are.  And in this case the numbers are even more bogus than usual.
There could be another reason why this is the case is that while skincare test is a true test/control experiment, where you can control many many variables, in the gun control case, it's more an observational study where there could be confounding variables, and when study doesn't align with people's intuition, people with higher numeracy start to look for them. Another option may be to stop presenting numbers as a test/control results when it wasn't.
Well, this is final now. When you choose a political party in US, you not only choose a political party you also choose to be stupid. And it doesn't even matter what party that is.
The mind can justify anything. We are all the products of our conditioning and beliefs. This is why we need scientific research, and even then results can be skewed based on the prejudices of those conducting experiments. The truth is a moving target.
Shows how bad politics became. Did no one ask why the sum of both groups is not equal? Is the margin the number where no change was detected? ….
They ask questions in a context that they already have an opinion on. You would think that would get the same result as this without political leaning
Hey, great video, as always!  Never fail to think
I guess I'm dumb enough to be smart enough to figure this out in 3 seconds. 🎉🎉🎉🎉  For real tho, so many have no idea what 'per capita' means and how percentages work.   They just see bigger number = better.   I recall an anecdote about something similar where people were asked whether they wanted 1/3lb or 1/4lb of food weight and they chose the 1/4 because 4 is larger than 3. (Forget the specifics).
I thought this was going to be about True/false questions lol.
Humans use logical reasoning for benign topics and emotional reasoning for sensitive topics. We knew that. This video makes a commonly understood observation seem revolutionary.
First question doesn’t give a total number per group nor a number of no-change.
I was ready to be wrong… this was the simplest problem I’ve ever seen. Idk if I’m dumb and got it right because I didn’t care about the story going on in the background. It was just variable X and Y with numbers that I divided pretty much.
@aliciajoe schau mal, wie dein video über polarisierung
i find it tricky because in this whole example the "control group" seems to be much lower in total numbers. I would have intuitively assumed that both groups are the same total number. Like 300 people using skin cream and 300 people not using it, then showing how many people had which outcome.  That led me to confusion because with that "wrong" assumption of course the higher number means the best results. Because thats a natural thing to do with the short amout of time to analyze, think and evaluate such a scenario.   I mean in this video I as a viewer have been presented less than 2 minutes with a completely new scenario and had almost no time to think this through. After pausing and watching the video again I finally understood the "problem". But it was never mentioned that the "control group" had a different size than the test group.   So of course I would analyze the numbers first, try to grab the quickest possible overview and felt like someone pointed a gun at me with less than 10 seconds to answer.   In any case you need enough information to be able to properly evaluate and of course time. Otherwise in any stress scenario we rely on intuition which is absolutely natural.
I think the problem is that politic based studies are mistrusted by both sides. That is largely true because these studies are often contradicted by other competing studies. More often,  these studies have hidden or even sometimes blatant bias or dont account for other contributing factors. Thats why people distrust the data however correct it may be
"They know what they know; there's no point in confusing them with the truth." -My mother.  When she said this, she was talking about the 'redneck' Republican voters. But I've come to realize, even before watching this video, that it applies to just about everyone, including her... and me.
Anybody else wonder where in Florida the sea level has risen in the last 10,000 years?   Maybe a sinking island in the keys? A barrier island dealing with normal erosion?   Seems like a very unscientific and imprecise example to have chosen.
Man i really hoped this video was gonna be about a question which smarter people did worse
Youre just showing that 95% of people are dumb and biased.  Period.  Look up the "Dunning - Kruger" effect
The chart at 4:38, you say they're almost the same, but I see a pretty significant downward trend until a numeracy of 5 in the "conservative republican, cream made rash better" scores that isn't present in the "liberal democrat, cream made rash better" data. And also a pretty significant divergence for very high (8+) in the "conservative republican, cream made rash worse" data compared to the other results at that numeracy.  I haven't done an actual statistical analysis and don't have the data about how many were at those values, so I don't know if those are within a reasonable margin of error, but it'd at least be worth seeing if the same pattern occurs again with another study.
Cool study. Before I knew this would be political I found myself picking apart the skin cream study. 😂 I thought, sample size is small, what were the controls on other factors that may be contributing to the results etc. I barely did math and immediately focused on potential bias of the data presented. This skepticism is amplified with the political angle. With the cream at worse it’s big cream trying to sell a product, with a political topic the stakes are higher for freedom safety etc. I wonder if another takeaway is that the people studied don’t assume the neutrality of “the facts” because every institution and aspect of our lives are politicized or profit oriented.
Its a very missleading title. And im very disapointed, as an educational channel youve a lot of respect from me
Covid pandemic is prime example tribaly...
Politicians and their media are sellers. So why do we try to selling their goods more than them. Instead of fanatically supporting them, leave them alone and see what they really offer you.
The intuitive answer is not the "clever guys" answer, that's so dumb to say.
These are completely different questions.  1. The skin cream was definitely used or not used. It has a definite proof of success or failure. 2. The guns were legal in both data sets, only concealed carry was outlawed. There was no data showing that guns were used or not used.
I guess by learning to answer to these questions I am getting dumber. Only if I am not dumb already.
"the distribution was roughly normal" proceeds to show skewed right histogram  "the trend lines were about the same for republicans and democrats" proceeds to show two pretty different trend lines  i mean, i haven't dug into the sample sizes and confidence intervals and statistical significance, but the visualizations, on the surface, aren't matching the words!
Mathematicians as statisticians agree that you cannot math gun control so suck that
so ´mericans even smart once can´t do 8th grade math ?
I think saying that deluding yourself into believing you are unbiased is rational because it benefits you is a tad generous. It would be only be rational if you decided to do it specifically because it is beneficial. But assuming that the accusation of 'delusion' is a correct one, it ceases to be rational. It doesn't cease to be beneficial, mind. But I think rational thinking is a little more complex than "happening to be right by impulse".
Well I guess I am a genius and not just smart
There’s also selection bias, some people don’t want to answer interview
The only thing I am wondering is why didn't the skin creme study not have a placebo group?
I got it right and thought to myself "oh no im stupid" 😂
Both questions and examples are absolutely absurd. You cannot present some 2 random numbers and present it as a data of study. If you presented me with this questionnaire, I would consider you dumb lunatic. That's not how statistics work lol. One of your weakest videos.
Veritasium: On these questions, smarter people do worse  Santa Klaus: On Dasher, on Dancer, on Prancer and Vixen, on Comet, on Cupid, on Donner and Blitzen
Biggest takeaway from this video: Political affiliations dumb down people’s reasoning. 😅😂🎉
Terrible video that wasted my time, I am disappointed in you Veritasium
I have a question. What about people who don't follow either political party. Or  have a disdain for them both. Where would they lay in the data?
God or No God?
I am assuming this is an example of ingroup bias?  Also interesting that people let their bias cloud their judgement. You should let the numbers shape your conclusion, although you may not agree with the findings.
I sure hope your guy TOLD them (afterwards) the data was made up - so we don't have a bunch of people making new decisions based on fake data :D
no
They've said Democratic policies are popular as long as they're not affiliated with Dems.
Kamala means horrible in Finnish.
Am I autistic? I just did the stupid math, didn't care about what the problem was about. That lady who needed to know what kind of cream or rash was he talking about made me stop the video for a second.
0:57  "... requires proportional reasoning".  Setting us up to fail, are we? Sorry, magician. Take your fingers back out of your sleeve.   Apparently the type of question that smart people struggle on, are *trick* questions with incomplete information.  You didn't mention how many people reported No Change.  It's easy to see the ratio and see more failures using the cream, but if we assume the Experiment and Control groups were the same size... which they frequently are in tests like this... the cream is obviously effective.  Now you've been fire-tested by a true genius. You may continue.
I read a book called, "How to think clearly" and my life was different, except for when it comes to Christianity, something close to my heart
It's not about being smarter, it's about getting over number biases
Well looking at the graph myself id say my answer would be the skin cream did worse. Due to the fact it made it worse by almost 3x compared to only 2x making it better. Thats a 150% worse really. Although im no Einstein.
Hmmmm this is interesting… what would happen if you asked people of a country where gun usage is banned by law and doesn’t have anything to do with politics? The same as the rash cream?
If the people know how to interpretation data they are fouling to question the data and reject tw study as fallacious.  This just proves people ate ignorant if they are less educated and think they k ow some thing.
I believe my autism has shielded me from this issue 😂
7:03 its interesting to see how the lines still vary drastically for the preferred vs disfavored answer
Content creators like you save USA in this era.
Paused at  0:57 to guess that it's better not to use it because about 5 times as many got better than worse instead of an approximate 3:1 ratio from using it and the sample size doesn't look different enough for confidence level to matter or affect it. Let's see how I do.
This study conflated objective and subjective reasoning.  In objective reasoning the object (in this case the study results) are observed and the individual modifies themselves in relation to the object.   In subjective reasoning however, the individual first inquires into their own status, then evaluates the object and manipulates the object to comport with themselves.   This is simple, but not easy to disentangle.  First you must establish what relationships an individuals self concept is dependent upon and then control for it.   This is determined by a person's metaphysical/physical dominance.  Physical types predicated thier identities on physical object relations, not concepts.  Since numbers are conceptual they do not have high numeracy.   Metaphysical types predicated their identities on concept relationships and since numbers are concepts are unlikely to modify themselves in the face of concepts because it results in a less stable self, or ego deflation as it has been otherwise described.
The skin cream question has nothing to do with math. This is a single study with an incredibly small sample size and, finally, is designed such that it cannot possibly give meaningful results because the control group was not given a placebo - they were given nothing.  This makes your conclusion: The cream made rashes worse. Being denied the cream made rashes improve.  The study, of course, needs both groups to use cream - one w the active ingredient, the other group cream without, with no discernable difference between the two apparent to the people in this "study.'  QED: The smart person got it right. The answer: The study is "wrong." A psych 101 student would fail for giving the "right" answer.   Next: I'm not stupid enough to be affiliated with a political party. AND WHETHER GUNS ARE USED TO MASSACRE CHILDREN IN SCHOOLS EVERY YEAR ISN'T A BELIEF.  Don't politicize facts, Fox News.  SECOND Q: "Gun control" in America would at best reinstate the assault weapons ban. Regardless, "gun control" is one thing and cannot be interpreted as being wholly responsible for massive social change. Lack of information, quality and quantity thereof, and ...  GOT IT! This whole video is the "Einstein failed math" BS!  People with normal intelligence... You want to prove you're smart. If you were, you would realize you're ignorance.   Step 1.
Crime improved with a green arrow pointing up. Looking at that, it just sounds like crime went up. Why would you label it that way lol
Ig i learned im dumb af, i tought thinking 75 is bigger so its betetr was bs. wasnt eve nthinkign about that as a logical argument. but i malso neurodivergent so probably also would need this test with that.
If the solitary person doesn't have a tribe to fit into (solitary), then there shouldn't be a bias, because the bias is a social construct?
Why do sheeple say climate change even might be man made when 1 changed polarity in suns magnetic field affect earths weather quite a bit?   2 oceans affect the weather a whole lot too?  It is about industrialisation of societies.   If world aks China to answer why some towns in China are called cancer towns would China answer?   Relevant question on subject.
Okay but you guys set up a scenarios which the result is literally *DO NOT CHANGE LAWS* 😂 but if you're gonna change laws it may be worse to change it in one direction or another. Or am i literally too ADHD and i missed the explanation of what was even being presented??
Okay, "smart guy" pedant here.   The answer to the question "did the skin cream make the rash better or worse" is...YES  We arent told the number of people in each group ir that a middle ground of "no change" has not occured. Its reasonable therefore to conclude that the skin cream has more of an *effect*.  Of course its more likely to make it worse relative to no skin cream, but if you *needed* it to get better and did care if got worse, depending on the actual underlying group number, the skin cream could still be the way to go!  Pedant OUT!
3:03 okay?
There have been a few studies about this phenomenon. More intelligent people tend to have more intellectual tools at their disposal to reason their way to a conclusion.
What does this have to do with smarter people getting it wrong? It's the complete opposite, a smarter person would get those right and not get influenced by politics.
Alternative conclusion: Brains are able to intuit the correct answer in spite of being shown falsified and missing data.   Because this grid does not incorporate the passage of time, people automatically intuit the missing information based on previously held information. That’s a win for the brains actually.
Lol, I thought you were saying guns, not gun control. I was quite confused...
The data seems kind of obvious. Since the total participants aren't equal in number for the studies you would have to derive the results as a percentage. Add the number of skin cream worked + skin cream worse for total  skin cream participants. Divide skin cream worse by total skin cream participants which will give you a %. Do that for non skin cream. Whichever percentage shows up higher will show which caused more rash. In the first example approximately 25% of participants using skin cream experienced a worse rash and only 16% not using skin cream experienced a worse rash. So for skin cream participants 75% got better but 25% got worse, for non skin cream 84% got better but 16% got worse.
To temper this slightly, many political statistics in the wild are deliberately misleading. I wonder if a part of the decision to lean on ideology when presented with such questions is a socially trained behaviour—the result of being fooled by misleadingly presented data in the past.
The numbers are fake, they didnt get it wrong, they used different reasoning because of the situation... someone who advocates for or against gun control knows more about gun control than skin cream. You're asking people what they think the numbers mean, and they correctly states there may be more variables in play. They could have used the same process for the skin cream, except they dont care enough about skin cream. i really dislike the misleading title and disagree with the conclusion reached
Like who to vote for HAHAHAHAHA
it pains me they didnt even look at the numbers T0T
I don’t think this is a political bias. This is just bias in general. If you showed results about if eating McDonald’s was healthier versus eating healthy food, people would immediately be biased that the McDonald’s was less healthy. Because they have previous data to influence their thinking
The correct answer regardless: "Considering I have no idea what the methodology behind getting these numbers was, you could have made them say anything to push your desired conclusion."
The solution is get rid of the two party system
One word: Confirmation bias.
The sad thing is there is also a simple solution that wasn’t mentioned, which is to listen to experts.  As someone trained to evaluate scientific papers and data, this seemed obvious to me. But even otherwise smart people might miss it. Thus it is better to keep information objective and defer to subject matter experts who are trained to evaluate the topic.
This killed my brain boner almost instantly
That's a dumb way to phrase the question, you said people were divided into two groups. And then in the data you showed that the groups were of different sizes.
I think the phrasing of the question is more important in this case, so the video isnt reaching a valid conclusion.
How does one include UNreported crime?
I love the first part... I got it correctly... But then it switched to something political that I dont care abt. We dont even have mass shootings in our 3rd world country
Love you my friend...😊
I feel like the title was overly clickbait. The questions very very easy to solve...
I think American schools should just teach four-field boards better (and also educate their students about political concepts and the current situation)
I dont think this is a case of how being smarter makes it harder to get right. This is more of a study on how uneducated people are and how people fail to understand proportions and think rationally
I don't agree with the tag line that "Being better at math can make you worse at math problems, and it’s completely rational". The better you are at math then the more likely you are to recognize that the answer to the question would involve ratios or percentages.
I look at your chart, and my response is simple. Based on your chart, the answer is X. In real life, the answer is what it actually is.
I'm sci-curious too. Real talk though hyperpolaization red team blue team fighting is such a waste of time.
It's a little annoying that the specific examples used for "political topics" are ones where liberals are just correct and people who disagree are wrong. Fracking and Global Warming are very established as a reality and a refusal to accept reality is the only thing that keeps someone from understanding that. And Gun Control clearly works by how much lower the incidence of gun violence is in countries with stricter gun regulation. I understand the point about more numerate people being more susceptible to their biases, but for one of those groups, the context tripping them up is objective reality and for the other, it's pure ignorance. Different forces at work. I think this video is highly understating what it means to be a Republican (or more specifically a Trump supporter) in 2024. It's not a political movement, Trump isn't a politician, he's a demagogue. It takes an enormous amount of ignorance (regardless of numeracy) to stand on that side of the divide right now. The two sides of the divide are in no way equal or equivalent right now, even if their beliefs may be acquired in similar ways. One set of beliefs would benefit the world and one is actively destroying it.
So smart people are ‘intuitively correct’ and just look at how many got better, even if there were 1,000 people in the Cream group & 100 in the Control group.   I think some further research could be done into the meaning of Smart and Correct.  Should probably do the same with Safe and Effective while you’re at it.
The fictitious study about gun control is not fair to the process and not like the skin cream question at all. "Here is a study where the data shows domestic abuse is good, what do the results say..." Of course, the correct answer for them to give would be "the data you are giving me shows that gun control works, but I don't think that reflects reality and the data may even be fake"(which it was)
I got the answer wrong bacause I thought that both the control and the cream groups were composed by n people. So only a fraction of them either improved or worsened, while the other fraction remained unchanged. In that case the cream would have done better.
So, basically if you’re strongly politically opinionated, you’re more likely to apply your intelligence incorrectly when discussing political topics.
My reasoning for the first question was, on average, cream does better to around 2 times the amount of people that gets better without, but around 3,5 times more people get a bad reaction, so i would have said it is worst to use it. Maybe it wasnt the right reasoning, but it fitted this time xd.
My question has to be why does the control group have less results than the ones using the product? Surely you should have the same total of people in each group?
So glad I'm dumb 😂
You have to make a distinction between political beliefs and pure logic. The problem with the gun control question is that the way somebody thinks, their logical conclusions about their experience in life, are reflected in who they vote, obviously. But do they answer that because they vote that person, or because for them it’s not a matter of numbers but common sense? I would change my political beliefs if I were shown enough solid evidence I know is true that contradicts it, but I wouldn’t change much way of thinking, I would just realice those who align with it are not who I thought. And this also explains why people with higher literacy rates got the answer as wrong: because they tend, logically, to be more sure of what they think, as they have put more thought into it.
You can't REASON someone out of an opinion that they didn't REASON themselves into.  (If they believe something blindly, you'll never convince them otherwise, regardless of facts presented)
In college I had an excellent statistics instructor. What I mostly learned from that class was you can take most any data, and pull information from it to make it indicate what you want it to show. Always look at numbers with a suspicious eye unless you collected the data yourself.  He gave us a single page document with all kinds of age groups and statistics regarding driving then broke the class into groups and assigned each group an age group. We were supposed to prove that our assigned age group was the safest drivers. From age 16-100, ever single age group could be shown to be the safest. It's all how one disseminates the data. For instance, my assigned group in this (likely fictitious) data experiment I had to prove 80-100 year olds were the safest drivers. They were; on weekdays from 2-4pm.
I wish they would have identified the range of passion for their political party on a distribution like they did for numeracy.
Oh my
I thought the answer was going to be dumb like "Technically having the cream improved more people on the test than not having the cream" even if proportionally it makes things worse
Doesn't the results show the opposite of what you're claiming they show? That "smarter" people tend to gravitate towards controversial and radical solutions to societal problems, whereas "other" people tend to prefer solutions that maintain the status quo (ie tribalism)?
But the graphs shown are more in alignment with hypothesis that political questions decrease the ability to reason mostly in people of AVERAGE or SLIGHTLY ABOVE AVERAGE intelligence, while the most intelligent people, although still being affected, show increasingly better results
sorry if I'm being dumb but how would you even translate the rash numbers to vun crime? "Gun crime improved in x individuals" doesn't seem like a sensible expression to me
1:06 Seems like people don't auto think about proportions. The first result is about 1/3 worse results, while the second is 1/5. That was immediately obvious.
If there is a set of 4 datapoints... Just look at all of them.
How tf can you say that being more intelligent makes you less likely to answer it right, it’s the most basic probability, only people that have no clue about what a probability is wouldn’t solve for example the first question right. So your affirmation about how “more intelligent “ people get it wrong more often, that’s definitely wrong!!
If you see data that proves something you don't like you'll think MUST I belive this? & check  carefully to be sure. In the opposite case you're more likely to jump to a conclusion that you do like.
There.   So that all of you can feel a little better.  There.
The slides on this scale also pretty clearly show that blue typically have an understanding of things closer to the imperial data we have, and red typically deny imperial data.. numeracy scores aside, it's interesting that red will more consistently deny actual science.. kinda explains trump
I think this accidentally turned out to be a great study on how smarter people (or people with specific knowledge) are better able to adjust their reasoning to fit the point they’re trying to make
Quick question: How is the numeracy score given to the individuals questioned?
Problem with gun question is even if someone says 'Gun control! Less crime' you have the higher decree 'Citizens should be allowed to be armed in case ever the state becomes a tyrant - otherwise how will they defend themselves'. If that is a core belief then having 'more crime' is an acceptable toll on society.  USA does not have a gun problem - it has a societal low trust and beat your chest gorilla problem
1:29 you can't use proportional reasoning on this table as it's not showing for how many people the rash neither worsened nor improved but stayed the same. Also, the total number of participants and the number of study drop-outs are missing.
I think there's a big difference between the kind of data you can get from a controlled skin rash study and a gun control study. There is so much more nuance to gun control. The skin cream has no nuance, it either helped or it didn't. Gun control can apparently increase crime in one area and apparently decrease it in another. Gun crime might decrease while other crimes might increase. One could say the numbers are inaccurate due to government incompetence or corruption. The issue is simply not so cut and dry as "did the rash improve". Data can be manipulated for political gain. Political changes can also have consequences much further down the line. Who's to say that police brutality doesn't increase dramatically if no one else has guns except them? And such crimes are known to go unreported or to be swept under the rug. My point is that there may be perfectly logical reasons why the numbers don't necessarily agree with one political leaning or another even if one is superior to the other.
Just proving that having knowledge on a subject let you recognize when a paper has fake data 😅
Should I be happy or sad that I got the answer to this question right?
Love the halo reach music
People can sometimes be biased even when they think they're not
its all about ratio of numbers
Would love to see what the results wouod be if this experiment was done in a country with a multi-party representative democracy, such as my home country of Norway.
I love the face he made when he said politics 😑 I totally feel that.
You could conclude the rash cream worked because 223-75 or 148 people were net improved, while those not using the skin cream had a 86 net people improvement.
Smart people can rationalize their beliefs is the quick take away but.. I would argue smart people have seen data and arguments that conflicts with the data they are seeing and are skeptical of the info they are shown and react defensively to uphold their prior beliefs. Beliefs impact world view and how we see the world and what we think of ourselves and others - so if a belief is found to be wrong, a person can just breakdown or get a divorse or stop talking to a parent, ect. Its more powerful then just being a belief. Beliefs determine morality, status, interest, motivation....  If you believe everything you are told you are an idiot too. Its hard to decipher on the spot. If someone comes to me challenging my views I will look into the info and arguments before allowing myself to be convinced to flip - so on the spot I would try to present a flaw to the argument, which I think is the rational thing to do - have a spine and defend what you know. Some things require an essays worth of thinking, so being put on the spot and having a sentence or two as you are working out this new info is a bit much.  If Im shown data that conflicts with my views, I would probably be able to type up a coherent essay but if put on the spot I might look like a dummy idiot rationalizing what I believed before or a dummy idiot shifting my entire world view and agreeing to potentially false data. Might depend on how tired I am, how compassionate and open I feel, or how tired and sick of BS I feel.
I don't think I have ever heard a better advertisement for Ground News, I hope they are paying you well.  I've avoided checking them out till now because I can't believe anyone is unbiased, but your example was rather compelling.
Oh no, am I dumb? Instant answer as soon as the numbers were up  7:55 = higher educated democrats lap up the indoctrination while conservatives know that laws don't stop lawbreakers.
ı still cant understand how can crime increase and decrease at the same time ? it should be something like there is bunch of criminal in that city and this graphic should show us how many of them keep their criminal activity going and how many of them drop criminal activity. Crime increas and decrease doesn't make sense in a word for me .
Realisation moment! Finding life outside the earth would bring a sense of unity unlike anything we've seen before, our limited human brains would finally look at each other as part of the same tribe. That's why finding extraterrestrial life is paramount for world peace, and maybe that why nations who thrive in war are known to try to hide evidence for alien life.
That's why I always though patriotism can be negative. It can bring you closer together, but at the cost of empathy for outsiders, specially depending on who's leading the herd
If agreeing with people is socially smart, could that explain why I, being so out if touch socially, think so differently that anyone around me?
3:02 .... Love it. The self-confidence. The slightly raised voice. The "I don't fall for your trick question" attitude. Funny and frustrating at the same time.
Why did so many more people use the cream rather than not using the cream
This video is majorly flawed. You want to believe “new evidence” can change someone’s opinion but you fail to understand it’s the evidence itself that is always changing. Don’t believe me? Try fact checking.
That proportional solution in the question about cream doesn't account for 3rd possibility - rash didn't change. I think the solution presented in the video assumes that if rash worsened even by minuscule amount that's still worsening and the same for the variant where rash becomes better. In this case we could really divide all test subjects into 2 groups - got worse/got better. However I highly doubt that it's possible to have such incredible precision.  In the problem we don't have some critical information - how many people are in each group, which would be relevant if we have that 3rd possibility where rash didn't got better or worse, i.e. stayed roughly the same. In this case each group would be divided into 3 subgroups by result - got worse, didn't change, got better. And results shown to us show only 2 of these 3 groups, which means we have no information how many people didn't have changes in their condition.  Here's an example how that would change things: Let's assume that both groups have the same number of people(we have no evidence for that, it's just an example): N = 223+75+X = 107+21+Y or we can simplify: Y = X + 223 + 75 - (107+21) = X + 170; Where X is the number of people that didn't have changes while using cream and Y - number of people that didn't have changes while not using cream. And N is the number of all people in a group which is equal to both groups. Now we'll have to split question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse" into two questions: 1) "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" 2) "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" And now we can use proportions to answer both questions. Question number 1 can be answered by comparing 2 numbers. First number is - how many people got better? Second number is - how many people DIDN'T get better? For the group that used cream those numbers are 223(i.e. got better) and 75+X(i.e. got worse plus didn't change) For the group that didn't use the cream those numbers are 107(got better) and 21+Y(got worse plus didn't change) We know that Y = X+170. Let's substitute Y. so for the group that didn't use cream numbers are: 107(better) and 21+X+170=X+191 So proportionally speaking 223 over 75+X is bigger than 107 over X+191. That's also obvious from the fact that we assumed that both groups have the same number of people and 223 is a bigger fraction from the same number than 107: 223/N > 107/N (because in our case N is always positive) So the answer to the first question "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" is Yes! But it DOESN'T mean that answer to the second question is No. We can check it by looking at numbers for the second question we have: For the group that used cream 75 is how many people got worse, and 223+X is how many people didn't get worse And for the group that didn't use the cream - 21 is how many people got worse and 107+Y is how many people didn't get worse. Similarly 75/N is bigger than 21/N, so the answer for the question "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" is also Yes! In our example skin cream accelerates both people getting better and getting worse. And in control group that didn't use cream more people kept their state unchanged. So the cream both made the rash better and worse at the same time! If you'd like to answer the initial question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse?" the answer is Yes😁 "Yes - the skin cream makes the rash better OR worse"😄
Now do the study with vaccines.
I guess common sense isnt a thing anymore
Ooooooooh. This is great!
America is doomed and this explains why.
So this could just be my brain not entirely interpreting semantics correctly, but one thing I'm unclear on from how this test is being presented is whether or not the people being tested were informed that the fictitious studies WERE fictitious.  For the gun control one, I'm absolutely a lefty boi who believes in tighter gun control. If you come to me and say "Here's a math problem about a fictional study on gun control" i'm more likely to engage with that and answer correctly, as I did with the skin cream thing. If you present it to me as "Here's a study that was done on gun control" and present it as a real one, I'm probably going to get that wrong because I'm going in with my current notions of GC, which say that all fair studies done on the subject indicate that conditions improve when fewer guns are present.  Whether that would be the difference between me getting the answer right or wrong, I don’t know, but it certainly wouldn’t have NO effect, if that makes sense
What can we do about political polarization? People need to learn that what they think, or feel, is not always true and to stop taking everything personally.
I've already commented but I'll add one more point. This is not a fair attempt at finding consistency. Whether or not a cream works is a binary result with no further factors. (Well, very few).  The gun control question isn't as simple as a crime totals graph. The man was right... It wasn't a graph on 'gun related crime', just 'crime'. There are other factors involved, and the (fictitious) cities involved all differ.   I'm not saying political bias doesn't affect our logic, just that the gun control premise was a poor example.
I didn’t see this taking a sharp turn to gun control. But brilliantly presented perspective on our bias
I've gotta say, the wording on the graph is truly poorly displayed. It actually played tricks with my brain. You don't write it as 'crime improved' with an upwards arrow, you write it as 'crime decreased' with a downwards arrow. As someone with a splash of autism, this drove me nuts. Crime is a measure of quantity, not quality.
This video made me feel so much better regarding people. Thank you
What this video further solidifies for me (a long held belief) is that there is *_nothing_* about having a 2 party system which benefits us‼️ To see just absolutely insane this system is, think of it this way: You have a 100 question test covering all of society's most *important issues* and the collective answers to these questions will have very *real world* effects on the lives of everyone... Now objectively these should all answered with full essay style responses showing how you reached an evidence based conclusion right? But nope... instead we're gonna do multiple choice and not only that but you must choose with answering either "A" for *every question* or answering "B" for *every question‼️👍* Do you see how asinine our system is now⁉️ 🤔
I don't think the examples are the same though. I can easily understand when a group of people have their symptoms getting worst, but I can not understand what it would mean for crimes increase AND decrease in the same city
I refuse to believe that any “smart” person would just look for the bigger number
" Smarter People Do worse" - interview people that have no idea how statistics & numbers work eh
Calling the implication of the chart the "correct" answer is already poisoning the well. Higher numeracy people are thinking more about the fact that the gun issue is multifaceted in a way the skin cream example isn't (or isn't in a way that's immediately apparent). They're prompted by their bias to do so, sure, but that doesn't make them more incorrect. If this was an interview for a job as a skin cream QA analyst the graphs would be the same, cause the person would have a reason to think about it critically in a way they don't when they don't care about the skin cream example. Yes it's bias that causes it for the gun example, but it doesn't say anything about who's getting the correct answer with any given example. If anything, everyone bringing justifications is more correct than "correct" answer according to the chart because they're thinking critically and providing context. This whole video has freakonomics energy
Lazy system 2
dump people failed to recognise they are going to contradict their beliefs (or just did math wrong) smart people wanted to justify/rationalise their beliefs with any numbers shown to them.
With the gun control question, does the study take into account the conflict with what they're seeing and the reality that they know? Was it explained that the problem is fictional and isn't expected to align with reality but should be viewed as a math problem only? If you were given a math problem that somehow showed the sun orbited the earth, you'd get messed up data because people know that isn't true. They aren't going to want to participate in a delusion unless they're assured it's all a fictitious thought exercise.
I always question my own thinking from another perspective
So rename republican talking points to confuse the brainwashed masses who watch fox news... It's not climate change, it's rising ocean levels, it's not gun control, it's rather prevent bad people to have them... Brilliant!
Not watched the whole video but isn’t the first question something to do with chi-squared?
TLDR; People are brainwashed and no amount of reasoning with them will do any good.
Serious issue with study,  do the participants know its hypothetical? They may already know a wealth of statistics that contradict the info being presented
The "smarter" people are the ones who got the question wrong? Maybe you got your defintion of smarter wrong
Your “American friend”? 🤔 Are you not also American, Derek?? I always thought you were.
So smarter people are those who let POLITICS influence their decision in this simple question? Even I was saying to myself "These are not the correct index-numbers for this decision, but this does not affect anything" and noticed more crime would mean more crime with gun with greater probability for injury. I know smart people can manipulate the numbers to get their desired results but those are truly clever would really know there is no way to describe a complex problem with one simple number.
Thanks for saying that everyone makes their own reality and we're all the same, why can't we get along, when one party is actively refuting and discrediting science and the other one is not.
Because there's not enough information to make a unbiased judgment. Of course they're going to apply their own data and lived experience when you give them nothing but vague numbers
" climate change" is science, not partisan rhetoric, except the Republicans of Florida have made it partisan rhetoric by canceling that word. You are agreeing with that it seems...
I am very left leaning & believe that alt-right people are very different from me, so this video does not confirm my biases thus it must be wrong 🤫🤭
I don't get it, how not doing proportion is more "rationnal". And what politic has anything to do with rationnality? They're different subject, if they can't separate math and politic, then they're irrational. Math alone is not proof, it can be manipulated or in this case, irrevelant context just for a math problem like we all had at school. A evidence being true doesn't necessary invalid an opinion. Gun could lead to more victim and still believe it's a right regardless.
I'm politically independent and it seems to me that Democrats are more intellectually dishonest than Republicans. They both suck though, and I have no doubt about that.
No the intuitive is to examine the worst case. Therefore a 2-3 time increase of people saying it was worse demonstrates the cream is ineffective. I'd say those "smart people" are actually not such a thing. They are stupid
Actually got an ad for skin cream :D
75/298 = 25% of people who took the cream the rash got worse  21/107 = 16% of people who didn’t take the cream the rash got worse  Therefore taking the cream is worse
Cream made it worse.   Imagine not knowing how to do math
This is why I think it’s important for the LSAT to be taught in school.   I knew right away to think of it in proportions.
I didn't find anything here to be that extraordinary when looking at it from the big picture except one thing. Incorrect data and intentionally misrepresented data is a far more dangerous weapon than any of us probably give it credit for being..
Thanks!
"People won't instantly change their beliefs when encountering data from a random source. This proves that people don't actually consider evidence or change their beliefs."
This seems like a false equivalency because testing one variable with a skin cream where as the other is something that has more variables to assess making people innately suspicious of the question.
I dont know if im wrong, but i feel there is also a semantics issue here? Really, given how the question is poised, either answer would be correct from an absolute standpoint or a relative standpoint.
considering all this... how about you make a video about socialism x capitalism to show us how to deal with really antagonistic topics
I wish I had been presented the fake data not in the context of this video. I have high numeracy and immediately looked at the proportions and arrived at the correct conclusion.   But I wonder how I would have reacted to the gun control question. As a 2A supporter who carries lawfully (in California, no less) who actually had a defensive use if a firearm that lijj k sly saved me from great bodily harm (or possibly even death) I would not believe that gun control reduces crime.   Thus, I wonder if I would have been able to, if presented with “data” that supports the absurd notion that gun control reduces crime, been able to say to the interviewer, “your data, despite suggesting that gun control reduces crime, is fake. Either you are lying, misinformed, or are using me for an experiment”.
The rash cream question is flawed because you don't say if the groups are the same size or not. You don't show the number of people who saw no change.
Creating a false narrative (flipping stats) to find a hidden variable actually inserts a new variable (inconsistency). Using another non-polarized subject might get you more accurate answers. Otherwise, all you have done is measure the consistency of worldviews.
Question. Is there a difference found in neurodyvergient people or didn't the study look at this?
Regarding the Rash Cream study, at first glance I went straight to proportions. However, when asked if the cream worked I would still say yes. When asked if the cream resulted in more complications I would also say yes. I believe it is more-so the way the question is worded than it is the numeracy of the question.
"Smarter" doing a lot of heavy lifting here. lol
please run for president
The last argument about ‘scientific curiosity’ is incomplete.  The two plots demonstrate polarization is independent of curiosity.   Was the point to demonstrate that fostering curiosity was helpful in reducing polarization?  It is not.   It would be helpful to include data on curiosity in the first analysis (where it was just data and not evaluating a statement).  Otherwise this is just an apples and oranges comparison.  I don’t think it’s surprising that there is higher polarization among the more highly scientifically literate when evaluating a statement as apposed to evaluating numbers.  Since the test question is subjective, some will answer based on their view point because they HAVE one, whether it is tribal influence or not.  They are simply ‘engaged’ with the issue…thinking about it and interacting with peers.  I suspect ‘engagement’ probably correlates more strongly with tribalism than scientific literacy.   And (importantly) if engagement and literacy are strongly correlated, this also can explain the plot, and perhaps we are seeing engagement (or something other than literacy) in the data.  The less scientifically literate may tend to be more reactive and impulsive; a possible explanation of  the ‘scatter’ in the the responses (i.e. about the same likely hood of agreeing or disagreeing) in that group.  The non-curious give the tribal response, which seems intuitive.   But intuition (and hopefulness?) diminishes as we see the tribal response is equally probably among the curious.
The best part of this video, is when you referred to the "Human SPECIES" and did not say "human RACE" like all the retards out there.   THANK YOU!!!!!
The first question's wording is kind of unclear. The skin cream did make it better, because twice as many people had improvements. Sure, there obviously is a greater chance of them getting worse, but its still not as large as their chances of getting better. If you do nothing you have a smaller chance of it getting better, but also a smaller chance of it getting worse. By taking the cream you triple the chances of it getting worse but double the chances of it getting better. While that isn't ideal, I'd still say that is a benefit given that the amount of people who get better with the cream is still three times as large as those who get worse. I don't get the logic that not using the cream means your chances of improvement are better.  Why are we just looking at proportions of getting better vs getting worse? Or are the group sizes different between the "used cream" and "no cream" samples? Because if you have a group of say 500 people, and only around a 100 people get better without treatment but 200 people get better with treatment, that's an improvement isn't it? Sure you might decide that the risk of it getting worse is not worth the increased chance that it will improve, but I don't think that means that the treatment is ineffective.
So basically you showed that smart people think more. Interesting.
So most people are just brainwashed sheep that can't actually think for themselves. Checks out.
You can find a video about the Superflywheel at me !
The skin cream thing is entirely hypothetical. The people being asked have no preconception of whether this (fictitious, unnamed) experimental skin cream is effective or not. It's easy to be impartial, not just because it's apolitical, but because the topic is entirely alien. We have no biases, and we also have no knowledge of it aside from what's presented in the chart.  But when you make it about gun control, the numbers are misleading. They're fictitious. Gun control is real, and there's real data about it that the people questioned may already be familiar with. I majored in Law Enforcement Technology in college, and I write extensively on gun policy topics, so I've read the crime stats. I've read different studies. When I was a police officer, I used to analyze and help track these statistics first-hand. I already have pre-formed ideas about this topic, not because of political allegiances, but because I've STUDIED the matter. So my first reaction upon seeing your numbers would be disbelief, no matter how you labeled it, because I've already seen the real numbers, and I know the general consensus among researchers is that gun control has no significant impact on crime rates one way or the other.   Low-numeracy people, however, are far less likely to be statistics geeks who study this kind of thing. And therefore, they're going to be more easily swayed by your false data.
If you ask asian they alway use math skill or just don't even use brain at all, there's no in between
Now do it for the "covid vaccine" or "gender affirming care"
The people trying to uncover the meaning of fictional numbers… just answer the damn question!
3:00 LOL. You just know that shield cap lady would tell you to "do your own research" while not being capable to think about 4 numbers for 5s XD
I'm always sceptical of social science and I think there's good reason for it. It's a field with endless confounders. Not a hard jab at social science really, it's just incredibly hard and expensive to do right. The confounders here are just incredible. Imagine differences in media engagement between numeracy groups. Various social codes. Understanding of the 'positive' role lying may have to surveys like this. High-certainty groups probably being high numeracy groups (intuitively). I'm not saying I'm right on all of those, just that you could easily explain away the positive result like this.   7:56 I'm not that good at stats. But surely the actual political polarization could make be used to isolate the impact of numeracy to explaining the effect of numeracy more accurately? For example does accuracy follow the size of the gap, the overall strength of belief, if the other party is positioned in direct opposition or just believes the issues are smaller.  It's just very hard for me to see that this conclusion is well baked.
I just thought the whole experiment was wrong, like why would the control group not just use a similar cream, but without the actives being tested, so it would be easier to control for placebo and also possible allergies to bland cream or just the fact the rash is not as exposed? Then, after seeing the numbers yeah, clearly the proportion shows the cream made it worse more than made it better, but not all rashes are the same and the experiment in itself is weird, so I could not ever conclude anything from that other than more tests would be needed to actually know for sure.
I think there is a values aspect too. For example, if you told me communism reduces poverty and showed data, I might be opposed to it, not because I’m too biased to see the truth of the data, but because I believe communism is inherently an unfair economic model regardless of the data. So it’s not just fear of being ostracized
Nice vid but didn't like the clickbait title. Proportions of win loss do matter but sometimes proportions on pool size also matter. Let's say the rash isn't that of a big deal and say the cream improved 10000 of the 20000 but worsened 1000 that's a 20 times better than worse result but 5% worsen in condition which could render the effect bad from irrelevant. And let's say not applying the cream made 100 people better and 50 worse. In that case applying would make sense in the default scenario, but due to context many people would not want to use the cream due to the danger of worsening something irrelevant. So context does matter.   Ps: of course bias exists and I get the point of the video,but context matters
Yay I got it right!!!! Wait a minute.....
Yeah, data, so... 13%.....
It's just showcase that USA citizen have problem with basic math. Proportions and Procetages are basic knowledge around the world. USA people use it everyday. 10% off, 20% off. And so on, Yet they still fail at this
People that *think* they're smart should be the clarifier there.   People who are smart but question everything wouldn't be fooled.  They're smart enough to realize they don't know everything.
10:21 not a joke, you should remake the study on autistic people only, again, not a joke, I would be interested in seeing if they would be able to point out inaccuracies, if somehow they are less likely to fall for "tribalist biases" given the fact that the lack of interest in a tribe is somewhat of a defining characteristic of people in the spectrum. As a doctor, this would be very interesting to me
Can anyone explain the term "Science Intelligence" from the graph at 11:38 to me and what differentiates it from science curiosity?  I would love to see the absolute numbers or the distribution of republicans and democrats for different levels of science intelligence. Either way there can only be one truth, if humans are the major cause of climate change, believe does not change the fact, so one group must be very wrong. Question is, if there are really so many people that are highly intelligent to science (whatever that means) or if the group that got it wrong, is pretty small in absolute numbers.
what about the group in which the cream did nothing? Normally treatment arms are equally distributed. If you assume that, then the cream worked better (though with some risk).
The first response i had was to convert the numbers to ratios and then compare.   On the second example, my first question was, how are non-gun control cities showing an increase or decrease in crime when their laws didn't change. They would've had to repeal the laws to show a change.  My next move was to convert to ratios again and compare.   That said, i have a degree in Accounting and a minor in statistical economics and graduated with a 4.0. So I'm probably not a fair example. 😂
Veritassium proving that democracy doesn't work, apart from choosing the best at démagogie, is brilliant
Good old confirmation bias.  One of the biggest threats to good science honestly.
When I see people trying to rationalize statistics that were made up for a theoretical mathematical puzzle, I begin to think that the problem is not politics, but Americans.
Jesus christ another 10/10 video
the conclusion is the majority point of view on that topic, the questions are bs
The heading is misleading at best, and wrong at worst. It should be "on these questions, average people do worse than ignorant people", because people with scores higher than 7-8 do better than people with lower scores
I don't understand how it is possible that 2/10 of the people who scored 9/9 in numeracy score could get the cream question wrong.
Clickbait title
There's also the fact that sociological studies are unreliable to the point of being useless. If you've been watching the wonderfull world of academia for the last few years, you'll know that almost all fundamental "experiments" that underpin the modern sociology and psychology turned out to be "unreproducable" at best or flat out fradulent at worst.   Turns out, scientists are just people too and they are just as likely to make up data to support their presuppositions as your racist uncle at the diner table.   It's a sad state of affairs, but now whenever I hear about research that touches on any politically charged subject like race, gender, climate, gun control etc. I automatically assume it's fraudulent.
"Crime Improved" phrase confuses people. This was a bigger factor than the numbers I believe.  Changing the phrase "Crime Increase" only in the graphics in the video is disingenuous.
@5:58 Someone tell this boy about Chicago holy crap 😂
republican or democrat it does not matter, we are all human brothers, what matters is the satanic pedophiles and the deceivers, pulling the strings buying everybody's souls without being known ever who never has human brothers interest in mind
This explains why so many people now believe that people have a sexed soul.
No human being can truly see the world as it is until they transition from a caterpillar to a butterfly. Humans must evolve from sheep following the herd to solitary wolves. They need to detach from what they hold most dear—their beliefs, knowledge, and thoughts, which they mistakenly identify with. But none of this is who they truly are. It’s just the residue of the involution humanity has undergone for thousands of years. The human of the future hasn’t been born yet, but they’re on their way. The pursuit of knowledge, the need to be right, and the endless search for truth and security belong to the humans of the past. The human to come will no longer seek, for they will be. They will know, without needing to understand or accumulate dead knowledge. They will be connected to their divine self. The duality of truth will no longer interest them. They won’t need gurus, books, or religions because they will follow their inner guidance. They won’t cling to the forms of things and will have long understood that their thoughts were never truly theirs—they were merely parasitic signals they received. They once endured their thoughts; now, they are creators. Their work has only just begun. Thank you for sharing. This video is proof that the change has already begun. Peace to those with ears to hear.
My intuitive answer was actually the proportionality of the cases of the rash getting worse to the rash getting better.  The one with the Cream had a higher number of the rash getting better, but also a much higher proportional number of them getting worse.  The easy math was that 75 is around 1/3rd of 225, so it's roughly 1/3rd the amount who got better got worse, whereas in the case of those who didn't use it, less than 1/4th got worse.
I would have been like: skin cream? have you tried raw milk??  haha.
I would always question the consistancy because the numbers arent even, therefore i cant really say if its worse or not
I think you don't know what intuitively means
So this is why power is desirable to politicians then? Because it allows you to lead your own tribe to better conditions while expanding the size of your tribe? Do all politicians, in some way, share the goal of making sure the entirety of society belongs to the same tribe and accepts the needs of that tribe as "truth", only shaped by the specific tribe they themselves belong to? That's an interesting thought..
finally. somethings i can be good at
I would love to see this study be done in Europe, where most countries have multiple popular parties, which in theory should reduce the effect of peer pressure, as it is easier for people change opinions as there are more parties with similar opinions.  It would have also been funny to question a 3rd group of people of what they think someone they believe in would think politically? Such as Jesus!  ReligionForBreakfast did a good video on it!  And I believe this could've worked as a better example of the bias people have works, as due to the topic of gun control, many people are as easy to dismiss / mistake this video's intended message (as can be seen from many of the comments here, who fall for the exact same trap :P )
The smart people were not in that area….
Has this been tried outside USA…?
Dam that is quite a concrete scientific way of showing that your preconceived beliefs effect how you see reality.
I love the moral of the story, but I feel like the design of the study is flawed. You're asking people about micro- vs. macro-environments/interventions/consequences. It's not irrational to be skeptical of a one-dimensional data point on an incredibly complex problem on the scale of an entire population. In fact, it's probably favorable that they would want to gather outside context before being willing to attribute the effect to gun control.    Like, "rash worsened" is fairly objective and small, and most people would agree when classifying samples. "Crime worsened"?? If last year there was one murder and this year there were 0 murders but 5 sexual assaults, did crime "worsen" or "improve"?   Again, I love and agree with the moral of the story, but the conclusions drawn by the study seem to have big gigantic holes in them.  P.S. The irony is that several of the people were doing the EXACT THING HE SPENT 5 MINUTES EFFUSIVELY PRAISING with Ground News. He literally mentions an example where the left were leaning on a specific data point and the right were leaning on another, and how Ground News pushes us to take in all the context. That's exactly what people were doing when they were skeptical of this super reductionist single stat.
The funny thing about confirmation bias is even starting out with the intent to study it unbiased way, you often insert bias. If an unbiased political sense desired, you still likely lean it in a political way. The wording and diagram of the 2nd test is much less clear than the first one about skin care. Many people could get the wrong conclusion not just because of leaning or competency but because of the specific wording used. Should run a similar test with the exact phrasing. Additionally the multiple negative of a crossed out gun, making bad crime, decrease etc can throw people further from the facts or data your trying to present.  I don't have a hard time believing that most of the time peoples mathematical rational is decreased when they are emotionally invested, but if many more people are doing poorly on the 2nd test, perhaps the 2nd test is flawed in a critical detail.
You know there's PHDs who believe in Jesus christ right... veritasium fell off lmao
I have thought a lot about this problem. I would say people would be more willing to accept facts if they felt assured that the facts were unbiased. I have seen examples of strong confirmation bias in science. When you see it happen once, you never forget it. Imagine a shirtless guy with a loaded 45 on his hip explain to you why increased gun control is bad for America. Now, imagine a transgender hipster explaining how increasing CO2 rates are likely going to cause runaway global warming that will sterilize planet earth. Nobody is going to take anything they have to say serious, even if everything they said is true.
That lady at 3:05 gets it  How are we meant to know!? Could have been a milllion other things that made people's rash better or worse! Needed to them it was an imaginary study and that we are just trying to guess which treatment worked better from the available data, not actually make a judgement
The question becomes, where are you getting the stats in the first place?
This is an interesting point. It shows that are opinions highly affect are view of data and facts.
Why were the groups different in numbers of people? The correct approach would be to have the same number of people in the control and treatment groups. I think this is problematic, don't you think? Could someone explain?
An experiment determined biases exist and inhibit reason and logic. Really. Instinct makes us hostile to anything that threatens our world view, nice thing about being human? Instinct does not control us. Ask someone WHY they believe something, different from you. Don't interrupt them, don't try to change their mind... just listen.
It takes awhile to analyze the table and figure it out, and most people arenʼt doing that on the spot.
Sure, people use heuristics and when looking at something with lots of priors, they will quickly default to their intuitive understanding rather than go through the mental effort to reason through something. This isn't groundbreaking stuff. Also, god damn, centrism masquerading as scientific revelation is really annoying.
It would seem like a better title would be “politically biased people do worse on these questions” but if that were the title I would be less likely to click on it.
What this video has taught me is that people choose to be stupid.
And here i am. Trying to prove my point with math, and eventually change my mind losing an argument if i am wrong and getting nothing if i am correct.
Shout out to Derek for not resorting to cheap click bait to promote this video. I truly appreciate it.
As a democrat, i believe that crimes would increase if guns were illegal simply because it is now illegal to own guns.
this problem is so easy just think a little and you get it You just need a bit of logic, but if you are truely good at math then logic shouldn't be a problem at all
It's probably because the question is defined in a way that doesn't make sense. There's a dozen ways to quantify "Did the cream make the rash better or worse", and which one you choose gives an entirely different answer.
your “smart” people arent smart enough… should be really easy….
The biggest problem humans have in this is the fact that emotions have a bigger impact on our beliefs than our logic. You can come to a conclusion with logic, but that conclusion will only cement itself as a belief with repetition or emotional content.
Why have 2 parties
I wish the video would have started with the gun control chart so I could have checked my own bias
"On these questions, smarter people question the motivation, methodology, and oversimplification of the questioner when it comes to highly politicized topics, and therefore we mark them as wrong, participating in the confirmation bias we are accusing them of" doesn't make as good of a clickbait title.
I don’t think it’s about not being able to see the right answer.  I think it’s that they’re worried about their response being used by a push poll.
😂😂 normies I've never fit in with any group
the issue is that with a rash cream study, in theory, all variables would have been eliminated to the best of their ability as is typical with drug trials and medical studies. with a gun control study, you can't eliminate many variables nor do you solve with any of the issues that come with cause and effect and the pseudoscience of sociology
this is news to me. conservatives believe gun control increases crime? huh? the conservatives i talk to say gun control doesnt work, not that it makes things worse.
This study illuminated something that was not expected: PEOPLE DO NOT BELIVE "Studies" ANYMORE! They are so used to being lied to and manipulated, they go on to attempt to use their own logic and experience to come to a conclusion. You can actually watch people looking at the numbers and trying to reason how it was trying to manipulate their beliefs.
This is precisely why bias is so dangerous. Our media, scientists, and teachers are big areas where being impartial is extremely important.
Here’s the kicker, though: People who are aware of their biases become more certain that they’re not biased because of their own awareness of their bias 😵‍💫
8:30  "I need to look at the sources." That's good.  Being told that numbers aren't real and still thinking the numbers were similar ratios. That's bad.
Easy solution: Segregation! people with like minded ideas move together. In the US you guys have a great chance with the different states, giving less power to the overall government and more to the local governments. In the current system at least 50% lose after every election...
what i see is that right winged people are more stable than people inclined to the left....
As other math major and "data scientist" these examples are kind of no suprice. I'd guess that if you have more numeracy skill you are more likely to discause with the numbers. And this is very important part of reading the numbers. When it comes to sunscream there are no priore beleifs therefore there is less challenge to be done. With gun controll it is otherwise. Guy at 8:24 basicliy is an instance of this little theory.
If some one were to try to sell me on skin crème based on numbers on a dubious poster would be sceptical too. Give me the horse dewormer paste any day.  Lies, Damed lies and statistics.   Believe the science ring a bell.
STEM here with a generally good numeracy level. I gave myself a couple of seconds pausing the questions. Although I got them right in the end, I can say for sure that the moment the question went from creams to guns, my brain instantly started freezing and it took me more effort to figure it out. And i also had the benefit of hindsight.
Fear based thinking is the only bias that's counterproductive to the growth of our species.
To be fair, even on lotion people didn't look at it proportionally
Hmm what I took away from this was that less intelligent people are not capable of a confirmation bias. Which is fascinating 🧐
They know the right answer, they're just lying.
This would be a flawed study anyway because the test group is so much larger than the control group. The sample size should be the same in both groups, and variables should be split equally and controlled for. An allergen test panel should run on those that responded negatively to the cream to ensure they are not allergic to any of it's ingredients, then we would be able to determine if the cream is effective or not.
Easier solution: don't label what the study is about lol
When it comes to people, perception is everything 💯
The most interesting part of this to me is how Republicans are Red and Democrats are Blue...
can we call that numeracy skills? idk. that’s an extremely simple problem
Anyone going to mention the fact that areas with more gun control have higher instances of violent crime.  It's in the numbers
WTF the intuitive answer is not   "use the cream".
I think the biggest flaw is having Americans take part in a rational and intelligence test
Okay so we all have preconceived notions, things that we’ve experienced or feel to be true. And are not open to reconsideration.    I knew that and I’m not ashamed of it, I’m only human.
I don't get what's so complicated about the data given. Don't people understand fractions?
No these are very easy questions... To be honest you can pull people from random crowds in any East Asian countries and 9/10 people would get simple problems like these correct. Having said that, PAX AMERICANA cuz you guys don't need that level of literacy or numeracy to live a comfortable life. I want you all American people to be grateful for what you guys have while the rest of the world is suffering from crumbling economy. Literally the only developed country atm whose GDP is growing at an appreciable rate.
A great lesson in humanity is that at our core we are extraordinarily similar. Getting to know the "opposite side" is usually enough to at least start a process of introspection.
The fact that the two control groups were not an equal amount of participants, well it kind of proves that the real purpose of the study was to make it clear that most people do not know how to understand statistics. And Yes politicians will always use statistics to fool, oh sorry, sway us.
You gonna be kidding me, within seconds, I solve it. By multiply "without cream" numbers by 2!!
Ahh!! So you found out that people are cognitively dissonant sheep!! 😅  The moment you said “fictitious study”, I wouldn’t have cared what it said. I would have gave the same correct answer. Now if you told me it was a real study, I STILL would have given the same answer, but then afterwards I would have questioned where you got that data. For the sake of humanity, people need to figure out how to interpret data OBJECTIVELY!! But hey, if people ever figured out how to do that, they probably wouldn’t be participating in this political charade to begin with. 🤷‍♂️
9:23 Your team asked about about evidence though, right? Not a random power point slide.
Why did I find it so easy to understand the first scenario and so hard to understand the second?
I like things like this but my Asperger's gets in the way.  All I can think about is how they didn't use the same number of people.  It drives me crazy. How can you have a fair comparison when it's using different numbers of people.  Argh. But after forcing myself to accept that I got all of them right.  I'm also a blue voter who carries a gun since I turned 21 over 40 years ago.   My compliment to the channel.
Thank you
My first thought when he said "tracking crime rates in cities" was "By what metric? Did they just decriminalize certain behaviors to make the numbers look lower or did they lock up criminals?" There are so many statistical loopholes and linguistic tricks political groups can use to paint the picture the way they want.
Preconcieved opinion bias overcomes logical thought.
This is utterly fascinating! Thanks for posting this
Sorry, but smart people are not getting the first question wrong. It’s basic maths. Smart people don’t just pick the biggest number.
The problem is the the evidence contradicts Republicans consistently. The ACTUAL data on gun control for example shows it to be highly effective, climate change is real etc. Edit:  So we must present TRUTH only ln ways that don't offend Republicans or contradict Trump.
The title made the video very confusing for me. I considered myself smart, and hence thought my answer should be wrong and that i will get to learn something new. But then i was right, and started questioning if i wasn't smart enough to get it wrong. lol.
“climate change” being called a partisan terminology is cringe, we are arguing over whether or not it’s raining while our boat is filling with water, and you’re telling me “rain” is a loaded phrase and I’m gonna upset the rain deniers. THE BOAT IS FILLING WITH WATER, MAYBE WE SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT.
Big bait and switch in the title.  The vast majority of the video is on political bias.
Seems like bias confirmation. An effect which is well understood.
I knew it was clickbait, and I clicked anyway. Looks like I'm not as smart as I thought either.
In an effort to see other perspectives, perhaps watch the Stephen C Meyer interview on JRE or read his book, Signature in the Cell.
Always asking random morons on the street lol... Look beyond, government always wants to get bigger, why would you believe anything they say? Basic reasoning reveals everything plain and simple.
Amazing
Statistics are just one tool to use when coming to a decision. Crime could be down because a state legalized certain things that used to be crime.
For the skin cream problem is impossible to know with that data, what if the control group has healthier skin overall? You have to consider other factors
I can't believe both Dereck and the researches made such an obvious 'numeracy' mistake WHILE TALKING ABOUT NUMERACY.   THEY DIDN'T SAY WHAT SIZES THE GROUPS WERE! (in the fictitious experiment). Dereck makes no mention of it, and the researchers, when presenting the results of the fake study to the participants of this one, say only "Because participants do not always complete studies, the total number of patients in each of the two groups is not exactly the same", and I'm not even sure that this is meant to clarify the sizes of the groups, because 298 and 128 are more than not 'exactly' the same.   We are of course meant to assume that every participant in either group is counted in the results table, that everyone had their rashes either improve or worsen, because only then does it make sense to use the proportion of rashes worsened to rashes improved to conclude whether the cream helped or harmed.   But this is not the most natural assumption to make. Most studies of this kind are designed with groups of the same size, and so even considering that not everyone completes studies, the number of people in each group who report results is roughly the same.  If we assume this for the skin cream experiment, then we cannot draw from the result the conclusion that the cream makes the rashes worse (in the first case). The proportion of people who got worse with respect to those who got better with the cream is still larger than for those without the cream, but now the proportion of those who got better with the cream with respect to the TOTAL number of people in the group is also much larger than for the control group.   We realize that in order to reason about the results we were making another simplifying assumption: that everyone gets affected by the cream in the same way, or at least in the same direction. Either the cream improves everyone's rashes (even if to different degrees), or it worsens everyone's rashes.  If the results show that a higher proportion of people have their rashes improve with the cream vs without it, but ALSO that a higher proportion have their rashes worsen with the cream vs without it, then this second assumption cannot be true. We can imagine, for example, that different kinds of skin are affected by the cream differently.   In short, if we assume both groups to be roughly the same size, then we cannot conclude in the first version shown that the cream makes the rashes worse.   It would have been so easy for both Dereck and the researchers to clarify what the sizes of the groups were. They could have just said: "at the end of the two weeks, each member of each of the groups was categorized into having had their rashes improve or worsen" They could have just said that! It would have been a little obscured, I would still have wanted them to be more explicit in their speech, but it would have at least been right.   Unfortunately, Dereck said: "at the end, they count up how many rashes improved and how many got worse in each treatment group", leaving it entirely unclear whether there were participants in either group whose rashes didn't change. And the researchers didn't do any better: "In each group, the number of people whose skin condition got better and the number whose condition got worse are recorded in the table below."  How?! It seems almost impossible to me that such a blunder would get past everyone writing up the prompt for the participants of the study, everyone recording the results of the (real) studies, the people writing up the paper  AND the folks who wrote this video about the paper. All while thinking and talking about people's ability and disposition to make sound sense of quantitative information. Incredible.  I'm beginning to become concerned that I might be the one in the wrong here. But I see several comments here about the group sizes, so I'm not the only one for whom making the assumption that everyone in each group is counted in the results wasn't instinctual. Unless the vast majority of everyone encountering Dereck's video or the prompt written up for the experiment in the paper immediately conclude that the size of each group is the sum of those in both categories, I think this a blunder on the researchers' part.
I feel like the gun question is inherently different from the cream one A rash can get better or worse but with the guns one colom says increase and the other decrease which would not be possible in a real life situation it would be either not both , looking closer in the actual video of people on the street the word cities is included which would make it make sense but this was not in the powerpoint slides that we were given based on the videos it would make sense once again since it s a percentage
It’s kind of frustrating to see you both-sides this. As your end example of using the wording sea rise vs climate change  makes clear, it is only one part of the political spectrum that’s busy rejecting evidence, and who needs mollycoddling with euphemisms. The same is true for gun control and a bunch of other issues, too. You also ignore that there are people out there who are actively trying to make neutral terms partisan precisely to get others to stop thinking rationally. And you also ignore that it is *not possible* to address the cause of sea level rise in Florida without acknowledging what the cause actually is, so at some point, people with partisan bias will still reject proposed solutions. You can possibly get some consensus for some mitigations and adaptations, but that’s really sticking plaster.
Despite political affiliation, there's an overwhelming mound of evidence that concludes more guns very strongly correlates with more gun violence. It's not about "belief." It takes a simple google search to find multiple studies conducted by Harvard University and the National Library of Medicine.
per capita remains undefeated
There’s no way you can conclude that the cream on average made the rash worse. On vast majority of the participants it made the rash better.   That fact has no relation to how the control group fared (obviously the did even better).
Thank you for your channel. Science is awesome.  I love your even, pragmatic, honest presentation. It makes me think. Thinking clearly is good!
Politics is brain rot for real
The pct is different though. Answering before video goes past 1 min
I would say there are two scenarios to consider:1. The cream does indeed make most people better, yet it contains irritating substances which might trigger immune responses of the skin of certain peopl, worsening the rashes. 2. It worsens the rashes of all people, hence the ratio of people who got better to whose conditions got worsened is lower than that of people who didn't treat their rashes with the cream. Conclusion: no conclusion can be made as insufficient information is given.
the way the problem is presented was the troubling bit for me. i had to spend some time to understand what am i even looking at.
Beautiful video
I think I would have gotten the questions right as math is math.  Also, I am not a republican or democrat.  However, if you show me something about something politically charged, I would have to examine the source before those numbers mean anything to me.  Those who know statistics, know they can make the numbers say whatever they want.  Often times omitting things like those who have not worked for a period of time to make unemployment seem less worst than it is and excluding cost of historical used items to calculate inflation so we can say “inflation is not that bad”.  Other ways it is used is my polling with leading questions that someone decides means something other than the what the answer intended.  Example “have you ever had sex after drinking, that you later regretted?” This turned into the 1 in 4 girls are raped or sexually assaulted.  Lastly, there is adding things that should not be added such as counting every crime that a gun was in the vicinity “a gun crime” regardless of if it was used as part of the crime or even if it was out,  just to make it seem like a bigger issue.  Overall, regardless of your point of view, you SHOULD be weary of statistics.  Even the creams I was wondering, why such a small sample size, would the data be useable, why the difference in numbers in those that tried the cream vs didn’t, and lastly were the rashes from the participants cause by the same underline issue?  I know it’s a fictional study, but studies should be questioned.
My immediate reaction to the table was are those groups not the same size or is there an ommited third column of "no change". Bc yeah if those are the total number of ppl, the cream is bad, throw it in the trash. However if there's actually a bunch more ppl reporting no change, there's more nuance to it. The cream is still not good but there's an argument to be made for doing further research on maybe the type of rash it helps vs hurts since it does seem to help some ppl (vs if there isn't a no change column, it looks like the ppl who got better did so despite not bc of the cream)
There’s a great input here that is being recorded, they may know they are giving another answer but it is no longer numerical but political. They must show their position regardless of the question.
I thank the Lord that I'm not a Republican, and that I'm not a Democrat. It allows me to be biased in a completely different way.
The findings here don't have a lot of backing, because it isn't that it's a simple question. It's that it's a question without a lot of the data. It's about as bad as showing a bar graph, but the axis aren't titled.
Why was I able to answer after 5 seconds of manipulating ratios 😭😭. I am really stupid?
I think the issue you run into with that question about the rash, is the way it's worded and not telling if it's an equal number of people with or without cream. Technically, if 1000 people went with the cream and 1000 went without. When you have those numbers, the cream helped roughly 1/5 of the people and hurt less than 1/10. The non skin cream only helped 1/10 and hurt less than 1/20. Looking at the data like this, I would say that the cream helped more than the non cream, but had minor side effects.  At face value, it would like like no cream was better, because of the bigger ratio of help to hurt, but when doing studies, you typically run the same number of people on each side. You wouldn't have 1000 trying cream and 500 not trying it (unless you were trying to skew the results)
Guy 1: "TBH I'm looking at how big the cow is."
This video is flawed on the offset. It does not show that people are less accurate where there politics are concerned. Rather, it shows that they’re more willing to accept data at face value when it matches their political leanings. Their reasoning has not been reduced by political concerns. They are giving new reasons “in spite” of recognizing the proportions.
It is not true that the skin cream numbers and the gun control numbers are the same. With skin cream, the trial is randomized, so the conclusion that the skin cream made rashes worse is correct. But with the gun control numbers, you potentially have Simpson's Paradox, and you cannot conclude causality. So the two versions of the question don't have the same correct answer.
Your characterization of Republicans’ views on gun control is poor.
This is interesting. I blamed polarization mainly on social media, its algorithms, creation of echochambers through neo news personalities. Now it would be wise to throw in as median "scientific literacy" of population rises, i would expect polrization to rise aswell. If that's the case, given what i've observed through last decade, although through internet lense, i am hopefull we are heading into better society overall, the question remains though if society will outlast it's growing pains. Neat.
vox populi vox dei
I think the method of asking may have significantly skewed the results. I'm an anarchist and I do a lot of debating against both sides of the aisle. Something that became immediately apparent to me when I began talking to people online is that people on the left don't even want to see evidence that might prove their wold view wrong. For example, if you tried to show one of them the full video where Trump said the white supremacists and neo-nozis should be condemned totally, they'd straight up say, "I don't want to see your video", or they'd just completely disengage, or they'd just ignore it and never look at it. The same thing happened with the full Kyle Rittenhouse video. The same thing happened with the video where Joe Biden admitted on camera he was engaging in quid pro quo. They don't even want to see it because then they'd have to admit they were wrong. Conservatives, on the other hand, if you say something that challenges their worldview, they'll respond with "Prove it!" and then they actually want to see the evidence.  Once they've seen it, they give it actual consideration, and sometimes they actually change their minds. A leftists, on the other hand, if they begin to see that your claim is legitimate, they'll close their eyes, plug their ears, and walk away, because they don't want to know the truth.
We = Americans
😅 I got that cream question wrong in my head I just think if a cream works more it's better.... Because a smart person will stop using it when it gets worse.  This is real life how many products don't work on my brothers skin type. but to many others it's a great product.   Proportionality really had little to do with a question that ends up being a personal thing.  Im not sure if I'm moving the goalpost unintentionally. But that question threw me off.
Thats why polarization is the biggest problem in society
I calculated the ratio in my mind just as soon as I saw the data
You deliberately choose a particularly confusing set of statistics, give your subjects no opportunity to actually do the calculations,  and then expect people to make rational decisions based on your figures. This is why the US political scene has become so polarised,; nobody expects ANYBODY to be honest! And it looks like the right in the EU has learnt this lesson and is set to decimate the European project.  God help the world.
Does that also mean that i got it right so I am dumb
Guys, you know there is more than one aspect to political topics, right? It's okay to admit when one aspect of a political topic cuts against your beliefs. There are sooooo many stats that can be taken into consideration. Just be honest with yourself. There is no one stat that should flip your entire belief system. If your beliefs hinge on one thing, you haven't done enough rational thinking about it. Its also completely okay to change your beliefs when presented with new facts. It is also okay to take your view on morality into consideration. Just be honest about stats.
I noticed the tables you show people on the street use the words "improved" and "worsened", while the ones you edited into the video use "increased" and "decreased". Is there any particular reason for that?   To me the words "increased" and "decreased" are easier to understand in this situation. Which one did the study use?
it‘s a nice day to be autistic and know there‘s no chance in hell I would fall for this
Knowing math DID help me ... :)
Awesome, as always. But I have a question. If a rash is improved... does that mean that more rash occurs (since the function of the rash is to... be rashy?)? If the rash worsened it would mean it is disappearing.
So the test is for math mathing, while using fake info? Sounds like a test to see if anyone can spot that all provided information is misinformation or not. And when people start balking when the test turns political is it really a surprise? Even factual data and statistics can be manipulated in bias and favor of the one who compiled it
Wow  !
If you really look at the group of people that do worse, you might want to re-think what a " smart person " is. It seems like these people are a lot more self-absorbed, enclosed and snooty than " smart ".
I see a problem with this study. The gun control issue isn't just "political" in the sort of vague sense we use it to mean "polarized" or "belongign to party or ideological affiliation". Gun control (and other social issues) are truly "political" in the same sense that plato talks about it. In the very first page of plato's "Politics" he says that "politics" is not a science. It's not a field of knowledge that is arrived at with certitude ever, and is definietly not one that you would use the scientific method to reach a conclusion with. It is an opinion arrived at with reasoning. That is a form of knowledge, but it's not the same as statistics, math, and science. Plato was asked "what is the best constitution" and he responded with "Which nation". Policy is something that is highly dependent on the conditions of the society that it is in, so when you try and put a state number from a sample up, you are making a fundamental category error. Most people pick up on this intuitively but don't understand their rationale enough to argue the point. So of course people basically take the stat with a grain of salt. The study is basically chalked up to "why don't people believe in the soyence", and it's because basically everyone knows you can't really do that.
"If its on paper and thats the way it is, I'd have to go with that."   *Looks at MAGA hat*    X to doubt.
Scientist here.   Numbers are numbers. But one part of science is to interpret numbers.   In the example, the calculations based on the numbers are too basic because they only deal with simple proportions. We don't get a sense of the numbers, we don't examine dispersions, variances, dependencies, or anything. The entire experimental setup is unclear.  So if i come up with a hypothesis in science which i believe is true but my data can't verify it, then i will start looking if i had a wrong setup, interferences or maybe the wrong statistical tests to analyze the data.   If my hypothesis will be rejected many other times, i will start believing that the hypothesis is really to be rejected.    So, when people get their beliefs rejected, most will first think there is some unknown information or interference or error in the calculation. This is also rationale as long after a while, they can change their beliefs if the outcome of their calculations stays the same.   Dumb is the only one who repeats the same things more than five times and still expects different results ;)
It doesn't help that quite often the data would be manipulated for political purposes . The smarter people are justified in not taking it at face value. Their views are formed using a wider frame, not just data from a source they don't trust.
Following the tail-end of numerous incidents of research data fraud, P-hacking,  plagiarism and cherrypicking, as well as the replication crisis - should we still buy the conclusions brought forth by this research?
This video just called you dumb.
This proves that inherent bias exists and indoctrination rules over logical thinking.
It was cool until you brought in politics. 😂
Poor click bait title, i feel dumber now. Thanks.
The look on your face when you said politics was priceless, so disgusted.
I've been studying psychology in college and one thing that has been on my mind is where systemic racism is present in psychology studies. stuff like who the samples were coming from, what are the socioeconomic status generally speaking in your data, stuff like that. I just find it fascinating. Anyway, I wonder what the demographics of the studies being reported on look like.
I got everything right because im not delusional
And these people who can't even think rationally for a simple question about proportions are allowed to vote.
Hey i was here for a challenge not for a bump in the butt, wait its trying to say me something, l-/
So before the conlcusion of the rash question, my answer was the cream made it worse because 25% of the users had the rash worsen, compared to only 16% of the control group.  Does that mean I'm dumb?  and btw, I don't think you can dumb down a gun control study, even if made up, to just 4 numbers. That works for a controlled study like the skin creme where you can draw the conclusion directly, but not for something as wild as a city. If I were presented with the question about guns, I'd probably call the numbers into question.
ah lo and behold. people don't actually read the data and just say what feels right and search for proof they are right.
anyone with a brain would know that you cant take skin cream and then gun control statistics and use them interchangeably. this is because skin cream isnt just apolitical, just like guns are not just political. in the world of guns, there are numbers and trends that are real and some people have been following them for years. You bring weird wacky stats about guns like that to anybody who has an iota of research or reality, they will feel inclined to correct it especially if you are fishing for a bias. that skin cream has no history. in fact the skin cream graph you are showing is literally its first reported history since it was "trial testing". skin cream is 100% easier to accept as fact than contradictory to known facts. any rational interviewee wouldve answered your graph correctly despite belief, then felt compelled to explain differently. it leaves people uneasy. the main reason behind political polarization is the depths to which one reads or feels reality and are constantly explaining themselves to someone who wont listen.
Learn this kind of thing in applied statistics. Looks like a big win to me
I'm over here immediately asking questions like "Why are the number of people in each test group so drastically different?" and "What about people that saw no noticeable change?" Turns out it's not that complicated 😅
"I learned that very often the most intolerant and narrow-minded people are the ones who congratulate themselves on their tolerance and open-mindedness." Christopher Hitchens
i kind of assumed this beforehand, and it honestly saddens me seeing it's just true, we are dumb irrational apes that love culture,society and sense of community over everything else
People don't learn stats
So guns make you bad at math … got it
Here is the problem with the conclusion about bias, Both sides rejected the data when it didn't agree with their pre-existing beliefs right? But the data was FAKE so doubting the data was actually the LOGICAL choice. For example, lets change the study again and make the correct interpretation of the data suggest that the earth is flat. Do you think any intelligent person would accept that? Or would they reject it as untrustworthy. I'd be like "what kind of nutcase flatearther is showing me this chart, I don't trust it or him and therefore I'm rejecting the data and NOT changing my beliefs" And that would be the most intelligent approach to take in that case. The issue is that the data isn't compelling. We have all been lied to with statistics enough that we don't trust a guy on the street with a piece of paper trying to convince us of ANYTHING. The real difference isn't merely tribalism IMO, its about who you choose to trust. And a liberal isn't going to accept new data from a guy on the street over what MSNBC is saying and a conservative isn't going to accept new data from a guy on the street over what Fox News is saying, and that is rational in BOTH cases.
Great video, I don't like the gun control example though - it's so difficult to imagine a true randomized controlled trial with such policies. I think it's natural to jump to all the justifications like the guy at 6:37. We are also trained to question the spin of statistical results on highly charged issues because it is always present.
Well the question is of sociology not a medical control vs test. It is natural to apply opinions and try to reason the data when it relates to human behaviour. Even though there are confounding factors in drug trials it doesn’t have to do with political considerations. It is also harder to relate the gun control issue to a test vs control case.
Such a good video  I feel like I need to expose myself more to some opposing viewpoints. I'm gonna go watch some Republican porn tonight instead of my normal Democrat smut
Lol democrats won't understand this video 😂
I myself wouldn’t typically misinterpret the data, but I’d be more likely to question its source and if it was collected correctly if it was supporting something I believe to be incorrect currently. Only a conglomerate of studies done by many different parties can really prove something, especially something with a political context.
I hate how he is protaying it like “dumber people are smarter at this question than smarter people”
could high numeracy ppl be intentionally misrepresenting the data?
Bahahahaha America, problem is the numbers were not in bald eagle and cheeseburger units  The whole test was wrongly conducted hahahaha
Obviously its done in American University - where wokeism and pseudo intellectuals are born
Paused to do some math on the skin cream question. I'm just guessing that the easy "dumb" answer that turns out to be right is that the skin cream is better. If you just use the numbers given, no cream seems to win, in terms of better vs worse. However, if you add all the missing people to the "no cream's" negative column, (They were accounted for in cream, but not there in no cream, suggesting an increase in "no effect" as a third outcome.) cream comes out on top the way a brief glance would suggest.  I'm not great at math, but I think that makes sense. lol  Edit: So, it's not about the missing people at all?... Why even have the totals not add up? Was it just necessary for the relationships be clear mathematically but not obvious?   Also, with more thought, I guess it would be better to have an increase in "no reaction" rather than a higher proportion of adverse reactions, so maybe my more complicated answer would still be wrong, even with conjuring a third column. Plus, with no data to go on, except the missing people, I can't find out how many "no change" people there were in the "with cream" row. Maybe both runs had 3,000 participants... I'd have no way to know.  Not that it really matters, but maybe someone can tell me. Is it normal to have skewed experimental vs control group sizes? It struck me as odd, but maybe it shouldn't have.  Edit 2: Okay, I'm far from a scientist, researcher, or mathematician, but from some basic reading, it looks like unequal groups are a thing. Basically, if you had your druthers, you'd go for the 50-50, but you can get away with a compromise, provided you do the research and math to plan stuff well and account for everything. Also, tests like dosage amounts might normally include a smaller control... something about arms... Look, I didn't understand everything, but that's what I took away!
I feel like I just wasted a bunch of time to get halfway through the video only to be told, in effect, "the purpose of this study was to prove that confirmation bias is a thing"... like... yeah, guys. We know.
This is partially why I"m a moderate
I do believe it was reasonable for people to question the study. It really was fake with fake numbers here.   It makes sense for people to doubt studies that are on political topics vs. non political  topics.   I wonder how it works with an accurate and well documented study? Would people even be able to tell what studies are accurate or manipulated?
Think about how stupid the average person is. Now realize half of them are stupider than that.~ George Carlin
This is exactly why I didn't like shows such as Big bang theory because it's so hip to call everyone a nerd and to show a lifestyle but it doesn't highlight anyone's important individual scientific process.
The peoblem is, you defend a creed, or facts?  You reqlly understand the causes behind the facts, or you believe in someone that told you the cause.  You read a causality based study, or a human conclusion, with not MERELY AND UNIQUELY AND ONLY, MATHS and zero theories of origin of stuff.
Speaking out within the tribe to challenge the mantra is what started science and the greatest advancement in human history to break the belief system to base life on fact and not loyalties and tribal rules. The earth is not the centre of the universe.
The cream didn’t make it worse, it just slowed down the improvement or healing
> No villainising the other side  TRUMP IS A NADDZZI BIDEN THE WARMONGERER  hmm
"no villainizing the other side" is a real challenge for extremists that dont even view the "other side" as people. We are in a scary time.
wtf. what is this nonsense.   obviously if its just hand cream youre using the numbers as a best guess. there is only one factor to consider.  if youre talking guns, then it is complex enough to know that correlation is not causation and you look beyond just the numbers.  how does this prove anything about political belief affecting rationalisation ability?
So I guess I’m not smart because I got it right
Maybe the smart Republicans are seeing through the fake numbers. It is in fact a well-publicized fact that liberal cities with lots of fun control laws have higher crime rates.
❤❤❤ also that tip on how to use ground news more effectively is super helpful. Ty!
I think you've failed to account for the fact that there *is* a correct answer on this partisan issue, measurable and measured in the real world, that a lot of people are correctly informed about (or misinformation that people are thoroughly brainwashed into), and waving a laminated sheet with a four-cell table isn't exactly convincing evidence, so if people accept the veracity of your "evidence" at face value, they will expect it to say what they know (or believe) to be true. You'd find the same result if you used numbers about basic gravity, or sandwiches vs. not eating making people more or less hungry. There's no reason to apply numeric analysis if we already know the correct answer, and this "study" table holds about as much ground as your word, evidence-wise.
People are dumb
Taking Bayesian logic and theory into account the numerate people are still making the better judgements.  Why should knowledgable people ditch their prior knowledge to take in a new peice of data.  In Bayesian theory the pre-existing data / probability gets synthesised with the new incoming data to produce a composite probability.  Everybody knows there are far more gun deaths per 100000 population in the US as compared to any European country.  It would be illogical and innumerate to disregard this statistic.
There is a confounder here. In this case gun control isn’t really about gun related crime. There is a fundamental difference in belief. The right feel that guns should be rightfully owned by people as an ancient right to self defence. Regardless of whether crime increases or decreases.  The left care not about crime but about the dilution of power of the state at the hands of its citizens. The same is true about other contentious issues such as taxation, abortion, trans issues. The debate is usually surrounding some mundane neutral issue that hides the actual philosophical position that is more difficult to articulate or fully justify.
Veritasium living up to his name.  Another vid that has an element of truth in its title. But not much.
Aint no way using proportional reasoning makes me stupid😭😭😭 rip me
Derek, the paper you cite might be wrong. But you don't think about that, do you? Smarter people are smarter for the very reason they get more things right. If they get more things wrong, they aren't smart.
Fascinating
Oh no... I got it right
if the evidence is fake its hard to believe - despite being presented as fact
The thing that bothered me after thinking longer about it was how the control group did not have as many participants. It is, in my opinion, like asking a specific question to confuse the participant. They likely did not consider that. Just as pointed out, skin cream is apolitical, and that lady the right answer "lack of information". But with gun control, it can go beyond belief, because there is an actual answer, numbers are fictious, but not gun controll effect in our life and actual data, so you also get a dissonance. Do same but tell them Earth is flat or round, one is true the other is a lie.
We have different definitions of what we call smart, my guy. You have to be a special kind of brainded to get that first answer wrong
8:50 - 9:25 is a brutal realization i wish i could convey to people
Imagine if there was a third study done on people that hate both parties
I am somewhat disappointed. As a person who likes logical puzzles and have a PhD in Statistics, I was intrigued too see a problem where that kind of training leads me wrong.  Instead it’s about the people having stupid partisan biases and no concept of simple proportions. It’s disheartening.
This is an awesome way to present something we all already knew in our guts, but didn't have the words or balls to admit it to ourselves
People may not be aware just how ignorant Americans are at statistics and proportions. This question was a joke so easy for any science or math graduate.
I'd like to know if the study took in consideration that some of the sample size already had seen datas, real or fake, on the political subjects. If you had shown me the gun control table, or especially the climate change one, I would have immediately started to question the data, not because it goes against my beliefs but because I myself have already seen dozens of graphs about the issue already, as someone who like informing my arguments with facts. Of course, most people don't bother fact checking their belief system, which is the biggest problem right now, but whether someone "informs" themselves on a set of data regularly it's super important information to get for assessing accurately the bias in this experiment, and would have given us a bonus study on how much people inform themselves before subscribing to an ideology
Hence the reason for double blind studies.
I passed with flying colors. 🥲
I think one big thing that this test really can't measure is the moral part of the political questions. Thats context that people are bringing with them to the question, while few people will have a moral objection to skin cream.  Note how often when you showed the Gun Crime one people mentioned if you could make a gun control law, regardless of the results of such a law.  Rational humans will seek for evidence of their moral biases, but even if presented with evidence opposing the belief will fall back on the morality of the issue, so long as that morality isn't built on just the results of the policy.
1)My mind is an organized mess I can’t explain even to myself.  •Bigger Number. I thought as it was said. Also before it was said. •Wait a minute. Words are only words. Can u show me the proof? Show me more data? Also the data is just words. It up to u to decide if the words are true or false.  •Why the beep should I care? I do not use skin cream for anything. U Lying sack of potatoes. •Conclusion these thoughts already occurred to me, but not in those exact words. Because of what I learned throughout life.  2)U can take things away from people. But people will always find ways to get back what was taken from them.   3)Which is true sentence is true? Which sentence is false?   A) 5 is a number and also a word.   B)Five is a number and also a word.  4) Is sentence? 1) Prison. (2)Judgement.  (3) words put together to from a sentence. (4) all of the above? (5)None of the above (6) How should I know?
Am I the only one who would answer "the data is inconclusive" to any of these combinations? I know it's hypothetical, but judging purely on proportions alone, especially when the numbers are rather close, for me, isn't scientific at all.
i think you can argue the crime question both ways. For a crime number of 200 to go down to 70 is more impressive than 90 to 10. that first place must have been hell. similarly, a crime rate of 10 in a gun city is impressive compared to a no-gun 200->70 city. heck, for all we know, the gangstars are ruling the place now and no crimes are being reported. I suspect similar arguments can be made fir the remaining cases.  i would also expect rashes to go away slower if they were treated than if left untreated. People would be more likely to stop doing whatever gave them a rash if they had no other remedies.   could these types of biases explain some of the answers?
This made me think of Jonathan Haidt's book 'The Righteous Mind' where he hypothesized that our political beliefs are products of ad hoc reasoning attempting to justify gut feelings. This would be a diametrical opposite to the preconceived notion that people suggest in this video.
I can do simple math like this in my head, however If my beliefs disagree with your outcome a will generally question how the study was performed.  I also already use Ground News.
I have no ideology, I refuse to adopt one. I see data, and I will only acknowledge data for as long as I live. I am hated by dems, reps, religious people, and atheists because I argue with their beliefs when they annoy me. They all believe in fantasy.  The atheists, if you're wondering, will revere science but know nothing about it and will speak about things it isn't even remotely close to proving as though they are fact. It's just as moronic and pathetic as devout theists.
"Smarter People Do Worse" ME: Ama ACE this
This video is the danger of putting too much stock in behavioral research. Behavioral experiment design is often lazy, and usually flawed even when it isn't lazy due to the sheer difficulty of capturing such a complex emergent phenomenon.  It's important to note that, simply in the interpretation of statistical data, the question is VERY materially different when asking about a controlled medical trial of a skin cream to treat rashes vs when it is about a diff-in-diff test on the effect of a policy on a tertiary statistic with no specific details offered.  When you ask them about the skin cream, they imagine a controlled medical trial, where the experiment design is such that other possible impacts are minimized.  The cream is (ostensibly) intended to directly cause one of the two possible outcomes. The outcome is a simple and single observable event in each observation. The 'improvement' of a rash is something which is easily understood...it is less visible and/or causes less discomfort. There is no room for interpretation here. When you ask them about the gun laws, none of that is true. The person imagines a very different data generating process. There is no controlled experiment, so the cities are different and in different places, have different cultures, demographics, and histories and different events between the passing of the law and the observations, etc. Also, the laws are likely different in important ways, and so less perfectly comparable. Not only that, but the legal status of gun in the various cities probably varied quite a lot BEFORE the laws were passed, anyway. The law is, at best, intended to INdirectly cause one of the two possible outcomes, with multitudinous omitted variables that active political participants (particularly the more numerate ones) are used to thinking about frequently. And finally, the outcome observed is a simple count of whether or not crime "improved" in each city, with no context, specificity, or detail concerning what the hell that actually means. Were there fewer crimes committed? What kinds of crimes are counted in the analysis? Did the other kinds of crimes also decrease? Was it a reduction in crime severity? Maybe it caused fewer crimes to be reported? What about arrest/conviction rates? You get my point.  The problem is not that numerate people are more polarized. It's that numerate people recognize that the "correct" answer to this question is meaningless and intellectually dishonest without additional context. The asker refuses to provide the necessary contextual information, and so the numerate person inserts their preferred context, which will force the interpretation that the grossly over-simplified (but intended) conclusion which opposes their political position is in fact unreliable. You see it in the video interviews here...THIS claim of unreliability is the 'wrong' answer. They don't misread the numbers. They don't get the answer wrong. They turn the unanswerable question into an answerable one by adding context. It's the fault of the researcher for not recognizing the importance of that context. Then they treat it as though they have found some ground-breaking evidence for systematic cognitive bias in intelligent people and go around giving TED talks and feeling like they're important researchers...
the skin cream question as portrayed in the video is so full of holes, it makes me mad. what is the size of the cohort? if massive the numbers don't mean anything. if let's say it was 1000 people in total it's very meaningful. in any way, the cream still doubles the chances of the rash improving while tripling or quadruoling the chances of it getting worse, but the initial chance of worsening is so much smaller, that it's easily worth it. not to mention for a skin cream, if it does make the rash worse, just stop using it. it's not the right cream for you, try a different one. the consequences are so irrelevant, that the avg. gains are worth it for the people it works on.  the opposite is true for the reversed table. a random person with a rash should try the first cream first and the second cream only when the first one doesn't work.   now applying this oversimplified view to guns and crime in cities is absolutely hideous cause there're so many more factors that just don't apply to single people and their rashes, like movement between cities, city size and total crime amount per individual city. and even then, as long as there isn't gonna be an iterative effect, compounding the bigger proportional growth of the right side of the table, you could callously make the same argument as above: the bigger absolute change is worth it, so implement whatever gave you the biggest number, be that gun control or no gun control.  numeracy seems almost irrelevant here. the fact that you're being put on the spot with bad data in an environment, that doesn't allow for you to actually take the time to absorb the information, recognize the dataset as incomplete at best and gutter trash at worst and consider your critique and concerns, to then have to choose between a binary that disregards all the nuance while the questioner has the wrong idea of which choice is "good" because their dataset is so poorly put together in the first place, makes the apparent correlation quite mysterious.   but then there's graphs upon graphs that just plot numeracy and science scores vs. agreement and disagreement to the typical points of contention between US democrats and republicans. But where's the thing that makes numeracy relevant to the answer? where's the "fell for the fake data that conflicts with their opinion" and "ignored the fake date that conflicts with their opinion"? how do those graphs not just show that the more numerate you are, the more likely you are to have the correct, science based opinion if you're liberal while you tend to stick to the wrong, "economically"-justified propagandistic opinion if you're conservative regardless because of external incentives?  i am maddened by just how bad this study seems from this video. if portrayed accurately, I question the numeracy and honesty of everybody involved
The thing that bothered me was that the number of participants in the control and experimental group weren’t the same…like…come on! Then we can compare the cream with the placebo like a proper RCT!!!
It is to be expected, but the reason is not as you present.  Skin cream and complex political questions are not the same.  Essentially the political questions are natural experiments (in the wild) and not Lab experiments where confounding factors can be measured and eliminated.  Anyone with high numeracy would be expected to understand this, along with other statistical questions, such as opinion polls and other studies being riddled with selection bias or other sources of bias.  Anyone who has high numeracy has also been exposed to the many studies showing one fact and disproven by another study with different methodology, and so knows that stats can be manipulated, and should at minimum be questioned.  And this is separate from the well know phenomena that smart people are simply better at justifying their own opinions and biases rather than sniffing out the truth.
Great video. But my greatest challenge is recognizing unbiased data, as opposed to biased data, or data which has added commentary to influence my own belief. For example, back during the COVID-19 pandemic, multiple news agencies reported that COVID-19 was deadlier than the Spanish flu with regards to the American population. In real numbers, this is correct. As of November 3, 2024, there have been 1.21 million confirmed deaths in the United States as a result of COVID-19, whereas 675,000 people died in the United States as a result of the Spanish Flu. But I want to look at percentages, as I think that will give a more accurate picture of the lethality of the two viruses. In 1920, the year the Spanish flu faded out, the U.S. population was about 106 million, so about 0.64% of the total population perished. For COVID-19, comparing deaths to total population, about 0.36% of the population perished. The point I'm trying to make is how can I get past my skepticism for data, and not assume that the numbers are "fudged" to influence my opinion?
People high in numeracy (and moderate to high in political engagement) are typically going to have a lot of Bayesian priors (or their equivalents) clouding any responses questions on political topics. This by itself does not mean that their primary underlying motivation is to fit in with their "tribe."
Great. I definitely needed politics in my science video at a time where everywhere I look is about politics. People were right, you fell to the hands of an entity and you're paid to push a propaganda.
I feel like the gun example is a bad example for this experiment though. Because the fact that it is making something legal, and making the same thing illegal can skew peoples thinking. For example what % of crimes is people just keeping their guns when it has been illegal, or forgetting to turn over all their guns (some were hidden)? Pure mathematics the answer is the same, but people be inclined to not count this  and then come to the wrong answer. Basically the example introduces more extraneous variables than just the political thing
8:29 Max Bonilla is a GENIUS, he makes the best political content!
This both sides thing and trying to meet halfway sounds like a good thing, but it is a bit silly in practice. Like “oh, we have this problem of sea level rise. We don’t know what’s causing it, it’s a bit mystery, can’t do anything about it. But it is harming our communities so we can all support measures for temporary fixes. Meanwhile, nothing is being done to combat the cause (climate change) since some people don’t believe in science enough to accept that it’s man made.
The right side is whatever side im on.
Unsurprisingly the one with this thick American Texan type accent (3:05) is the extremely illogical nutjob
I think the hard part about this when it comes to politics is it is asking people to separate their personal interests from the broader data, which is nigh impossible to do. For example, let’s say I have been the victim of crime involving a firearm. You can tell me that more guns equals less crime but being the victim of such a crime is going to skew my view to such a degree that the data won’t matter to me. On the flip side, if I’m somebody who has a gun to defend myself, you can tell me that less guns equals less crime, but I still want to have a gun with which to defend myself. In either case, I am not going to change my mind on data because I feel like I know what is in my best interest for my personal circumstances. And that’s the hard part, what is in my self-interest can reasonably run contrary to broader data trends.
"picking the bigger number is the intuitive answer". Uhm, no it's not. I don't think smart ppl would make such a stupid conclusion.
Let's be clear about one thing: Smarter people did NOT, in fact, do WORSE. On political issues they just did JUST AS BAD as the less smart. Goes to show people don't actually use their numeracy skills if they think they know the answer before looking at the data.
See, if you just reject society and get rid of your fear of what other people think of you, you won’t have that problem.  Actually, I’d like to see that hypothesis tested. How did the misanthropes who hate everybody and don’t wanna be part of anybody’s silly group answer?
It's amazing how this study proves Washington's warning about political parties correct. If only people had listened.
Title had nothing to do with the video lol
of course people aren't going to change their mind according to what is true when the truth is a chart with made up numbers on a sheet of paper with magic marker dude
In the experiment, are the numbers presented as a _hypothetical_ scenario, or as the results of an actual study?  If the latter, then the question is no longer about math, but about all the ways in which polls can be manipulated to support a political goal—a topic about which those with higher numeracy skills are probably the most familiar.  Meanwhile, those with the lowest numeracy skills would have the least insight into how polls work, and as a result they are more likely to accept the data as-is and just treat it like a math problem.
The study didn't include the same number of samples for the Control and Variable groups? WTF?
"Knowing math doesn't help!" Yeah... cause it's a science question, not a math one. The results are also inconclusive because i have no important information, like did they even all have the same rash?
True Smart People will definitely not make mistakes about things such as proportions.  Edit: and yes, math does help the thumbnail is clickbait
0:20 Me wondering if I'll get them wrong or right, and feeling conflicted anticipation.
I missed all of the questions I’m so smart
This is why Republicans don't believe in climate change despite the evidence, but also explains why democrats don't believe that certain demographics of race are significantly more violent based on statistics. Statistics or data make no difference in swaying their opinion. In fact regarding the later point, there has been a lot of scientific studies done on the biological differences between certain geographicly distinct people (aka races) and how they differ in intelligence, impulse control, propensity for certain diseases ect. This kind of thing is not welcome in the current political climate though and so it's suppressed or outright disincentivised where professors and professionals alike will be fired for even mentioning it.
At the end of the video, you mentioned the FBI crime statistics, but you didn't mention the revised FBI crime statistics that state that crime is actually on a rise.
Okay so interesting addition: Maybe its not JUST the ideological bias, but maybe the people answering the question feel they have more facts to interpret the data (wheter accurate or not), which would happen even outside of political themes because ONLY using mathematics is often not the right approach with statistics.
The problem is that this isn't a perfect comparison and the gun control question was more confusing. I didn't even realize for a second that we were counting numbers of cities instead of people or percentages and was wondering how it made sense.
7:34 i'm not sure a difference in percentage is a proper way to represent this data, as low numeracy populations would have already had a low accuracy, and high numeracy populations would have had a high base accuracy. A proportional difference would have probably been a better way to represent the loss of accuracy, since the effect of politically charged data could possibly be homogenous among a population independent of numeracy.
I think the Gun Control chart is actually just harder to wrap one's head around. I find it hard to work with the numbers because it's harder to envision that crime both increased and decreased with the gun control. So for me personally my brain just says "Well, if the math is too hard, let's just focus on what I believe!"
So smart people become dumb if it threatens their ingrained worldview
We don't get anywhere because we have a tyrannical government that both sides want to use to destroy the otherside.  Until we get rid of an all powerful government that controls every aspect of our lives. We won't have a functioning society and peace.  This is why every election is more important than the last because the government and its powers and violations of our liberty keeps growing.
It's funny, it is because I am good in math that I instantly found the answer. Well, it took me 3 seconds to see that the ratios where about 3 and 5.
for the first time, ive been saddened by being able to answer one of his questions.
I dont feel like your study really did a great job because involvement in politics level is a variable not controlled.  Generally speaking, I wouldnt be surprised if those at political rallies are below average intelligence/numerical score to begin with.    And in the original study they saw less of a drop when political questions were asked than more intelligent people.  So you... Disproved the original study?
The problem with the study is that it uses false information.  Asking people about false information, when they know or believe the information is false, just shows that people cannot draw any conclusions based on the false data and will default to their beliefs (wrong or right).
Within the first 3 or so months. February-March of 2020 we already had data showing covid wasn't very dangerous and less dangerous than the flu especially if you were healthy but.....  2-3 years after covid first showed up around 75% of democrats still thought if you got covid it was still so dangerous that you would still likely end up in the hospital. This is not an embellishment...there are literal polls showing this.  Democrats/liberals brains have completely broke over the last few decades especially the last few years of baseless propaganda and corporate press and school system brainwashing.  None of this would surprise anyone who has been paying any amount of attention to this 😅😏
So I'm dumb
"actually science is my preferred political party"
But your "evidence" is BS.  So, you're calling people biased when you give them made up "facts"?
Fantastic video. Explains a lot and makes me curious what I would do.
The skin cream study has one obvious answer: "That control sucks. Should have given them a placebo product."
I think part of this that is kind of ignored is that people have more context and already-set beliefs in the confounding factors for the gun control study. Studies like these always have to be *interpreted* to some exent, and part of that interpretation is taking into account prior knowledge. Opinions are a bayesian process.
Was their no one who questioned how "crime" can worsen or improve?  With a skin rash it is a more specific variable when you mention "worsen or improved" because it is assumed a smaller or larger surface area of the rash was present. (Sure that could be a flawed assumption but it is the most likely assumption of those terms.)  How is the crime "worsened or improved" in this hypothetical scenario? What defines an "improved crime"?   If you just showed me that image I would have so many questions before making an answer because there is no simple assumption for worsen crime and improved crime.
My answer was "I need more info. What's the rash caused by? What's are the ingredients in the cream? Could any ingredients trigger an allergic reaction and thus make the rash worse?" I work in healthcare so lots if factors play into this. The numbers don't really matter. I need all the extra details.
Um, yeah that was the obvious answer. I thought I was being tricked so hedged with well technically yeah I suppose it does help but not as much as just time alone would"
Its impossible to get the first question wrong if you have some decent knowledge in mathematics
8:49 yeah I want to say that I’d be willing to change my beliefs so easily, but I know it isn’t true. Of course I can change my stance given time or on minor topics. For more significant ones I try to stay open minded, but I have caught myself being more critical of the data and its’ implications. “When was it done? Where was it done? Who did it? What controls were used? What are the possible confounding factors? How large was the test? Is it a cause of correlation rather than causation?” And so on. I’ll still ask these questions when it supports my beliefs, but I recognize that the answers don’t matter as much to me.
i dont why would anyone not take proportion into account , my first thought itself was whats the ratio.
But this study doesn't make sense when done with guns. The rash was already there and the cream was an outside factor. The gun example doesn't give any information because it talks about totals, not crime per habitant. Also increases and decreases doesn't make sense, it would be crimes committed and prevented or something like that. If it increased by 223 and decreased by 75 it just means it increased by 148 overall.  The only scenario where this fictional study makes sense is if we introduce in already violent escenes and we give to or take from the guns of the participants
Imagine how blind we were to this phenomenon throughout history until now. Our personality biases the way we view data and information
The problem with political questions and numeracy, is that we especially with guns we know which example would be true.
I have an extreme, non-negotiable bias with regard to climate change. I always thought the "scientists" were corrupt and putting out whatever data they were hired to put out. And suddenly the East Anglia scandal hit. In case you are unaware, the East Anglia "climate researchers" emails were hacked and released. What they showed were researchers unset that none of their predictions were anywhere near coming true, so they spent their time discussing how best to manipulate the data to make it look like they knew what they were doing. Best part is, the British government came out and said it would be illegitimate to draw conclusions from hacked documents rather than published ones. You read that right, they said ignore the truth, wait for they to tell you what we want them to tell you. Since that day, I've recognized every single "official" word relating to climate change as a lie meant to mislead all of us. They censored the data AFTER it's release, and people were stupid enough to allow it. Left, right, or center, if you believe even small parts of the climate change BS you've been deeply mislead and those doing the misleading appreciate your mind's pliability.
You failed to account for one thing - ACTUAL prior knowledge.  You assume attempts to explain away the data are unjustified.  This is not always the case. For example, if I presented people with “evidence” from a study that indicated that the earth was flat, the correct response would NOT be to just accept this as being true, as prior knowledge based on good evidence would indicate otherwise.
I am very liberal. I am also very good at avoiding all social media and all broadcast media (live tv/news) and have done so for decades.  I’ve been a subscriber of only Ground News and the Guardian for the past year, but  recently also terminated Guardian because of loaded language. (Switched to Reuters) I would hope I would get the answers correct regardless.
Well, I am pretty confident all this is true, since I heard ot from Veritasium! :)
This is because politics is philosophical, not scientific
5:00 The premise is wrong. Conservatives believe Gun control is bad because its a limitation of the second amendment designed to fight tyranny. I personally would be surprised to see a significant change in crime regarding gun control. maybe you would increase crime because of those unwilling to comply with the new law.
Seems like this is how the presentation of data can be manipulated to exploit those who may not have skills needed.
Skin cream is not akin to homocide. Even one death is too much.
As a math major, I’m disappointed. I was so ready to get it wrong then it was just… proportions. And then it was about politics and I wanted to cry lol
Well, this is absolutely true, but also ignoring a hugely important aspect. In this specific case there isn't much uncertainty in the cream experiment, in contrast to the guns or not, as society is far more complicated. So the test was not very conclusive, and part of the people can resort to their previous experience to deny the result, as it is "weaker" than the previous data. Not mainly the case here, but in general it's quite common to unconsciously account for uncertainty, though rarely in a sensible way for most people
00:48 If people pick the ones using the cream, they are stupid enough said.
0:45 technically speaking, linguistically the rash “improving” would mean the rash is getting “worse” as it is being better at being a rash.
In the group that used no cream. The cream they had previously been using caused their rash.
0:49 Why are there different group sizes?
Something to note about the FBI's crime statistics is that they went back and quietly admitted they strongly underestimated crime rates. Statistics are used to lie.
Smarter is subjective term.
This is a part of my humanity that I hate. We all do it, it's ingrained into our nurturing from birth. It aligns well with tribal thinking, it's safety, but what happens when those tribes are mixed together? You start vilifying. It's a convoluted mess that overshadows accuracy and solutions. In which case you have no winner. Does this mean tribes can't mix? Of course not, we are more similar than not. The issue is identifying the problem. Accurately, so you can develop a solution. There are two solutions for this specific problem.   Leave each other alone. Not to only be kind but uninvolved. If it doesn't concern you, ignore it. It's not a solution we use well since we evolved as a social species and still hold nurtured survival mechanisms that require involvement. All of which has been diminishing with the development of new world technologies. Make of this what you will. Isolation is on the rise. At least in terms of tribes.  Death. New ideas don't succeed by convincing the old, they out live them. Something medical science has started to combat. With the retention of the old ways forced to coexist with the new, we find conflict in our ideals. Again, make of this what you will. Life expectancy is on the rise.   These solutions are baked into the natural selection of our species. Both of which are being less optional while simultaneously becoming a preferable option. Ultimately we have a choice with option one and two. Adapt or fail. Of which is not exclusive to one or the other. I'm talking about these as extremes. You can already fill in the gaps as to why one or both options are more or less suitable. That's kinda the point. One thing consistent with both however is the result of one tribe. Share your thoughts.
Clickbait title. 'Smart people' do worse on these questions when compared to other 'smart people' in different conditions. Findings were that 'smarter people' had around the same accuracy as those lower on the numeracy scale in certain scenarios. Overall, 'smarter people' did better.
Sure, but have you considered I'm built different?
There is a problem with focusing on issues isolated from their context, which is what their video argues for at the end. The example is with the Florida flood laws. Climate change is not a local issue while flooding can be. If you “solve” the flooding you are only fixing a symptom not the cause. If we focus on symptoms because we want to avoid triggering the biases of others then we can never solve the problem. What happens when the water can get into the towns, but the winds are so bad residents can’t live there without everything getting destroyed? What happens when the water rises too high to be stopped? While some issues can be framed in an unspecified way, most need direct attention to be solved.
for the cream question, you can also look at the percentage of how many people got better. The control group had fewer participants, but had a roughly 84% improvement rate, versus the experimental group's approx. 75% improvement rate. On average, people were more likely to get better without the cream
Correlation ≠ causation, everyone is wrong
Words are slippery. Im English and old. To me 'smart' isnt good. It signifies a tricky person. Or a cheeky kid. Someone who always has a smart come back. General intelligence isnt necessary just have a certain personality trait. Or well turned out. Wears good and well cared for more formal clothes. Eg he wore a smart suit.  I never linked being smart with being intelligent. You can be both or just one or the other.
Things you might actually conclude from your data:  Politically invested people are more likely to be swayed by statistics or lie to propagate their views. Republicans are way worse in this regard than Democrats. 50% of your numeracy scale of 9+ are still not able to work out a simple math problem/statistic a middle schooler is expected to solve..  Statistics should be under strict laws to protect the people.
We need more empathy for each other. Set aside the political stance of a news source for a minute, and try to understand why others may feel inclined to accept those news. Be in their shoes. No need to agree, just understand that in their own unique situations, they are okay to feel that way. No judement, no evaluations. This is how good conversations can begin. We need more empathy in this world.
Dunning Kruger effect in action. On the other hand, actual smart person here, I saw through that first one just fine. Actually the study was poorly designed, as "cream" vs. "no cream" couldn't rule out placebo effect. Should have been "cream with active ingredient" vs "identical cream w/o active ingredient."
this is a classic case of strong correlation does not mean strong association.
The Internationale unites the human race
Its insane how, with guns, everyone tries to explain why the numbers are how they are but with the creams they just go to the numbers.
**bold**
Not having read the research paper, so maybe this was addressed, but it seems to me this effect is not about politics but just issues on which people already hold beliefs, so they circumvent the maths by relying on what they believe they know to be true.  This behaviour is shown by the lady who felt she could not answer the question about skin cream without more informations on the types of rash.  For her it was not abstract puzzle but she needed to understand the details to form an opinion.  But no one holds any beliefs about a non-existent skin cream so they are otherwise forced to treat it as a maths problem.  The other question though could just as easily been asked of which film should win the Oscar between a choice of two that target different types of audience.  Basically anything on which people will hold a preference for one thing other another no matter how benign.  Maybe the video just poorly presented the research, but the emphasis on politics felt like the result of certain people's feelings on the polarization of politics.  Comparing the neutral test question with a political and the result being taken to prove that the effect is a consequence of political belief.   I agree with the conclusion about presenting problems in a way that avoids politically loaded language, but that is something already well understood.  So while I accept it as a valid application of the research, the video feels it ignored how far more wide reaching the issue is and what its implications could be other than just supporting a known solution to a known problem.
I like how in the skin cream question those with 0% numeracy skills got the right answer 50% of the time
"you cant just take peoples gun away"  manwhile rest of the world . . .
🗿
The questions asked can’t be answered by the given information so there is a need of interpretation of the information which is subjective. In spite of what this video implies, the information is not enough for a definite answer in both examples. And it is only logical that this leads to politically motivated answers when the question is about a politically sensitive issue.  Also I don’t like the clickbait title of this video. I waisted my time watching a video that was not what the title implied.
Apolitical people are the best. Liberals and conservatives can’t agree on if gun control reduces crime or climate change is real, I guess both are controversial and we should just pretend neither answer is well known.   See also: “hey guys. The Nazis swear they’re not committing a holocaust. Why do all those liberals keep bringing it up? Such a tribal way of thinking”.  /s
Those who uploaded videos with their literally hysterical reactions to Trump's victory clearly show who they are as individuals 😅
We believe what we want to believe. For example does illegal immigration increase crime? Well it all depends on how you look at the stats based upon your political beliefs, that is you can make the stats match what you want. For example those who are pro immigration will say that illegals commit crimes at a lower rate than the current citizen population as a whole, therefore illegal immigration is a good thing. While on the opposite side you can say increased number of people leads to increased crime and that is true as well as the total number of crimes went up. So it depend so what camp you are in, take for example I lived in Texas and I was opposed to all the people from California moving in as increased population meant increased traffic, increased homelessness and more negative effects from my perspective while someone else could say look at the increased value of my home, look at the increase in jobs and diversity. So my take is I don't trust the math, I want the proof along with it.
Smart people are better at mental acrobatics to justify irrational thinking where dumb people don’t have that option
I wish there were data points for centrists
People are just weighing the data against what they already believe. Is that so surprising? With the skin cream they just have that one piece of uncomplicated information and no opinions. The difference with the political issues is that they are nebulous in the degree of data they pertain to, each person seeing a different sample of that data and coming to different conclusions. It's not surprising that people are going to be more dubious and discerning regarding some very sparse data about heavily politicised issues.   To take scientific data at face value is not what the scientific method is about. Every submission to peer review is a contribution to an effort to understand. If you're contributing a piece of data to an area of study that is already well established and quite general, then it's going to be met with more scrutiny than something that represents the first contribution or data. So for these people you're asking about skin cream, it's likely to be the first time they've considered anything to do with skin cream so they'll just take the raw data at face value. But with the political issues it's just going to sit on top of what people already think they know about that.
"The truth is that mostly we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe."   Nicely said. It's been my longstanding belief that is a one shot line that nicely sums up differences of political views in the US.
Make videos in hindi also 😊
As a moderate person, bewildered by partisan politics, i appreciate this video.
9:33 i have long held that decisions are pretty much always _rational_ – everyone has reasons for their behaviour. i also believe that is a very important supposition to make as opposed to either assuming someone's deliberate rejection of the rational option or that they are "mentally corrupted" (and tbh even "mentally corrupted" people act rational within their respective perception of the world). and this holds true for everything from odd personal quirks to politics to even abhorrend criminal bahaviour, and embracing this credo could help us enact actual _change_ instead of just lamenting how horrible "these people" are.
The issue with gun control is I can't take any study seriously.  One thing the left always leave out are the undocumented cases where a gun deescalated an issue and saved someone.  I'm a liberal atheist.    Studies aren't perfect and you can't just follow it.  People are both wrong all the time and many have agendas to push.  If you ever check a study on homeopathy..... when you understand who funds it, you'll understand why I can't take those studies seriously.
You lied when you said "smart people do worse".  Within 3 seconds of looking at it, I would have said that it's more likely to make it worse than make it better.
Intelligent people usually don't stop to answer random people's questions while being recorded.
There's nothing here that proved, or even delved into, the declared position of smarter people doing worse. Were we to conclude that higher numeracy equals higher intelligence? If so, what is the process of determining someone's numeracy? I don't understand the criteria for the X (numeracy) axis on the graph you keep showing - how exactly were people distributed along it? For the skin cream, we can extrapolate some data based on the way they provide analysis, but the ideological question's results seem to point out that people with "high numeracy" would assess the numbers correctly and then still choose the wrong answer, which I find unlikely. It kinda turns into a questions of do you trust this data, not if you understand it. And, since the data was fictional, they would be right not to trust it, which kinda returns us to the position of smarter people doing better overall, even if worse on the test itself. Idk, too many holes in this one for me.  Side note - the question about skin cream should have been formulated as "how many people reported their rash improved vs. not", since it's mostly a subjective assessment. Since the study literally bases itself on people being subjective, it should be taken into account at all levels of the study, including the input data, since many people will take it into account when giving their answer.
Feels like a specialised case of cognitive dissonance.
Bias is well documented within psychology.
very interesting video and study... the last bits about how we are not so different i would comment by slightly changing a famous quote: "divide and conquer" ----> "keep divided and control"
Hey!😃 Think about this all the time. People and their damn tribal ways. Only faction-less misfit loners would consider such a thing 🙄  🤨  😧  😟
One major flaw is that gun control is an incredibly complex issue that simply cannot be compared with fictitious skin cream.  Another is that yeah, your study is fabricated and people know filters are needed.   If someone's opinion changed so easily, they'd be useless.  Their opinion hopefully is based on years of information.    You frame this as bias clouding reason, but someone who reversed opinions according to one report would be incompetent and insane.  You see delusion when the result you desired would be more delusional.  Also note, many people reject an idea reflexively at first and then consider it more later.
10:12 exactly why i think the political systems in america are built to polarize and put us against each other, and i think any far closed-minded left or right are equally brainwashed and the problem. we need to listen to each other, the smartest people sit back and hear the people debating them. they consider their opponents points, IF they’re wrong, THEN why they’re wrong.
1:50 No....not at all. The question being did the cream make the rash better or worse? The answer is it did both. Moving forward would be to determine WHY it made some better and some worse. The hypothetical experiment data is incomplete to answer the question and that is the correct answer.
These are two unrelated numbers.  And you are correlating them by “non political “ and “ political” these two situations are completely unrelated . You claim “it’s only different because of political difference “ nope , there are so many factors that claim these numbers to be different . I can’t believe you’re correlating a skin cream with gun crime .
Comparing a skin cream , which only has an effect on that person , then Comparing that to gun crime, is a logical infallacy . EVERYONE is bias , but this study is trash considering the comparison
I'm not sure you can exclusively chalk it up to "tribalism". That needs better evidence to isolate it as the sole or primary source of the issue. I'm sure it's part of this, to be clear, but I don't think "need to adhere to social expectation" and "need to be accepted" are the sole factors.   As pointed out in this video, social dynamics _are_ a rational motivator. I don't think this phenomenon solely occurs because of external pressure to adhere to the tribe; I think it occurs because of another element. We are predisposed to confirmation biases on information we already trust and lean on. No one has the time or energy to think critically about every single thing in their lives. Trust is mandatory to survive, whether it's trusting a scientist to present their findings truthfully, or trusting the grocery store to honestly label what you're buying. Trust makes information processing into a background hum. This is correlated with ingroup behaviors and so-called "tribalism", but it isn't the same. You don't _necessarily_ trust your "tribe"; you just rely on them.   Crucially, scientific curiosity does not overwrite reliance on others or on one's "tribe". It does not negate trust, either. What it _does_ do is retrain the mind: instead of only investigating when information causes friction, it trains a person to investigate habitually, to look for things they do not understand and do something about it. Curiosity is energy-intensive. It is the child repeating "why?" _and_ the adult trying to find answers. It is also harder to maintain for populations who are burnt out, afraid, and overwhelmed. Populations that are exhausted and afraid struggle to be curious. Populations without trust struggle to find safety or ease fears.   I don't have a solution either, really, but I think identifying the role trust and personal energy play in curiosity is more useful than simply saying "we're all the same at the end of the day, can't we get along on non-partisan issues? Can't we disguise issues as being less divisive?" They're both useful strategies, but one runs into roadblocks a lot sooner.
I've selected no cream the second option because I thought the proportion in no cream is higher than with cream, does that mean I'm dumb 😢
This video was annoying. It didn't give any information on what numeracy is or the difference between science curiosity and science intelligence. I couldn't see myself in any of the numbers because there were no definitions. The title was distinctly misleading.
Am I stupid or smart because I looked at the 221:75 and 201:21 ratio for the skin cream question?  XD
the nunmber of cases/failure decreased from 83% to like 73%, is a 10% decrease worth it to justify, doubling the total cases? i think not. idk if It's rational, but that's how i think
This certainly makes me wonder what I would say if I was presented this fake “study” and data given the political stance.
I feel like a smart person would get this right though? This wasn’t even difficult????
finally. the world is beginning to catch up with me.
Math and science don't care what your values are.
The problem is that you're asking a question with an already known answer. Larger cities, with more severe gun control have massively increased gun violence. This has been known since gun control legislation took off in large cities. To interpret the fake data presented, the responder has to forget what they know the answer already to be and address a hypothetical antithetical to an already known and solved problem. With the skin cream, nobody is interested in the topic or knows about some new hypothetical skin cream like they do with gun control. It'd be the same with any political, or a-political question where the answer is already known.
Interesting video! Couple of thoughts: 1. As others have pointed, data can be made (cherry-picked) to suit any agenda. Hence a general distrust when it contradicts existing beliefs 2. It is not feasible to always take decisions based on data/ analyses presented. Especially as we get older, the dependence on intuition (trusting your gut) increases. I think this is called bounded rationality
Data doesn't matter when it comes to rights. You don't violate the consent of individuals- end of story.
Oh I just looked at the number of the worsen section and said the cream made it worse. I can’t believe I got that right 😭
How many of the numerate people also  know about statistical significance?maybe when they see something counter to their beliefs they are reminded of statistical significance?
Humankind is very alike, but humans are not. What bums me the most is that we take humans as the forefront and reasoning to separate humankind, instead of respecting each other's differences and learning from each other.   We take information that we align the most without thinking about what consequences are or what others are thinking from social media, and acting upon it.   There was a time in politics where, although we had our human political differences, we would work together to get through it because we're all part of humankind. People were seen as decent human beings, members of society, but respected.
Science intelligence IS science curiosity.  Intelligence without curiosity eventually just becomes ignorance.
This video basically explains why it's so hard to convince anyone of something they aren't willing to believe, regardless of facts or topic.
Veratasium: Is Most Published Research Wrong? Yes.  Also Veritasium: You should trust this random, fake research.
So am I smart or dumb for knowing the cream did more harm than good?
@2:15 "are smart people ruining democracy?" Short answer is yes. The long answer is also yes.
Ask anyone who works construction and have done so for several years what they think of college educated engineers who have never picked up a hammer a day in their life. Being "smart" doesnt mean you are fully educated.
My first thought with the skin cream question was that the control and test groups should be equal in size and that the number of people who experienced no change in their condition must be missing. 😅
Is it really that difficult to divide? No educated person would get this wrong. 😂
Does it say anything about me if when I saw the numbers I said this doesn’t tell me much because it isn’t a large enough sample size and then immediately asked why are the sample sizes so drastically different
What are the units in the gun control version of the table? Number of crimes committed? Number of cities? That table doesn't make that much sense compared to the cream thing. The US doesn't even have that many cities unless you count suburbs maybe or small towns
you know i dont care about politics at all and it hasnt bothered me at all
4:34 how many people did you survey?
I'd suggest that people "with better numeracy" AKA more intelligent, are not as political. Politically minded people are stuck in the matrix, believing their opinion matters to others. Don't be sheep, trusting what politicians tell you when you've seen time and time again they lie or overestimate their ability to get things done. Good luck if Project 2025 is real...
I think that, if data was presented with percentages, the number of correct answers would increase dramatically kind of irrespective of numeracy or political views of people
For me, I am willing to spend some time researching a reasonably sounding argument contrary to what I believe, but I will also admit, that I am quite likely to take a reasonable argument in accordance with what I believe as a straight fact without much further reserach.
The skin cream did improve the rash,  just not as well as not using the cream
My first thought was, there’s no category for no change in rash.  And that they did not use a placebo as a control, so they don’t know if the non-active ingredients of the cream or what caused the rashes to get worse in so many
I like this type of video the mental challenges
That was a really smart way to lure me in and tell me im stuck in my own way of thinking you just blew my mind i know they all said it but id like to believe im genuinely gunna be more open minded after this
I have found that when I speak to someone who has very rigid views based on their politics (their tribalism) that if I listen to their concerns and address them on their individual level, that it helps find common ground. It has even helped turn what started as an an acrimonious discussion into one where I was literally thanked and hugged. The key may be to treat people as individuals and as part of the largest tribe of all: humanity. And listening and taking people's concerns seriously.
They're not smarter.  The measurement for intelligence is wrong.
All this assume people conducting polls and experiments are honest when they can be bought by billions in political budget. This video may be paid to distract people from this fact. If I know people can be manipulated this way, I will pitch politicians and marketing for profit. That's what Edward Bernays did and wrote the book "Propaganda" to explain public relations.
All of this is assuming that "better" means the higher ratio of better to worse. I would argue that the use of these ratios does not accurately portray the viability of the skin cream. Were the two groups equal in quantity? Because if so, there is a large number of people who didn't get better or worse and still have a rash. So many more questions including type of cash, type of cream, whether or not the rash is diagnosed and then the cream prescribed, etc. Maybe I am just proving the point of the video here, but this data as presented is inconclusive.
6:36 This has nothing to do with "smarter people" doing worse. It just so happens that people with political views that were opposed to what the correct answer to the question would have pointed towards didn't want to cope with such a theoretical possibility (which would have contradicted their personal beliefs), therefore ignoring the question alltogether and making up stuff that has nothing to do with it. There is a reason people prefer to stick to their cliques and bubbles.
For the skin cream question, I thought that the cream actually improved rashes because the numerical data makes it look as though there was a lesser sample size for the non-skin cream group and because I myself have complications with some skin care ingredients so perhaps the efficacy of the skin cream is high, just that it may contain an ingredient that may be a common allergen or irritant to most people 🤷‍♀️   But I guess if you were to solely base your answer on the data alone, the answer shown in the video would be the correct way to interpret it.
If anything you should reject your need to fit into tribes.
7:05 what this is really showing is that below about 6 numeracy, Republicans are _way_ more susceptible to confirmation bias than Democrats.
What people who switch from one party to the other?
No criticism or judgement, just pure curiosity: what are your political beliefs?
別人在選舉你再研究心理學
CLICKBAIT
Are the amount of people in both the test and control groups the same? Even if that study was real how can it reach that kind of conclusion when the amount of people on the groups are different?
The reality is that these issues are far more complex than these studies usually portray. They want to pretend that things are one dimensional. That's what politics is all about - ignoring all the dimensions that don't align with your side. It's basically in the definition of politics.
This is like asking people on the economy. The government argues that if you ever recover from a disaster, it was definitely all the government's fault. Definitely not individual people working to better themselves in spite of government obstacles.
Okay this is genuinely one of the best videos I have seen in a while!
Are we going to get the continuation for the strange physic principles that shape reality?🗿
confirmation bias makes people think they are open-minded. its will also cause people to cherry pick what they apply their numerousy to. i believe in finding the truth above all else, therefore,  i have no tribe.
75/298 = 25% worse outcome with 21/128 = 12% worse outcomes without  Go without.  It's not intelligence. It's statistics people don't get. Plus misleading group sizes.
I think this is an incredibly irresponsible video to make, putting things like global warming with hypothetical numbers really gives the unfounded claim that "global warming doesn't exist" as much legitimacy as claiming that it does. While yes, it is inherently political, I think when given information that contradicts our own beliefs, I think it should be obvious that there would be a bias, a resistance to that kind of information. It's not necessarily tribal either, it's just the ability to look at something "in a vacuum" never really exists. It's like humoring a flat earther, it's hard for someone with an ingrained knowledge of the earth being round.
Very well done video ❤
Im sorry im sorry but for the cream one wouldn't using all the data signify you're more intuitive and you actually get it right? I'm so confused.
Im old enough to remember when the country wasnt political.   The problem is "cable news". It changed everything for the worse
It helps to be expecting a trick question.
Seems pretty straight forward but you assumed people would do the problem backwards and get it wrong? When you said most people would look at it like so and showed right to left I started scratching my head like what in the backwards wrongness 😅
so people ignore occam's razor and invent justifications in their mind for the numbers on the chart (that are clearly related) would not be actually related in ways that challenge their beliefs.  literally making up different kinds of crime for the second column, etc.
“On these questions, smarter people do worse”.  I assume you are interpreting “these” to mean all versions of the question including skin cream but clearly in the video it’s just the political questions that are being referred to. The point of the video is smarter people are generally more polarized as they can see “around” the data or choose to interpret it through a specific lens to match their beliefs and generally by nature of being smarter have more options available to them (assuming numeracy is a sign of general intelligence).   In some ways it’s good sign that smarter people question deeper what they are presented at face value, but in others ways (as is the case here with fake data where there is no deeper questions to be had) it might pull them away from the correct answer. Note that it’s the conclusion they get wrong, not necessarily the thought process (ie: they may have considered the ratio based understanding of the data and saw the results correctly, but then ignored it anyway because it didn’t line up with their a-priori knowledge).
If math doesn't help, then you're not using it in the right way...
My dad is very intelligent. He’s an MD.  But he’s also extremely subject to bias.  When we watch football, he has difficulty acknowledging calls to go against our team.  Don’t get me started on politics… other day he was ranting about Biden and inflation. He refused to acknowledge the role of the pandemic and supply chains and said that it was irrelevant that the US had better inflation recovery than most of the industrialized world.  Nope it was all Biden’s fault.  I brought up all the unemployment at the end of Trump’s term and then it was all “you can’t blame Trump for that it was the pandemic”…
Clickbait title, there wasn't any question where the smartest did worse than the least smart.
I believe changing your mind and flipflopping on your convictions entirely is also dangerous.
Humans are irrational creatures, knowledge and education has been stripped of its true purpose. People fall into data traps because they dont know how the data was created. Just like the cost of living most data says you need $13-15k a year to be fine but in reality its closer to $60-70k a year.
Are we forgetting that we have no control data? I see placebo and product but no control.
Merci pour la video
Why just use firearms as the example and not, say, puberty blockers on mental health? I imagine the graph might be similar but with line colours switched.
it's also the smarter people are the harder they can have TDS
If both studies had the same amount of people some people wouldn't have seen a change, some people would have, we don't have enough information, there's not enough outcomes (no change), and if there were different amount of people from each study then its an unfair study.
I'm a little annoyed. The actual study includes a specification that the total number of participants in the two groups (cream vs no cream) is not the same because of dropouts, implying that everyone had their rash either improve or get worse. In this video that tidbit of information isn't mentioned, so I spent the whole time thinking both groups were probably the same size (say, N=300 for each group) and therefor there were a lot of people whose rash didn't get better OR worse. If that's the case, the interpretation that the cream DOES work is the correct one. So the actual paper is valid, but the way the problem is presented in this video is confusing in my opinion.
I don't completely agree with this study for multiple reasons. The conclusions are true and is just bog standard confirmation bias but there's a lot more nuance about WHY people disagree with the numbers.  You see, you try to make things black & white - it's true or not true - but that's not how statistics work. Statistics are data and data is open for interpretation unless you have every single data point you need to come to a clear cut result which is extremely rare in reality.  For example one of the people interviewed asked what kind of crimes you meant and that's a great question. If California makes stealing below $950 no longer a crime, it will make crime figures drop. Combine this with stricter gun control and you have a false image of what really happened since you might think "oh, the drop in crime MUST be because of gun control". Politicians knowingly adjust laws to push statistics in a certain direction just for this very reason and the media usually just laps it up.  HOWEVER smarter people will be able to pick apart such statistics and be sceptical of how valid they are and you counted those as "wrong" which, ironically, is wrong. Doubting & questioning data that lacks enough information to come to a clear answer should NOT make them wrong.   Of course, if the numbers confirm their bias, they're less likely to be sceptical and that's where confirmation bias comes in.  Basically you proved an age old thing by using a flawed study that reached many wrong conclusions but stumbled upon the truth anyway. Interesting.
I try to listen to/consume things I agree with no more than 50% of the time. This exposes me to other ideas and breaks down the herd mentality a bit. Not a perfect solution, but I do think it helps 😊
I think you make logical point of vew bad videos for comments. You want to upsets normal people with trash
I am not sure if the ONLY difference is political context tbh. While I intuitively believe this study and conclusion to be correct I have scientific issues with it. Or well with this video as I did not read the full paper.  My issue; it’s also adding an example people have prior knowledge about. No Mayer if correct or incoomrrect knowledge, it’s different.  Not just by being political. You could do this with any topic people know something about. Heck, give a brand name on the skin cream might even influence people based if the thing it’s a good or bad brand.  How did the researches compensate for this?
1:26 no it's not. Maybe it is for stupid people.
I knew it , Dems are stupid
clickbait
An interesting social experiment would be to make another 2 groups. One that will answer about cream data and then about gun control, and reverse: first with gun control, and than cream. That will confront their agenda in data interpretation on the spot. But their reactions might give us some clues on how to present data to prevent emotional reactions, and how to deal with the problem.
I think the fact the data is presented in such a vague way leads people to be more biased in their conclusion. People don't apply probabilistic reasoning to political issues, politics is not about probability. With clearer evidence i think there would be much less deviation.
Dayumm, this is not what I expect when i click on the video.  when the ideology of those "smart" are contested. Instead of using they "smart" to reassess those ideas, they are more likely to use them "smart" to defend the view
Bias >>> Logic Agenda >>>> Everything   Always has been a fact of the human condition.
I love this video Veritasium, thank you
Almost like they're both liberals
"What's the point of having eyes when it's the mind that's blind?"  Perfect example of why I despise politics. People subconsciously let it seep into their personality and beliefs and are too far gone to realize their mistakes. Friendships, relationships, or any relation with another person gets ripped apart from these diseases called "democrat" and "republican". So disgusting, I can't wait to show this to the most politically involved people in my life just for them to continue to be blind.
Did they just measure IQ and call it numeracy to not offend people? I just divided the top row by 2, since 223/2 was close to 107, and 75/2 was way bigger than 21.
11:05 Fixing the symptoms instead of the root of the problems.
Sea levels are rising at a rate of about an inch per century.  But you show a flood with several feet of water rise. This is a form of lie.
The media, both the left and the right, has lied to us so much, that we discount new data, and go back to our political biases.
I have taken a stats class where the teacher drilled into our heads that context doesn't matter, only the math does.
‘We believe what we do to fit in with our tribe, and thats rational’. So basically even “smart” people will never die by the cause or stand up for their beliefs as much as they should, because tribal mentality. Not everyone is a shill. The people that produce election polls and demographic metrics are academics. I studied econometrics, this whole fiasco of a study is just a poli sci guy trying to convince you the sci actually belongs in his name. Economics speaks way more on social science than these little litmus tests pretending to be scientific. And I’ll be the first to say that econ isn’t science. How could it.
Okay see the gun control one would trip me up, not because of politics, but because you told me at the start the cities where comparable, meaning demographically of similar size and make up. In which case the larger numbers do hold sway since I would be forced to make the assumption that there is something I’m not being told, like a middle table for no change in order for the sum of each column to be equal in the total data points. Does that make sense? Increase + decrease + a third variable = the increase(city 2) + decrease (city 2) + third variable (city 2).
Ironic
the reason those with high numeracy did relatively worse on the political question was because they did so well on the apolitical one. Whereas the low numeracy people didn't do that well with either question. Basically all people can be affected by bias and answer wrong but only smart people can answer right when unaffected by bias.
I think the politics question ignores that people will still LOGICALLY believe in their stances even when presented with evidence that it may not be as correct as they would like to believe. Its not necessarily that they blind themselves with politics, its that in an effort to be persuasive they will challenge adverse information. Look at it like this: If I told you, a steak lover, that a carnivorous diet increases the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere. Are you going to stop eating meat? Are you going to stop supporting the 2nd amendment because someone proved to you that gun control is necessary on alot of other people, but not necessary for you? Smart people on both sides understand that the moral argument isn’t represented in data.  If you go up to someone that changed their mind because of the data you showed them, and is now a vegetarian. And show them fake data that THIS life style is now the one contributing to CO2 emissions more than their former one. Would you expect them to switch sides now again? Or even become some further extreme of veganism? This study seems to presume that there is some flaw in people’s reasoning because to hold ANY belief is a form of bias. This study seems to say that our logic is inane, and often wrong, when we have a preset belief. And it will be used to attack people as a form of political dunning-kruger effect.
CONCLUSION: Reason is not a winning strategy to deal with people who believe in an ideology.
Qs 1: if you do a little math, when cream is used, 25% of the total people in "cream used" group, reported worsened rash. When cream is not used, 16% of the total people of "cream not used" group, reported worsened rash.  So, yeah, cream did not work. ( is this calculation correct?)
The fallacy here is that we are assuming that participants are trying to "get the right answer," when they may be attempting to assert their rights against a perceived attempt to infringe them. They care more about influencing the political dialogue than demonstrating their numeracy. They may well know what the results of the  fictitious study would imply, yet refuse to give the "correct" answer, choosing instead to use whatever voice they have to influence the public discourse.
He has a fair point. And it makes you wonder how different it would really be if he is a group of people could figure that out
Ok I thought the question was harder. It was just fractions. No statistics, no twists in how it was phrased.
This makes me question how the numeracy was graded and how many people fell in which categories. The point made is not nearly as strong if 50% or more of people were 9's and above
Im gonna ace this
I am sorry, but not noticing 75/21 in your first question isn't "smart". If you're only focusing on half of the information presented to you, you're not smart. Is it really something we need to point out? What timeline is this.? Am I being gaslit?  Also, my first question would be - why does the control group has less people then the medicated group? 😂
The smartest people seem to have to least sense.
Very sneaky inserting that short clip at 9:29
This video is perfect example of its content, the problem is not creme, guns, but the question itself. Dumb undefined question means vast difference in answers. Did the creme help , yes , why , bigger Sample size more people used IT, when you ignore the worsening , IT helped more people just by default. The problem is not the Topic, political learning, but being unable to comprehend how other people think and being unable to ask Concrete question that is really Well defined.
You have done more than just “raise awareness”, you have put a “starting point” like you said out there, and it’s the best starting point I have ever seen for this issue which means everything for functional democracy.
3:00 exactly what I expected
redefine intelligence bro not that hard
fantastic video. I especially appreciate this one right now.
if you dont get the skin cream one right youre probably pretty dumb... the right answer is obvious. Looking at the biggest numbers sounds like something a 5 year old would do
That study is a bad example though. The control group and experimental you’re are not the same amount of people which would avoid the problem. Also, they control group should have been given a cream that does nothing to cancel the affects of placebo.
6:32 I think here the data point of 9 needs to be addressed for the sake of accurate analysis, and for addressing a large counter argument for interpreting data the data to mean the opposite.  I liked that you pointed to specific data points, but those to do not support the generalization you made in the previous sentence.    Do you think it could instead be a case of  higher numeracy to a curtain level makes you do worse,  but at a certain level you start to get better again,  and in the case of a nine, people are likely to better than those with lower numeracy scores?
i have never been more disappointed in myself for getting every question right
Great video, it raises awareness on our biases. Kudos for touching on a controvertial topic such as the gun control. For policies on climate chage, it's clear to me that they should be driven by data. However, I don't see how policies related to ethics, which is a part of philosophy, can be analyzed with a data approach. See euthenasia, for instance.
I was confused because I paused the video when the numbers came up and got the right answer the first time. Then when the numbers came up again for the gun control, I was like, well the answers are the same. I wonder how I would fare if I was asked the question on the side of the road. I believe if I was confronted with the gun control makes crime worse data, I would correctly get the answer based on the data, but then question the reliability of the study given I live in Australia and well... Gun control has worked extremely well here hahaha.
Survival aims at truth because it aims at facts.
i feel like it would have been nice to habe another control group for the gun control part. The extra group should have been a non politically affekted group asked the gun question, to show that its not actually the different phrasing/presentation of the gun-controll statistic that makes it a harder question, but rather the fact, that people are being affected by their political views
I would say that this part needs a little less simplification to avoid confusion and inaccuracy on what the data’s saying, unlike is often called for in science communication.  This is still overall a well made, engaging, expertly paced and beautiful looking video, you and your team should be proud.  This is definitely a video that is both enjoyable, and that gives food for thought.    To put it in specific terms, to say that numeracy “doesn’t affect as much” would be more accurate then “numeracy skills no longer affect accuracy, which is simply not what the data is saying.  From a numeracy score of 0 to 9, there is nearly a 25% increase in accuracy, far from none.  And how this might seem to indicate something else could be a good even be used as an example, as you have done a lot in your videos, now that I think about it.  6:27
I noticed that you only showed the Republican views on this when they're shown contradictory information that you did not show the liberal views when shown contradictory information so I'm wondering why you cherry pick that even the guy who did the study when you see his lights it is clear that he's saying that Liberals are much more intelligent if they follow the same problem when it comes to ideology and math so I have to wonder what your agenda is in this because it's clear you have one
So called "good at math"! Actually good at math means they should know how to interpret numbers and charts. This video just taught me the word Numeracy for the first time.  A lot of ppl also confuse arithmetic for mathematics. That is just a tiny part of it. Long story short the majority of the population suck at Math while at the same time being good at arithmetic.
Some college students randomly started to ask me a question on the street and I ran, assuming there was a hidden cam for youtube or something like that.
I feel myself to be very fortunate in being able to change my opinions without fear or embarrassment when presented with new data. I feel like the world would be a much better place if we could all just say "Sorry, I was wrong" more often. My dad taught me this lesson... By being the opposite. The best example of this was him adamantly insisting that the Apollo 11 moon landing happened on July 19th 1969. When confronted with NASA saying it happened on July 20th, he doubled down, and said that was just down to the time difference between the UK and America. So when I pointed out that we're ahead of America, so that would make it July 21st in Britain, he just yelled at me to shut up, and insisted it was July 19th because he was there and I wasn't.
I don't know about all of you, but I had a euphoric moment when Veritasium confirmed that I got the skin cream question right.
Sorry, but I think you might have got the definition of “smart” wrong 😅 Real smart people should know this is a simple chi square test.
Its irrelevant to me whether gun control reduces crime, it is a right, the founding fathers may have called it god given, irregardless of where it it comes there are reasons beyond safety as to why citizens have a right to keep and bare arms.
The gun control question is a funny one, because in both cases do gun control and no gun control increase crime, meaning that whatever you had before hand might've been the perfect balance between gun control and no gun control. I think such numbers are harder to interpret than the hand cream one. Placebo is really important for interpreting data
But' - since it was a fictional study, that they disclosed, at beginning. The answer is' nobody got better. Or was helped, being their wasn't any groups.
Without knowing how many are in the group's, and how long each group was tested. As well' what allergies or environmental factors are present'? - then u cant' come up with a reasonable answer.. 😢
This video was dumb
I'd like to think everyone have bias. It's just a matter what ground are you standing on.  For example social behavior. Are you following law, moral ethic, culture or common sense which arguably made up by people. Or instead, following God's decree?
Politics embraces stupidity
Thanks, it was insightful.  But I think dogmatic bothsidesism is bad too. It's very easy for malicious actors to fabricate 10 or 100 more plausible texts or videos per every real research article.  If you average the result, the truth will be so diluted it practically won't be there - it will require very little effort from the malicious actors.
I would immediately say "this study is fake." It is really obviously fake.
"It's kinda like drugs" I would like to hear him go deeper in the logic.
This video do have a lot of issues 1.) your wording crime improved and crime worsened  both are ambiguous  2.) that you should have mentioned that the sample size as  for guns allowed you used a sample of 223 +75 which is 298 and guns banned you only used 107+21 which is 128  this also leads to confusion. 3.)at around 8 minutes in the video the questioner mentioned that the data is not real to the people which also lead to biasness. I agree that you can use wording to change public opinions that you mentioned at the end of the video though.
This video explains why I don’t follow politics. We don’t make our decisions based on objective data. Instead we all just follow our cognitive biases; it’s inescapable
That’s a video everyone should watch. Thank you for such a good work!
Forget the numbers tell me why you look like musk
Thanks Derek
dam that research was mindblowing in SO MANY WAYS
As an autistic person, honestly I would stunned trying to understand, the context of the question presented. Like for the cream example. 1. What kind of cream is this? While I don't believe someone would make a cream to induce skin rashes, it is the question. 2. Wdym by improving? Does the rash eliminated when 'improved' ? 3. If the population of the experiment isn't the same, how it tackle variations? Like not everyone is compatible to a certain skin care.  The last but not the least. 4. Why you're asking this?
3:01 freaks me the hell out. "I don't care about the facts, give me a name and let me use my preconceived notions to say what I think should be the answer and that's more valuable than numbers"
Wait if you answer this question correctly   Are you stupid or are you intelligent enough to think like a stupid?
This is soo funny lol 😭😭😭😭😭
What an idiotic study, you’re using fake data to relate to a real world situation that people already have data on. “Content creator” not a scientist clearly. Low IQ experiment
What this shows is that educated political-savvy Americans have learned how to manipulate political polls. There is also something extremely weird in this data in that conservatives below numeracy 8 score below 50% (chance) and social-liberals similarly score worse than chance up to numeracy 7. For the skin cream question, these numbers are numeracy 6 for Democrats and numeracy 7 for Republicans. It is quite surprising that respondents should underperform raw chance by such a large degree, to me much more surprising than the headline result that people give the "correct" (political) answer to political questions rather than the correct (mathematical) one. I think we have known and understood this latter phenomenon for some time and pollsters even add corrections to the raw data to account for it before publishing.
I think it's very funny to say "don't use loaded terms like climate change". Who made climate change a loaded term in the first place? Why is it less "apolitical" than a skin care cream? And would you be arguing like this about other issues, like genocide or queer rights? Besides, "sea level rise" is only not a "loaded term" in Florida because the people there are dealing with it right now! And what does it mean to address "local" issues? It it to put a bandaid here and there on the problem, when the causes are global and systemic?
Sorry but I dont think its that easy. Its a left and right thing for me  (not in a political but directional/chronological sense) If on the left side (the start of where my eye are first) of the matrix is the "prefereable" goal of the project   and on the right (where my eyes end) that what I personally wouldnt want to archieve, then I was able to see the proportions instantly. The other way around confused me, because my mind is automatically associating the start of reading with the goal. Also, did you ask the same people the same or a similar question the other way around, or did you ask someone else the other way around? My low numeracy score calls a no on those findings and this Dan Kahan....
How is the ham hammered comparison of 223 and 107 intuitive exactly? The most intuitive thing is to look at proportions. Like what even.
If anyone remember recently there's a paper on how well LLM reason with questions that have distracting/irrelevant data  (i.e. Asking for count of fruits but giving information of the size of it reduces accuracy)   This is quite similar to that actually, changing the subject of the question so that people are thinking irrelevant data that affects their accuracy.
Always consider the source(s).
God bless America God bless Donald Trump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
This a misleading video title. The high numeracy individuals still do better than the low numerscy individuals, they just do so by a larger percentage if it's not a political question.  And you actually see from the polarization graphs that high numeracy and other intelligence types tend to have less effect on one political leaning (presumably when data or mainstream authorities contradict their views), but a very strong effect on another (presumably when data or mainstream authorities corroborate their view). Its usually not th case in the examples shown that both sides diverge sharply with increasing intelligence.
Ironically, it appears this very phenomenon can be observed in these comments. People who feel strongly that they are ”smart” are less likely to accept that they are more fallible than those less educated on matters that they have strong beliefs about.
If you ask people about their political inclinations prior to presenting the data, then are you not anchoring their minds to think in that aspect in the first place?
Our minds play games with us. Yet we think we are smart and Intellectually honest.
My common sense immediate answer to the first question is that the cream made it worse because of the ratio. I thought it has to be more than that judging from the tit6so I thought it was something complicated or there was word play but I was right from the start.
ties this somewhat in to the "dunning-kruger effect"?
Oh no what did 2024 do to my favorite youtubers, now veritasium is doing clickbait 😢
2 points. 1) Group Think is a hell of a drug. I know full well how much is sucks to be right in a room full of people who are emotionally invested in being wrong, and risking being ostracized for my thoughts. Gotta be willing to put your reputation on the table though. Even if it takes them decades to understand your position, betrayal of truth is betrayal of the self. 2) The biggest thing people lack, especially smart people who have been told how smart they are their entire lives, is the ability to self-criticize. Not a lot of people do this. They love to criticize others though. But if you're going to do that, you're doing yourself a disservice if you're not willing to cut yourself twice as deep. You're not going to see much more than the others around you see otherwise. Intellectual self-improvement requires a degree of masochism, and a willingness to hurt your own pride.
2:20 the education (aka: indoctrination) system doesn’t teach or test for this type of intelligence. I seeks out the opposite. Institutionally educated folks are dumber. Simple.
And where are the smart people that got it wrong??
This video makes no sense to me at all because numbers are just numbers. I struggled actually quite a bit with proportions in school but I had them beating into my head by my aunt. Eventually I came to understand proportions very well. Nowadays I find that they are the most useful math concepts and the one that is most applicable to daily life. I used proportions on a near daily basis. Any type of calculation that you need to do that involves ratios basically of abortion can be used and it is super simple. As long as you know how to lay out your table You can basically come up with any calculation you need. You just need to lay out the table right. Nowadays I can just do proportions in my head as I know that there is one number that is going to be multiplied by 100 most of the time and that is quite easy to do and then you justified the resulting number by the existing number and most of the time I can do that in my head. Even if I have to use a calculator it is pretty quick.
I would consider myself a smart person and I would never get this wrong. However I struggled with porportions as a child. I eventually figured them out and now find them super simple. They're not many things that I use that I learned in school but I use proportions very frequently. Nearly every day.
Higher Numeracy is not equal to higher Intelligence. You can be a math prodigy and yet be dull as the average human. Intelligence is complex set of features, that includes reasoning, numeracy, literacy, overall knowledge of many topics, including physics, biology, chemistry, geography, history and so on. You can't claim yourself intelligent if you don't know basic laws of how particles, organisms, substances react; if you don't know the evolution of different subjects; if you don't have the reasoning capabilities to grasp all that information about a problem and deduct an opinion out of it. So, I would disagree with the title of this video.
Veritasium literally did a democrat vs republican 💀
I'm mediocre at arithmetic, but I love Baye's theorem
I mean, even with the cream question I would be hestant to draw conclusions from the data given, I immediately felt that several additional questions needed to be asked, but with a question as complex as gun control those unaccounted for factors are immediately higher. What's interesting is that it seemed like people only felt inclined to scrutinise the data when it showed something different to what they expected based on their existing beliefs, which is not a bad instinct, but I do think that people should be more skeptical of data presented by their own side and aware of their own confirmation bias. Data is data, but we should always ask questions about whether we're applying that data correctly, considering we tend to not be very good at it 😏
I find it funny that I did the math differently and still came to the same answer to the skin cream question.  Don't know how I might have done on the gun version.  But I do know the gun question is many times more difficult to have a control group, which in turn changes the experiment.
Well, no one has ever accused a democrat of being good with numbers or facts. 🎉MAGA time 🇺🇸
Think part of it is that at that point they aren't just assessing the data being presented to them they are comparing it to w.e data they already know or at least believe they know, its sort of like the joke about someone reading the newspaper and believing everything its reporting until it gets onto a topic they are proficient in then they talk about how wrong that report is before moving on to continue believe everything else the newspaper says.
Ground News hit the frickin jackpot over here. This is literally a 15 mins of why we are inherently biased by nature, and have to actively try to not be biased, and thus how critically relevant viewing data and news from both sides is. I imagine you calling them up and midway in your first sentence shouting: Yes, we would LOVE to sponsor you!
I don't think political view is the only thing affecting the situation. Crime rate in itself is a result of an amalgam of factors present in a society, you could have made banning alcohol, scooters, rye bread or anything else the factor that is under scrutiny, I think people would've made roughly the same "unscientific" deductions.  The premise in itself is flawed, as using cream vs not using cream is closer to a "in a vacuum" scenario. Experimental treatment versus no treatment. Guns aren't as binary, you don't use guns for only 1 thing, and the impact of their use isn't so simple to determine. Guns are more similar to the cap on the cream; some blocking access to people that it would harm, some facilitating the access of others to become healthier. Studies like this are the reason why I'm pretty pissed by the ego of academics. Just because an institute approved of your study doesn't necessarily make it a pillar of science. Your study isn't like the Theory of relativity, which many intellectuals tried to disprove. You just made no mistakes relative to the limited standards of the board overseeing the studies.
nice one :)
Brilliant. I hope we are United 😊
It's an easy fix. Make it illegal for news outlets to post misinformation. There's no right to have free speech on a private platform either. Social media sites should ban anyone that repeatedly posts misinformation.
But when are the fake surveys and people's opinions compared to reality?
tbh i got the right answer but for the wrong reason lol. my brain didn’t account for the ratios between worsened vs improved for each group, i saw it more as “cream is worse because from a harm reduction standpoint you have way more people getting worse using it than if they went without.” what does that say about me 🥴
So in the study, did the participants know they were looking at hypothetical numbers or did they think they were real?
This is a great video, thank you!
So to be numeracy is the same as smart? I think not. Sure smarter people have easier to be good at numeracy. But even a person under 90 IQ can be good at math if they train enough. In school you see those persons all the time. They are good at study but intelligent as a rock.. I would even say that alot of unintelligent people tries to compensate for thier unintelligence by beeing good at school. Do a intelligence test on those that are good at numeracy and I would bet that half of them wouldn't have an IQ over 100. A smart person would say that guns have both prons and cons. Weak people will have a chance to protect themselves against stronger people that they couldn't without weapons and also that guns are just an extensions of your fists but with guns more or less everyone has the same fists. But the negative with guns is that people will more likely to use lethal force that they wouldn't if they had to kill someone with their bare hands. Smart persons has a critical thinking and peels of all the layers of an question.
Humans are just apes with language, and universally plagued with useless emotions.  Rarely does one do anything in life besides follow its basic biological programming.  Tribalism is just leftover software that nearly all of you fail to rise above. L2evolve
The study is not measuring numeracy. It’s measuring bias.
When you're already ostracized from the majority for all kinds of [REDACTED] ignorant thoughts and actions and feel isolated, the moment someone offers you a safe space where you can choose to perpetuate ignorant ideas with others, that group becomes crucial to each member's sense of self and identity, and most would do any kind of mental gymnastics if it meant keeping the group intact.   This fear of either having to go back in isolation or god forbid reassess one's viewpoint creates a giant mass of highly suggestible and easily manipulated humans.  And as group leader, you have one job -- keep the group together and reinforce the groupthink.  People will literally believe anything or just ignore logic, all for the express purpose of keeping the ignorant together and rejecting anything new.  Common in every cult studied.  Even ones made up of ordinary folks that insist demanding more corp tax breaks for the wealthy leaders or 1% is in their best interests somehow.    It's a mad, mad, mad, mad world out there.
The genius lady who said that the numbers mean nothing to her voted for Trump.
I see a flaw in the gun control study. Many people are aware of the actual statistics on gun violence, but literally nobody knew anything about that fictional study on fake skin cream. So their foreknowledge of previous data they've seen would clearly sway their reasoning when looking at this "study".
You have an amazing way of explaining things and using examples in all of your videos to make it all make sense! Good stuff!
The timing of this video is not lost on me. Thoroughly enjoyed it. I am definitely guilty of shunning ideas because they're not typically associated with my belief system, despite being a deeply curious person. I have been working on it, and will keep doing so in the future.
Reading the comments is hilarious. People are questioning the study saying it ignores the fact that people have a deeper understanding of gun control than skin cream. The other reasoning was they know so much about it they don't trust the data. But that was exactly the point of the study. To explore what effect people's bias has on their mathematical ability. (Gun control seems to be the most controversial one here because... America). So it doesn't matter what you believe, if you're mathematically competent you should still be able to divide those numbers and come up with about 3 and about 5. But your brain short circuits the logical part and says "oh I already know the answer to this" so no need for pesky math. An evolutionary biologist would explain this as basic survival bias. If you were an early human, surviving meant staying in your tribe or group. If you got kicked out of your group you most likely don't live very long. Therefore you can't pass on your genes to the next generation. We are all biased to some degree.
Next up on veritasium skrimps is bugs
Takeaway: people are stupid no matter what.
I would argue switching from cream to guns is a completely different problem even when the numbers are the same. In the first case you try to identify the effect on an individual. For the individual, if the cream worked for 10/100 people or 20/200 people it’s the same. In the case of guns however, a rational person would not look at the probability alone,  but the city as a whole. An individual would prefer the city where 10 crimes occur instead of 20 because this is the city the individual is less likely to be a victim of a crime or a victim of attempted crime. The problems are not comparable at all. Just my 2 cents.
I mean, you can see a rash. You can quantify it. You can't quantify political issues as easily as seeing a rash.
lovely story and one i aspire to, encouraging everyone to get along with each other. But Mr.Veritasium, I appeal to you, as the critical thinker i feel sure you are, to look at these "social scientists" experiments in more detail. These tests for the last 50 years, as far as I'm concerned, are always "loaded". To help their cause. I'm sure you won't see this post, but reporting "data" like this is always flawed. There is always "bias" toward the total number of results in each category for the "case in point". Reversing the "outcome" with the same numbers does not rectify the bias but exasperates it. Social scientists insist the percentages are what counts, but they never reverse the bias to test their hypothesis. Why is there never an analysis of "equal numbers", ie. 100 for each resulting category? It makes no mathematical difference of course, yet there is no test to account for this. Its why double blind is so important in science.
Results is obious because of other reasons than what you think. "Crime improved" does that mean more crime or less crime? "Crime worsened" does that mean "less crime", "more crime" or a higher severity of the crime? The questin can be understood in different way because of what the peoples political party rather than the number itself.
Awesome take on this. Thank you very much for the inspiration.
Bear Down!!
I think another issue that isn't often addressed is that data is often gathered with the conclusion already decided instead of drawing conclusions based on the data. That's why whenever people hear something that doesn't re-enforce their beliefs they dismiss it or try to "logic"it into their view. If the studies or surveys (whether it's governments or private interests) didn't cherry pick or manipulate data, and the conclusion was, to the best ability, an unbiased interpretation of reality and not what they want it to be, I think some of this would be different. But currently, nobody trusts anything and will always try to make reality fit their beliefs.
Emotions are stronger than logical thinking
The problem with a program to deal with sea level rise is not the same thing as addressing global warming.  I mean, yes, it's good to start building sea walls in low lying areas, but that's not the same as trying to reduce carbon emissions.
The video stops playing at the same place every time I try to watch it. Happens only on this video on youtube. 0:59
Humans are irrational. 🤷‍♂️
Thanks, we are baised people that i know, everything else i have no clue about
The core of the issue you were poking around in this video is more specifically an issue of trust than tribalism. Too many people have seen an ever increasing number of reports and findings where both present polar opposite results or the results presented don't match that individual's lived experience in some way. Therefore when presented with some new finding about a nearly innumerably faceted topic like gun control, there will be many willing to see the findings, but they will view them with the utmost level of suspicion and not change their minds on the spot.  Again, because they will have seen a number of other sources that say otherwise and they trust more.  To include sources not directly speaking to the topic at hand (the many faceted aspect).  Like a blister caused by bad footwear takes time to heal, so too will it take an incredible amount of time for people to begin simply being open to trusting information that conflicts with things that have become part of the tribal/political/cultural war.  Trying to figure out some brainy new persuasion technique to get them on side will only serve to continue and escalate the conflict.  For gun control specifically, one question that basically nobody asks is, "Why does somebody living in the middle of the swampiest swamp, the most deserted of deserts or the woodiest woods of trees need to be saddled with the access restrictions whose stated goal is historically to limit the number of kids being killed by guns in the inner cities?" Most people would point out, "I haven't done anything wrong.  Why am I being punished for the problems of people I will never have any interaction with , and likely will never meet?" That question is the seed of the tribal thinking. By eroding people's trust in information by presenting them with half-truths in both directions and then forcing the issue with a massive legislative overreach that extends the "solution" over people who feel they don't need/deserve it, the proponents of gun control (the ones advocating for the largest change in this case) are actively creating the tribal mentality in both groups.  Something that should not be but is because, again, too many incomplete truths in the sources means nobody really trusts any of the sources anymore.
This is very relieving. There aren’t millions of stupid people, it’s the politicians fault
How the "trust the pop science" people function. I guess I'm too stupid to have gotten it wrong.
This explains a lot about the pandemic, doesn't it?
It's a little weird that you didn't mention that the 50 percent of correct answers means you are doing the same as the dumbest random predictor aka flipping a coin
You incorrectly stated the conservative views on gun control. The belief isn't that "good guys with guns will kill bad guys with guns". That's nonsense. The conservative view is that criminals don't follow laws, so making laws to prevent gun ownership doesn't help. And just take a look at the places where gun regulation is the highest, there you will find the most gun violence. So clearly, the liberal view is flawed in some way.
The frontal lobes are a more recent development in brain evolution. Our reasoning ability generally supports our intuition and emotional coping strategies, instead of the other way around.  We are still animals where the tribal connection has been a longer part of our evolution than our abstract reasoning and analytical abilities.  This study underscores we are not aware enough of that fact.
The skin cream thing seems super straightforward intuitive. You're basically comparing roughly 1/4 to 1/6, so the math should tell the truth. I also dropped out of high school, so there's that.
Actually I’d be interested to find out if these studies could be replicated throughout different cultures and countries, or is it culturally specific, etc.
You say that the rash cream is the intuitive answer but why is it given that designation? The other one seemed obvious
Actuary here.  The only problem I see here is with the study, and the suggestions made about numeracy etc is misleading.  The context of any data is crucial in how to interpret the results from such analysis.  Just presenting people with the grid forces them to import their own version of context which affects rightly their interpretation.  You cannot say who is right and who is wrong in their interpretation just based on the grid.  A few people in the vid got this right.  The lady saying she cannot work with numbers and the guy with the mirror sunglasses - basically they are saying you need context to make a judgement.
10:05 cheeky sponsor
This video is amazing and enlightening. We all should try hard to be very aware of how malleable our opinions are and act accordingly. And our government should protect our psychology instead of allowing it to be toyed with by various entities for political or financial gain.
People suffer from what I call political blindness. They are so attached to their belief on certain topics that any evidence you present them that contradicts their feelings does not matter. They are unable or unwilling to change their mind
Great video!!!
So I just took each column and divided the top number by the bottom number to see it proportionally, although I would still need to delve into the methodology of the study and concede that I am neither an expert in skin care nor in gun control.  How dumb does that make me be?
9:13 getting burned by Veritasium
Very interesting study, kudos to the research team.
Only watched up to the question so far. My immediate reaction is roughly a third of the people got worse with the cream and only a fifth got worse without it. So the cream made it worse. Interested to see if I’m stupid now. 😂 Edit: It’s a shame they didn’t do the bias one first, but it probably wouldn’t have worked on me as guns aren’t an issue in the U.K. Would need to be something upsetting about queues or tea in my case lol. On US politics, like most people outside America I’m totally against Trump. However one thing they’ve got right is looking into wasteful government spending. Although they should probably tackle it a little more carefully than just letting Elon sack everyone.
Bhund hokr dekh rha hu bada maza aarha h
»If we question the status quo by rejecting what those around us accept as true, we jeopardize our place in society.«  And that, my friends, is the reason I don't have any friends.
To be fair, I don't know if it's accurate to say that people with better numeracy skills are "worse" at it. You're comparing how far each side dropped, but they were equally bad at it.  Nitpicking aside, I loved the video and agree entirely that we need to get past our biases and work together. I'll have to check out Ground News, and I'll throw Tangle out there as well as a great source of unbiased political news.
Increible, gran trabajo de investigacion
People are not reliable.
My first thought about the problem was why are the sample sizes not the same lol you cant get accurate data on with one sample size being almost 3x's the others
I don't think the argument you're doing here is so fair. It is not the same to ask a question about a cream and a rash or about a gun and crime. One of the guys told it well : other factors make the situation way more complex. You're presenting a societal situations with a lot of unknown factors, especially a situation where there is no real control group, because other policies than gun control are being implemented all the time. So other factors may very well change the situation. The thing is, it is a fact that gun control does lower crime. That's the real data, not the fictional data. So of course many people will come with this knowledge. In this regard, Republicans are simply on the wrong side. We Europeans know that very well. Looking at this through an American-centric logic makes all this pretty bland.
The only problem is that there are the "facts" of this study and actual real-world facts. Note that the high-numeracy Dems actually did better than the Repubs even when the study was against their preconceptions. And my guess is that the distribution of high numeracy Dems is much higher than Repubs based simply on educational differences. But the real problem is that in the real world gun control has, again and again, shown to be effective in reducing crime.  With a few rare exceptions, Republican "logic" (i.e. there is no man-made global warming because the world was once warmer) usually flies in the face of actual facts. (This ignores the unprecedented speed of change since the development of industrialization ).
Could this help explain why the "Experts Are the Worst Forecasters" as well?
Somwhow Veritasium is justifying it is ok to believe even if the evidence is on the contrary?
Idk how that study was designed beyond what you presented in the video, but the correlation causation problem is ancient, a lot of our political views do not stem from data but from first principles, certain beliefs about human nature and theories of justice, which you need just in order to interpret any data whatsover.  It would require an overwhelming evidence to demonstrate to me that im a brain in a vat because in order to interpret the outside data i rely on the assumption that the outside world is real.and thus believe in the first principle that says that in order to afhere to reality, i have to adhere to some degree to what my senses tell me is real. So what this study shows is that political views are just more related to first principle thinking than data, imo, nothing new.
Veratasium. Thank you for putting the ad in the end.  May the right people click the ad. Meaning you will get more sponsors from ground news in the future.
I saw it like „about double the rashes healed better with cream, but also about 3 times the rashes got worse compared to no cream. Got me the same answer, but no idea if the way was correct
👍
Confirmation bias is a real threat to science and society. The only remedy is (unbiased) education and teaching of statistics skills. The question here is: how do we ensure unbiased education of competent teachers? To me, this is the most important thing that ultimately determines the existence of a healthy and robust society. (Unbiased) Education, the most important resource there is
I am so glad my IQ was high enough to become low again to actually let me reproduce more than twice & change something in this world for th4me better as well, compared to all the smart & rich people who will go extinct due to education & IQ
I read "Smarter people do worse" and thought "...than idiots". Actually they do better than idiots but worse than they should.
So in short, the world would be a better place if we all had a worse ability to reason about things, or if we all stopped having political beliefs
Non-political question: tries figuring out what the numbers mean  Political question: ignores the numbers completely
I think you used this method "that out beliefs are not set by carefully analyzing data" throw your which the gun policy data was different from the one you showed people and I think at this point we just believe  what you say regardless of data, and you're so right in this video.
Are "Smarter People" in the room with us?
If I was goven this "study" blindly, looks like a case study on placebo. Both sides get better whether you do or don't take the cream, so it's likely that people will get better regardless of if they take the cream or not. You just gotta *believe* in the cream. Therefore, the cream did not help.
The title of this video should be "People who already know a lot on a given topic are less likely to believe the random unsubstantiated data that is being presented to them"
When you're indoctrinated, you aren't thinking, so intelligence does not matter at all, because you'll just repeat the mantra of your indoctrination anyway.  "Educated" people are more likely to be indoctrinated, because indoctrination is a part of our education system.  But also the intelligence advantage you have over the indoctrinator does lower your chance of being indoctrinated, as you see through their stupid arguments.  That explains the whole graph at around the 7 minute mark in this video.
THE SHEER STUPIDITY… Clearly none of you have tried Brawndo.  That shits got electrolytes
This video made me lose respect for this channel. How veritasium called the group who did not answer correctly “smarter” made me lose respect for this channel. This is math you learn in late elementary, early middle school. Unfortunately, unsubscribed.
If I have barely any friends, does that mean I'm smarter or dumber? Or does just asking this question prove I'm dumb?
I got the math part right but took a while to answer the text based question 😂
I believe the cream study regardless of being made up study or not lacks the most important data on the card to give an answer btw if we would have been asked on the street. To be able to calculate the result you need to see the percentage of people whose condition hasn't been changed so that we could see the actual percentage of the people since now we know the total amount  of people participated on the study. Because the cream could have stabilized the rash which is also a good thing ;) And the solution to the general question about  how we can eliminate our tribes influence on our decision making is ; proper education system starting from the families. Do this study on the streets of Denmark or Norway please and then see the results. Regardless of their beliefs    people would usually get  the correct answer.  Evidence based decision making could be taught from childhood . The problem is most of the governments not wanting this to be able to manipulate the public easily whenever they want...
Niel Tyson once pointed out that the fact that 7% of elite scientists are religious is an interesting fact that deserves studying. And then when I watched this video, I kinda found a key to it.
A problem with the solution of not agreeing  on the root cause(es) of a problem is that the solution might unintentionally worsen the problem.
Imagine there was verifiable data that proved pigs could fly. Would you then believe it?  But why should you, just because some 'expert' told you to believe them? The only thing that we know to be true is from our own experience. I've never seen a pig fly, yet the data proves they do. So, how can I think rationally about the evidence since it contradicts my experience. I would need to do my own research and gather much more data before forming an opinion. But I just don't have the time since I'm busy researching too many other claims at present.  So I'll just let this one go and accept the norm. Is it then rational thinking just to go with the 'expert'?
Is this about the G spot?
The solution offered is to avoid discussing the actual problem and only deal with effects. Under this plan, climate change can be fought with air conditioning. I see a problem here.
Jokes on you I got all 8 of them wrong
It has to do with the presentation of the data and how much a person is familiar with this type of presentation. If you multiply the second row by 3.57 so that the analogy is kept and one of two numbers matches, it will be clear that the rash improved in more people who did not use the creme. We should also consider the fact that the trial in the second line does not have the same statistical power as the first because the popularuty is almost one third (of thd first line)
Showing just one counter-example to people (without much insight into the methods and credibility of it for that matter) is unlikely to challenge established beliefs that they've formed *over time* based (in their view) on the consensus and a variety of evidence.   This is different than if they were to see a variety of new evidence come out that challenged their beliefs, and if the wider consensus began shift in a new direction. If you showed them more evidence and told them that beliefs were changing as a result of the new evidence, they would give it more consideration.  If you asked them not whether one cream failed to work, but whether skin creams in general were detrimental, you would probably see a decline in accuracy too. It takes time to revise your worldview, so this isn't the best measure of one's open-mindedness and willingness to change in light of new evidence.
I don't know if the title is bait, but it made me cringe so hard that I'm just not going to watch the video.
I concluded that the cream made it slightly worse because roughly 25% people in cream group got worse rashes and roughly 20% people in no cream group got worse rashes. Is this reasoning correct?
its like when u ask chat gpt why it gave u a wrong awnser xD
I dunno. I used to be vehemently against the very notion that you could build and operate a wind-powered vehicle capable of going faster than the wind if you headed _directly_ downwind. (aka. the "DDWFTTW Controversy") I had watched numerous videos that showed various experiments claiming to prove it was possible, but I found some fault or other with all of them. That was my bias at work. They typically had a propellor on a mast with a linkage to some wheels. To me it was like the hypothetical perpetual motion machine. Then one day I saw one with a clip in slow motion, I made a note of the direction the propellor was turning, and I suddenly realized that I had completely misunderstood how the propulsion system worked. It was not the propellor that drove the wheels, but the wheels that drove the propellor. And it totally worked. I was like Saul on the road to Damascus.  Then I wondered ... what else do I "know" that is actually wrong?
Purpose of the study was to show just how dumb most humans are, even in the so called most advaged country on Earth with best schools, nutrition and opportunity, most are seriously stunted when it comes to basic intelligence.
Not on average, but more likely. The cream was more likely to make the rash worse.   On average would add up to the worse 91 and divide by all 433, which is a little over 4 times more likely. 3 times with and 5 times without.
Honestly, I found myself subject to this the other day. I’m not American, but am a history teacher with an interest in American politics. I was hoping Kamala would win and was disappointed when she lost. On TikTok I saw lots of comments about people saying they’re votes were reading as not counted q when checked online. I had to remind myself that anecdotal evidence is barely evidence, theres probably many reason that was happening, and that I logically don’t believe the US election can be stolen. But many people were buying into it, and I found myself almost doing so too until I actively turned on my critical thinking brain, instead of my emotional brain. I deal with evidence all the time, I teach source analysis all the time, and I was still suckered in for a moment.
"We posed data that the earth is flat or round to two groups and found that educated people were more likely to be wrong than uneducated" Invalid sample, people have already come to a conclusion vs not coming to a conclusion. This doesn't measure what it claims to. The trick of this study would have been in the framing, the only interesting part I noticed was the difference in politics on an issue. When ones side is wrong, one is bizarrely more consistent than if ones side is correct. There is something to that.
I got it wrong because I assumed that both groups had an equal number of participants, and the reason the 2 categories don't add up the same is because there was a 3rd category of people who saw no change in their rash. this would mean more of the experimental group improved and more worsened, while more of the control group stayed the same, which could mean that the rash improved for most but there may be some adverse reaction in others
While this is a great and interesting video, in my humble opinion, the biggest and hardest divides are not a lack of clearly understanding data (though there certainly is that), but rather a difference in worldview, both moral and practical. Examples include:  -Is abortion murder or just a clump of cells  -is climate change a world ending threat or are we better off just adapting -is gun crime an acceptable risk vs the risk of not being able to defend yourself from crime or a tyrannical government  -can men become women and vice versa or not - should we give extra help to those who are less likely to have upward mobility at the expense of those who are more likely (and is it ethical to base this on race or gender)  These are some of the hot button items, and are primarily not a matter of rationally understanding data, but rather worldview.
I thought I was smart man :(
imagine coming here to feel smarter but you accidentally get the answer right v-v''''
To be honest, this changed my way of thinking drastically. Although ideologies do matter, it is as if what we like and dislike. It's just all about personal preferences which I think is good to have. In my opinion, finding a way in between (ideology and logic) might be a better way. Or even better, if we can shape our ideology or belief by the logic. At the end, logic will never disappoint you, while your ideology will most of the time, except the time it helps you to stay motivated.
btw doesnt the skincare one not show a statistically significant difference?
Really should have showed us the gun control question first to see if we fell for the same thing
Still don't know what numeracy is and I got more and more confused the more it was mentioned 🫠
if derek commits suicide just know it was not suicide
On the crime I would need to have the "Total" crime, and then we can make the ratio. While on the skin cream we are basing on the "Total" tester/user.
soo your less critical if its about somethign you have a previous and critical view oni... so eyah if you have a specific ideology
"Democrats generally believes that gun control reduces crime, whereas Republicans believe it increases crime because it takes guns out of the hands of good guys who could prevent or deter crime."  Not necessarily. People on the right are against gun control for other reasons. It doesn't mean they believe it increases crime... Or least, they shouldn't believe that. I'm not sure if there are actual statistics on what they believe. But I know that many people are pro-gun for reasons that have nothing to do with crime rates. Just thought I'd throw that out there.
13,410 comments and not a single one says, "END GERRYMANDERING" (except mine).  They did it in Michigan and it worked!  The political extremists were ousted and it practiacally went back to the 1970's.  People in Michigan can talk to each other again.  Now I'd like to do it in Florida, "Voters not Politicians" write the district lines.  Where voters choose their politicians, not politicians picking their voters.  My own district is gerrymandered Red, Red and Red.  It's nightmarish.
tldr politics makes you dumm
3:03 a typical far right person, just people as smart as she vote for Trump
yes but This does not tell us anything about the real differences between leftists and fascists. Sure, h.sapiens are all going to have trouble finding holes in the data of their own group, but that similarity is trivial when you look at the contradictory beliefs and goals are on the left and the right.  *All Power to the People.*
Can anyone tell me if there’s a flaw in my logic here? - my brain immediately compared columns instead of rows, so instead of finding the ratio between improved/worsened for each option, I found the ratio between the improved and the ratio between the worsened.  Basically, ~219 to ~107 is like 2x, while 71 to 21 is like 3x. So for the very first example, I figured it the “worsened” tripled while the “improved” only doubled, then it’s obviously making things worse overall.    I think it prob had to do with the fact that the numbers just stood out as easier to compare in this order than the other order, and of course it works in this example, but is there any reason this rationale could fail that I’m not seeing?
Humans are irrational creatures but in what world are these people smart on any planet?
9:05, gentlemen of research and science.
As someone who has changed beliefs in the last few years I really really really don't know how to feel about this
I wonder how those with Autism would fair? I've read we are less susceptible to advertising. Personally the difficulties with social rules and communication have caused me to offend people simply because I question what doesn't make sense. I lean heavily on rationalizing everything, which is not always a good thing because feelings help us know what is important individually. My time in therapy has allowed me to be in greater touch with my feelings and allow for more personal growth. The self is not a static thing, it can and does change. Since I also have a background in biology, I always accept that new info. has the possibility of changing how we view the world.
There are no "smarter" people in this video. The only correct conclusion to be drawn from the data presented is that the sample size is too small, that is the only "smart" answer.
Beliefs and emotions override logic and rationality.   Shocker.
What you are addressing is confirmation bias and its effect to numeracy literacy. That's it--it's nothing new.
Cool vid. I think an angle you didn't consider is how aware people are that you can easily lie with statistics. Both parties do this, so when presented with any study that's meant to prove one side or the other which is contrary to their beliefs they don't believe it. Best example would be polling during elections.
Yeah, I have absolutely no idea how to solve this problem. My brother had the answer in like 3 seconds though. He was dropped on his head as a child.
And this - ladies and gentlemen - is how some how religions are able to still exist.
This study failed to replicate.
Welcome to how "Bonhoeffer Stupidity" (a term I came up with after reading Dietrich Bonhoeffer's essay "On Stupidity", which I highly recommend everyone to read in this current political climate) affects even highly educated people.  But, in addition to that, I have one small issue with the explanation in this video, and I admit, it could be that I just misheard something.  The way to look at these numbers is not comparing the ratio of one outcome to the other but by comparing the ratio of each outcome to the totality, that is, the sum of the two numbers.  One would be looking at the ratio of the outcome from the baseline starting condition, which is the key question to be answered: given a particular set of starting conditions, which is the more likely outcome.  That being said, even with this reasoning, one would still find in the first example about the skin cream and rash that applying the skin cream to that particular rash results in a worsening condition.
It's Data, not Data...  Veritasium now proven to spread false information!
notice that democrats are just baseline smarter
I feel like what this really measures is passion, or perhaps emotional investment.
Gonna try and become a person who never chooses sides in any topic only solutions and especially curiosity on the subject
There is a serious flaw in the way this is being interpreted, even the reported people in the rash testing didn't actually exist. The cream users clearly have a higher chance of seeing improvement, but they also have a much higher chance of seeing their problem worsen. There are known real-world solutions that have similar results. For instance, about 50% of people with ADHD will have significant reduction of ADHD symptoms when they take Ritalin. But there is also a significant portion whose ADHD symptoms will increase in occurrence and/or intensity. And the control group who take nothing will have almost no difference either way (if they take a pill containing no medication at all, there will be placebo effects). That doesn't make Ritalin worse than doing nothing. 50% of people will show improvement.  I know what this study's results are supposed to make us think, but it makes a logic leap that... is illogical and will not always be correct.
Attending medical school and being a gun owning centrist who favors better gun monitoring without limiting control really prepared me for these questions
It’s a click bait title, I got the question right because I know how math works. Don’t be stupid
I wonder if all the people questioned knew the gun statistics were fake. If not, them arguing against "the facts" doesn't seem as "blind to the truth" as presented in the video.  While those statistics do show that the opposing side "was right", real life statistics can't be used in a vacuum. Maybe the cities that lowered crime with gun control already had lower crime compared to the cities without gun control or vice versa. The interviewed people were adding nuance because that is what's necessary to truly see what "the facts" are communicating.  I AM fine with changing ny beliefs if facts contradict them and I have changed beliefs in the past, but it is best to put all info you are given under scrutiny.
You should really go through Jonathan Haidt's research on moral foundations theory. He goes through some really unique tests covering this exact same thing.
This rings 100% true today
It’s not that smart people can’t get the question right more easily, it’s that they might not know who you are, if your a publishing company, if the how you answer the question is not for a YouTube vertasium video but a news source. If your smarter, your more than likely considering more variables in that moment. The sample population also matters, what population you can generalize this to, to make an inference could be much smaller than who you are saying.
You methodology may be fundamentally flawed. Did you tell the participant to "only consider the numbers provided"? If not, they must naturally assume that they should also factor in the "priori", which is what they already believe, if we talk Bayesian terms.
A controlled medical trial versus policy statistics is not a fair substitution. You need significantly more evidence than just one statistic to even make an educated guess on what the source of change is in something as complex as society.  So it's understandable that they wouldn't change their opinion upon seeing condensed statistics of hundreds of cities.
The framing is dishonest because it conflates correlation with causation. Even in the skin cream example, it could've been a placebo since we're making up numbers anyway. The "good faith" is that the skin cream has a chemical and therefore reasonable effect on the skin whether that's good or bad. For guns, then yes, the "good faith" is to assume both cities are equal in all possible factors other than guns, which seems much more of a stretch. For one city to pass a ban on guns and another not to would require a number of other circumstances that would almost certainly make those cities not equal if we're being practical, which is how both sides interpret this question.
The biggest problem is the "fact" that nowadays there isnt many sources of "clean facts". Let's be honest, EVERYONE has an agenda. Not just the left or right side, but even on an individual level. Everyone has bias. And we live in a world were increasingly this bias/agenda is being injected into what they call "facts". I could have Ideology XYZ and someone could show me the "facts" of how I am wrong (or right), but who knows if those facts really are the facts? Who knows someone didn't pay someone to make a study, a poll, a survey etc. to show exactly what they wanted it to show? Or even more sinister, just flat out faked numbers or whatever else. Exactly, we don't know and in most cases can't verify it either. So the argument of "when someone shows you the facts, you should change your mind" isn't that straight forward. If we all did that, then propaganda (in whichever direction) would be insanely easy and thus easy to control/fool a population with said propaganda. The best thing a human can have is: skepticism. Never just believe one source. Always look for other sources, look at the other sides, etc etc and if possible, come to your own conclusion. The moment you just blindly start "believing facts", is the moment you have become "bought and paid for".
The question on the skin cream wasn't presented fairly. I paused the video when the data was presented, and my first thought was, "why are the totals different?" Then I recalled your pictograph and you showed 4 bodies next to 4 bodies, so I decided to operate on the assumption that the groups had equal participants. If the groups were equal, then there was a third result not shown, and whether that third group was "no change" or otherwise isn't all that important to my conclusion. My conclusion then -  the cream, like most medicines, is effective for some people and can have negative effects for others. The control group would have had more people that fit into the third category not shown, and again that could be anything, such as "no change". In short, the cream is effective with an asterisk.  However, I also divided the numbers and came to the same answer that you called the "correct answer" before unpausing. That said...  If you had given me the question, not offered me the opportunity to ask questions (why are the totals different?), then the answer I would have written or verbalized would have been my first answer. My point being, depending on how this study was presented (the numbers, not the made-up study), the results may have been skewed.
How can any "report" include "unreported" crimes if they are "not reported" ???  The idea of "unreported" crimes doesn't make any sense!  If you are including some fictitious "unreported" crimes then you are literally just making up a number and nobody can argue with it other than to say that "unreported" crimes are not crimes because there are no victims, you are literally just making up "unreported" crimes which only exist in peoples imaginations. If someone smashes your pumpkins and you don't report it then there is no report or record to say it was a crime and you are not a victim because you didn't report it. If there is suspicion of a crime but no victim then there is no crime.  If there is a suspected victim but the victim does not press charges then there was only suspicion and there is no crime and no report of a crime, only report of suspicion of a crime.  No victim, no crime. If a possible victim doesn't cooperate then there was only suspicion of a crime.  Logically, the "unreported" part is all fiction and doesn't make any sense.
For skin scream one, this proportion could’ve been too small to be statistically significant, but if we’re just raw doging it, rash didn’t improve it because the of the proportions for each group, a better experiment would’ve been to get a bigger sample size for group that didn’t use it, the question can be confusing.
Really important video in today's times
Smart people are just as susceptible to cultish thinking as dumb people. It's important not to forget this.
The reason smarter people got it wrong is likely due to the fact that real-life data shows that the areas with the HIGHEST gun control have the HIGHEST crime. Chicago, LA, for example.  Smart people know this.
Ironically the entire video is only impressive to the low IQ crowd
Thank you for driving attention to this topic. I found it truly instructive
I'm not buying it. There is tribal and tribal. A tribe that has information contorted by bias might adopt such biases readily but on rechecking might notice the bias and deal with it. A cult will just maintain there isn't and can't be any bias come what may.  I'm not even sure about the specific technical claim made here. Yes, people with good numeracy when confronted with political/ideological issues might initially lose their ability to get their heads around the (synthetic) data. Where is the surprise in that - that is what having a formed view (or bias) looks like. It is hard to develop a serious bias about something as trivial as hand cream.  Of course with time one's numeracy would bounce back but at that point (rightly) sceptical participants in the study would want to check the validity of the data.  Also, affinity for one tribe or another mightn't necessarily foster bias it may simply lead you to the truth, the rationally superior outlook. In that case why would you want to foster mutual understanding between those who offer an impoverished an false accout of things (those who failed to grasp the truth) and those who offer a rich and truthful account of things. Polarisation between different tribes and truth claims doesn't always indicate a problem. One tribe may be defending the truth and a just polity from an onslaught of falsehoods from those who would wipe away that polity in a moment if they could.  And, by the way, relative to countries with more restrictions on gun availability and a tighter regulatory process for gun ownership the US does indeed have a problem. Liberty for guns mean less safety for people. There is a much greater chance of death or injury by gun mishaps and violence in the US than in most otherwise comparable countries. That is what the the data shows. You got carried away with a highly abstract question and forgot to mention the facts that would help to answer the more pressing concrete question: Would the United States benefit from a stricter gun contol regime? Are you going to answer that question or keep launching surprise attacks on people that help them to ponder their biases and you to pretend that you are making a contribution to science by avoiding controversial topics.
This is NOT exactly the same data and question. It's a fallacy.
The FBI recently revised their numbers and crime …. did increase…
05:00 - That's a bit of a straw man! I don't know many republicans that think gun ownership reduces crime, but that's not even the argument. You could have just said dems have a negative view of gun ownership, whilst republicans tend to be more positive.
There should be healthy skepticism of the accuracy of data presented to you. Studies and statistics are often misrepresented to further political issues. I would guess more intelligent people would recognize this.
But the problem is one side is never looking at the data, even when we presented to them, they would say its propaganda. How do you help that? By that I mean the red people.
excellent angle to talk about political bias, excellent video
It's easier to fool a man into thinking he is right than to genuinely convince him he is wrong
Stats are complex once you start tracking Tangible vs Intangible, Qualitative vs. Quantitative, and Opinion Vs Science-backed Theory.         A 'smart' person would largely disregard a graph/chart covering certain topics (say rashes) but missing vital data (what type of rashes, where on body, makeup of participant pool). Those are just 'propaganda charts'...they don't convey truly meaningful data, but 'look important'   Goes back to So-Crates and his thoughts about 'a wise person knows they know little, the ignorant think they know a lot'...Tragically a lot of people that work in STEM fields fall into the latter category: which I think causes logic fallacies/failings on their part...including interpreting graphics
Actually, the skin cream example also contains an idealogy since people believe that a skin cream is supposed to make a rash better by default.
I'd be the a hole who wants to see the source of the study. .
It is known for a long time that people tend to interpret sth the way that matches their beliefs.
How can doing nothing make the skin better? That is a flaw in your writing and totally misleading. In your wording you changed it to "the cream made it worse". That is sth completely different.
Did both groups (cream users and control) have the the same number of participants? It was never mentioned. Assuming they did have, then more of the control group experienced no benefit whatsoever to the tune 116.  One important result was missing: those whose rash remained the same.
7:49 So in other words, smart people are better at rationalizing their biases and wrong beliefs. Like with scams and cults.
People like the one at 8:38 are the reason your country is a third world country and people don't recognize it.
I appreciate this video.
I had an argument with someone who basically said we shouldn't do anything about covid-19 because he claims it was "man-made", I told him "It doesn't matter where or how, it's here and it's a pandemic, what are WE going to do about it?". He couldn't think past the claim that it was man made, a well programmed drone. The same with climate change, it doesn't matter how or why it's happening, just that it's happening. What are we as culture/civilization/species going to do about it, we can figure out how it happened after we fix it and punish those responsible, if it is human made, afterwards.
I got stuck on the lotion experiment thinking of all the confounding variables and missing data.
What's scary is how many people are running out to buy skin cream. On this fictitious study.
I would be interested to know if all of the participants were explicitly told up front that the gun-control data was made-up. (At 8:24 we just saw one guy told in the middle of giving his answer.) If so, there would be no rational reason to avoid just treating the numbers as numbers.
Should've considered centrists,  (those who long ago realized that we all typically want the same thing, but through variance and lens of life experience and education approach the problem from a slightly different direction.) Centrists often have no strong tribal ties to be beholden to die to their rejection from both sides owing to their lack of loyalty to a prescribed ideology. The scale should include a partisan coefficient instead of a binary and a belief strength index if you really want accuracy.
"Rash improved" is a confusing term. If the rash itself has improved, one could say it has advanced/enhanced/grown/evolved. This completely swaps around the question and therefore swaps what is the correct answer. Other terms should've been used to avoid confusion, such as "Skin improved" or "Rash reduced".
People have also lost trust in the media, research groups, governmental departments and even educational departments due to intentional manipulation of information. As such, any information that does not “jive” with the persons pre-conceived notions, or previous research is going to be looked at with suspicion. The media and advocacy groups have lost the trust of people through their dishonest dealings, and so now, people are less likely to have their assumptions challenged as the information that they are challenged by is often fake, or “massaged”. So now, even open minded people are much more cautious, and a fake study with fake numbers, that aren’t cited are not going to convince anyone. This experiment, in not taking that into account, is flawed. Still I think its results are likely correct. But the experiment should be redone.
Seems like fairly bad examples to me, as the initial statement is that these are comparable groups and thus you can conclude that in the no action group there is a significantly larger portion where the result says "no change". The response therefore depends on whether no change is supposed to be regarded as a (lesser) positive or negative.
The problem with "facts" and politics is that you simply cannot trust the data because the people summarizing or collecting the data have their own bias that informs the methodology.  Take the skin cream example; what constitutes "rash worsened"?  If there are two sides, one for skin cream, one against, then those sides may have different definitions and the people collecting data will have to decide on one which will skew the results.  With anything sufficiently complex, a simple binary choice cannot be distilled down from "data" or "facts" without bias unless there is a genuine curiosity.  High profile political issues are rarely simple and rarely the subject of intellectual curiosity.  They're either team sports or deeply held emotional beliefs.  Simply put, with everything political; most people are stupid.
Well, The gun part is easy. There are more Americans killed with guns per 100 people than europeans. Guns = more deaths. But you Americans are too deep in now that you cant reverse it. Good luck
As a non American, seeing the graphs, my general takeaway was that Republicans are dumber in general. They don't like science. We don't see the same drop off in liberal democrats' case.
I work with data every day, as do most of my colleagues.  You may find that some subsets of people will upend this theory.
government propaganda is a mind virus
SO to put it simply, politics make you dumb.
I'm annoyed that I got tricked into watching a video about politics
Conclusion is you are dumb what ever you do😂
To me the correct answer is that crime has improved in cities than still have guns, and also in cities where guns are banned. Some other third factor is causing crime to reduce, regardless of whether guns are legal.
Mark Twain made this idea famous:  "There are lies, bad lies, and worst of all there are Statistics! (paraphrased).
clickbait: "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse" smarter only? no: instead, this is a very good political-science & psychology study, NOT an intelligence study. thanks for the insights, but please CORRECT your titles.
If both groups are the same size, as is common in experiments, the top is still better. Group 1: 223 improved, 75 worsened, 2 stayed the same (Rounding and assuming it was 300 in each group) = 74.3% improved Group 2: 107 Improved, 21 Worsened, 172 saw no change. = 35.6% Improved What you are noticing isnt a tricky math question, its the very real manipulative marketing tactics that go into sponsored "research".
you sound american
Rainbolt?
Sample size of control and experimental groups being different already throws my brain for a loop
Глупость. Человек либо умеет (обучен) считать - либо нет.
3:41 I disagree that this is a better result with the cream. You are twice as likely to have a worse rash with the cream than without.  Even if you are three times as likely to improve with the cream - medical products should put more emphasis on the negative consequences. First, do no harm.
i am not racist but americans are just dumb, try it in europe, asia or africa
If we want to stay together as "western societies", we should listen to what is identified as "the other political spectrum".  That said, it is still not getting any easier for me as soon as I hear another of Trumps ministry nominations... Maybe the division isn't reversible?
Well they surveyed 1111 Americans so let's be real, that probably skews the results.
The title is terrible for how on-point this video is...
This kind of question is included in Chinese high school math textbooks. They technically know how to deal with it. Just need a little time calculating 🧠
Just remember these people aren't good or bad these people are me and you are just as susceptible as we are and that's why I critical thinking and examination of personal beliefs is so important
1- Measuring America to say "more clever people are more stupid" is a wrong idea 🧐  2- Always some tribes see their own lies better than proven facts, which is known thing and really needs to be examined.
This is pretty interesting but im glad it doesn’t apply to me since i came to my conclusions in a rational and correct way.
Social Media should be forbidden
Is ground news only for america?
would take a monkey to think that sin cream works better from your chart
So what did we learn from this? Pretty much that american "democracy" and polarization sucks and ruins any chance of debating and discussing well together.
Reminiscent of muscle memory. Once you learn how to do something well in one way, it's very hard to get yourself out of that well to do it another. Like the reverse bike handles from years ago. But you could do it.   Same thing with biases and prejudices. Default ways of thinking and assumptions because they've been reinforced so many times.  That's precisely why the big lie told enough times can become the truth and no one saw it happen.  Gustav Le Bon's book The Crowd is an excellent study of this and how patterns emerge and change with large groups of people. Analytically, it isn't dissimilar to birds flocking, fish schooling and well, herd animals herding.  No coincidence those words are mentioned a lot in religion.
The people believing a random guy with a piece of cardboard is the deliverer of the absolute truth are the actually stupid ones. They should be educated about how much money, conflicts of interests, and corruption are involved in studies. Especially medical ones.
It's easier to make a habit then to break one.
Are use the calculator and it made it better. I subtracted the number of worse from the better 0:55
I might be overthinking this but if i was presented this problem and it was the gun version, i would be looking at the actual numeric difference not the percentage. If there was 75 decrease and 223 increase that's a 148 difference. As opposed to 107 increase and 21 decrease that's a 86 difference. So whatever the 223 vs 75 example was would then be the correct answer because we aren't really talking about percentage we are talking about actual crimes. Doesn't matter if it's 1/5 vs 1/3 it's a larger difference in actual crime. So it doesn't really equate the same as skin cream. I'd rather have 148 less crimes than 86 less crimes. And the inverse for the factors reversed.
They forgot that no one who goes to political events on either side is smart
That proportional reasoning answer to the skin cream question is only correct if those numbers represented the entirety of the respective groups. If you assume that the groups were equal in size and that there were hidden "neutral" results, then it's blatantly incorrect. It just seems like it's also a lesson in how giving people vague or incomplete information can give them the wrong impression.
It doesn’t include me, completely unbiased.  Interesting.  I always thought the popularity of tribalism and identity in modern politics was driven in some part by the failure of science based policy making to produce results.  As they say, “lies, __ lies, and statistics”.  There are definitely many frailties common to mankind fueling our ongoing struggles.  Where does this come from?
I wanna like this video 100x 👏
11:15 the problem with this approach is that by not debating the subject, it automatically accepts that nothing can be done about it, therefore automatically assuming that climate change isn't human-made. it's treating a symptom instead of the disease. since this channel has a very left-lean, lets assume climate change is man-made: why make contingencies for rising sea levels, when you could stop them from rising in the first place? and how would you do this on an ultimatum issue like gun control?
So when shown gun control decreased, democrats were proportionately better because it aligned with their values.   But when shown it increases, aligning with republicans, reds were confident no matter the intelligence while blues crumbled and remained equally wrong no matter how smart.   Confidence is key.
There are smarter people, less smarter people and those who have actually learned something. Firstly I have stumbled upon not understanding the FDA requirements for the medication approval, as well as rationale behind the lower total amount of people used in "cream" versus "no cream".  In my Philosophy classes I've actually learnt something, such as my lecturer spawning a wonderful thought: - In Philosophy we normally have "something", "negation of something" and "Everything in-between".  So while observing "improved" versus "worsened", I can't but admit the mysterious absence of "haven't changed", therefore I've concluded that I have no idea how to interpret the numbers until those are resolved and as per "Rule VI" by Rene Descartes. Therefore the whole question must be redone, before we can proceed :P  But indeed, people who have learnt something, well at least me, are doing not great at all, like failing an overwhelming amount of job interviews :P Maybe I'm just not smart enough :P
Interesting look at politics, it seems to just come down to biases and tribalism.  Definitely makes me think more about the opposite opinion on different ideological opinions.  I hope a lot of people watch this and internalize this idea and become more open to other opinions and ideas that don’t align with how they feel.
I'm sorry but the heading for the table could have been "Cities where crime improved" and "... worsened".  4:45   Because i was a little confused earlier with the wording. I thought "crime improved" meant that the crime rate improved by that number, and i thought 'wait a minute, these analyses are not the same kind to use the same logic. Whereas what it actually meant was "The number of cities where crime rate improved"... I hope my message reaches you.
I'm baked and didn't got anything lol
This is a phenomenon I’ve genuinely never thought properly about. Most people would side with their political bias than choosing the best possible choice to apply to a situation
Lol when liberals realize they are racist
I believe that cause the study is only in America it becomes not reliable
once you've gone through losing your social group bc you questioned your beliefs and stop believing what they believe...you understand why people hold on even when presented with evidence to the contrary.
It baffled me how many people in the comments are talking about how the gun control and cream studies are wrong or not done well, ignoring that they are *fictional* studies made up for this experiment.  This is a simple math question. No one is asking about whether the study will change your views, or sources, or anything beyond the fact that it's a *SIMPLE MATH QUESTION.*
great video!
Out of all the classes I took in my academic career, statistics is by far the one that has benefitted me the most.
The only right answer is that no single study could possibly give the correct answer to "does gun control cause an increase or cause a decrease in crime". You can't reason by pure correlation you need to demonstrate a chain of reasoning a causual link from a to b. That is much much more complicated than a single piece of data.
China and Hong Kong and Japan are just superior over the US.
You can't deal with situations that involves people with just data, because when people it's all data. Of course data is importan, BUT i think the most important data is what influence any thing or action is creating and what are the consequences of this thing or action.
this is a very basic statistics question. random people you find on the street are not "smarter people".  anyone who had a basic statistic class in high school can answer that. Oh the participants were american, it all makes sense now.
Oh no… Not Poltitcs!!
This smells like typical behavioral psych bad science. I bet this study will be quietly retracted in a few years.
I think you missed the mark with not talking about cognitive dissonance here. The same thing that keeps people in cults keeps them locked into partisan nonsense.
So, the counterintuitive result is that higher intelligence tends to increase tribalistism?
Hive mentality only suits you when you don't know how to survive on your own. Training people to be self sufficient and self thinkers vs going with the crowd is always better than aiming at mere survival/tribal mentality. Thinking for yourself is how you always succeed in life, as every journey in essence is purely personal. Stop trying to fit in and go your own way on your journey.
It is not even possible to make a statistical relevant conclusion out of those numbers, as long as you do not know the number of participants. Imagine 1 Million people used the cream result will show that for  99,97% the cream had no impact.
Work with people on solutions. Working with the wrong people on problems is too easy, and doesn't solve anything.  Everyone agrees healthcare in America is a problem, the solutions aren't agreed on by everyone though.
What's almost as interesting is that everyone watching is sure their own biases would not affect their objective reasoning.
In Spain massive floods caused by record sea temperature in the Mediterranean have caused 200 dead. So climate change is not really a useless term. The cause of this partisan believes are that manmade climate change can be atributed by wealth and class.
Using gun control not a fair test. My reasoning is as follows Stats already prove more gun crime if you have guns in a large population. In U.K. we don’t have guns apart from sports like clay pigeon shooting etc and consequently we don’t have a real problem with gun crime. With a cream we don’t have any predefined stats in our memory banks
The only way to over come division is TALKING!!!! Same as it has been since we learned to communicate. Our ability to communicate and debate complex ideas is our species' SUPER POWER! We are nothing without our unique human ability. This cancel culture and not listening to things we don't want to hear is the most efficient way to hobble humanity. The sad part is we have to keep learning this lesson over and over.
Cognitve bias is quite well studied.
The problem isn't about how 'smart' they are, it's about how good they are at removing their belief from the question. Like a scientist trying to prove a hypothesis rather than testing a hypothesis. Numeracy intelligence isnt the same as emotional intelligence
I was thinking how many people were in each group I thought about 300. So I thought those who were not included in the chart maybe nothing changed.
This is just Confirmation Bias, right? People are often more likely to see specific facts that align with their beliefs as opposed to having an open mind and seeing the facts clearly.
Conclusion: People = STUPID
Surely this isn't a 'smartness' or indeed a 'tribalism' phenomenon, but a 'bias' phenomenon? Seemingly 'smarter' people have more deeply ingrained biases. Maybe not unexpected as one might expect a 'smarter' person to have spent (some) effort in forming their beliefs, where a 'less smart' person's beliefs may be more passively acquired? I am more likely to be convinced something contrary to my understanding is true if I invested little in to that understanding and so attach little personal value to it.  I have no particular issue with the take-home message of this video, but I can't help but feel the example used to support that message is making a rather different point. ie: Being good at something is certainly worthwhile, but take care not to let your expertise trap you. Conversely, recognise your limits and accept advice.
Hello My Brother And My Siblings I came here to comment super ultra mega blaster quick to ask you to give your life to the Lord to the Lord God to the Lord Jesus Christ so please Jesus is the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end , repent and you will be saved trust and believe and you will be happy giving your life to him And remember that Jesus is the truth and the path whoever believes in him does not mean that they are saved, evil also believes... See you laterJesus is the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end, suddenly and you're be saved trust and believe and you will be happy giving your life to he PLEASE HAIL JESUS FOLLOW JESUS BECAUSE HE IS THE OUR LORD AND SAVIOR ALPHA AND OMEGA GOD IS AMAZING 'SAVE JESUS' THANKS AND ACCEPT THE LORD PLEASE BECAUSE HE SAVED HIM FROM EVERYTHING DEDICATE YOUR LIFE TO THE LORD I SAY EVERYTHING BECAUSE THANKS TO THE LORD OUR SINS ARE FORGIVEN SORRY FOR TAKING A LITTLE LITTLE OF YOUR TIME BUT PLEASE FOLLOW THE LORD PLEASE REPENT OF YOUR SINS TAKE A LITTLE TIME TO THINK ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU THINK, DO AND FEEL PLEASE PLEASERRRR So pleaserrrr surrender to the Lord
Jesus is the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end, repent and you will be saved trust and believe and you will be happy giving your life to him And remember that Jesus is the truth and the way Whoever believes in him doesn't mean they are saved, evil also believes... See you laterPLEASE HAIL JESUS FOLLOW JESUS BECAUSE HE IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR ALPHA AND OMEGA GOD IS AMAZING 'SAVE JESUS' THANKS AND ACCEPT THE LORD PLEASE BECAUSE HE SAVED YOU FROM EVERYTHING DEDEDICATE YOUR LIFE TO THE LORD I SAY EVERYTHING BECAUSE THANKS TO THE LORD OUR SINS ARE FORGIVEN SORRY FOR TAKING A LITTLE OF YOUR TIME BUT PLEASE FOLLOW THE LORD PLEASE REPENT OF YOUR SINS TAKE A LITTLE TIME TO THINK ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU THINK, DO AND FEEL PLEASE PLEASE
I feel like “getting the question wrong” seems a bit misleading because the people with high numeracy are still getting it “right” in the sense that they know what the quantitative conclusion from the evidence is but they are more likely to question sources etc. Questioning sources of data is not a bad thing if you are able to be rational about the outcome of this investigation of the data sources/collection mechanisms etc. I’d be more interested to know how this shakes out when people are shown more information (sponsors of the “studies,” reasonable or unreasonable data collection mechanisms etc) to see if they can sort out the correct answer under those circumstances. Obviously that’s a more challenging study to conduct but I don’t think the conclusion here is that people with high quantitative reasoning skills do worse, to some extent they are simply addressing the fact that in real life you do need to consider more information (like what are the researchers coding as gun violence vs not). These questions are inherently more nuanced than asking about a creams effectiveness since there’s an entire control group and with enough sample size you can simply rule out minor variations like if one participants switched laundry detergent during the experiment and that impacted the result
I am honestly not surprised
I studied mathemathics and my theses was in the "field of statistics". For me it would be very important how you asked your question. You should always have the option that you can't see statstical relevant impact. To be honest I like the way the guy at 6:45 questions how the study was performed. Without controlling other effects, such a study would be worthless.
+
74.83% of the cream users got better where as 83.59% of the placebo users got better, so it's from this we deduce the cream makes the rash worse
Our universities need more balance.  They clearly are not today.
To be fair, all those charts showed a much higher delusion level for liberal democrats as they go up the numeracy scale.
Your own fallacious bias is showing. cum hoc ergo propter hoc. In hyper politicized topics, the news has outright lied and propagandized false information for decades. So skepticism when their predisposed position is challenged is highly rational, not because of socialized in group thinking, but because they have learned they cannot trust what they're being told.
VERITASIUM IS THE GOAT OF YOUTUBE I LOVE YOU!
TRUMP 2024! HE WON!
the smartest the person is the more skillful is in bending reality to fit into the pseudo reality
Isn’t this the whole idea of the straw man argument? Where you create a fake situation to prove bias? Which is essentially exactly what you did with the guns.
Is that Benedict Cumberbatch in the thumbnail 😂??
Is the inverse relationship between numeracy and ability to get the correct answer from the data on hot button political issues, the simple result of regression to the mean?   There are a lot more people getting the question correct in high numeracy camp. It makes sense that they would see a bigger departure from clear thinking when presented with some sort of wrench being thrown into the system.   This is a very interesting phenomenon. I am going to have to think about it some more.
How were you able to test the intelligence of each participant? Maybe the dumb people are the ones deciding who is more intelligent than others. If smart people are getting an answer wrong the most rational reason would be they ain’t dat smaaat. 😂
Liberals are blind to per capita crime statistics
A political Veritasium video, oh boy...
These "smart" people don't seem smart at all, my goodness.
This is the reason behind the "trope" of the intelligent loners.  Because if you prefer being right over fitting in, you won't have many friends.  But you'll be able to trust those 5 people more than the person with 100 friends can trust anyone.   Oh but not to forget, this is stupid clickbait... Why? You could have used an honest name and...  Wait, right... You care mainly about monetisation, not spreading informations.  Sorry, I nearly based my answer on perceived rational, instead of looking at the facts.
So if I get this right am I smarterer or dumber
If changing skin care to gun control doesn't affect my reasoning at all am I autistic or something? Or is everyone else just really stupid? The question is supposed to be a maths question, I'm struggling to see why anyone is even looking at the words.
I got it right... hurray? I always try to ask myself what the numbers actually mean,  a lot of the time people give out one comparative number alone, making it useless unless you have the full context. For instance if a politics says that poverty is at x percentage, the tone probably tells you if they want you to think it's good or bad, but without comparing it to a goal or against something then it's just a random number and I won't even know if is a realistic issue or not.
Essentially Confirmation Bias.
In the gun control example what are the numbers? Like for the skim scream example it was the number of patients whose condition improved/didnt improve. What are the numbers in the other example? Percentage? No. Of crimes? I mean that changes the whole way i look at it. Also what do you mean by "crime improved"? The number of crimes improved (more crime) or the crime situation improved(less crime)?
You've just found out what "Dumbing down" means and that it's a real thing, not just a term that conspiracy theorists use.
You got community noted on Twitter/X for this video, saying the original experiment did not replicate the study.
I think thats just overanalysing data
The most reliable way to get the right answer seems to be to see what the dumbest conservatives think, and do the opposite. They're not even strongly influenced by politics, they're just consistently wrong about everything.
I still dont get this fr
Am i the only one who doesn't understand it  Like idk how he got it right or understand why the reverse one where the rash improved 75 n worsened 223  Like hows that possiblle n the gun control idk what my guy had such conclusion
Finally something I’ll be good at
In the first experiment with the cream, the test subjects had to think one step ahead to find the right answer. In theory, this is also the case with the guns, but now the political topic takes precedence. For many, the first step is to abstract from their own previous political experience. In this case, it takes two steps to think ahead to find the right answer. Of course, in the second experiment, it is also less likely that the people with high numerical skills will be right, simply because they were right more often before than the people with low numerical skills. The people with low numerical skills cannot be more wrong than before. They will simply continue to be wrong. To think more than one step ahead requires a very high level of analytical skill. Seeing through something and then applying critical glasses to your own success is extremely complex.
As a Market Researcher who deals with this kind of data hundreds times a day, it is very hard to watch news with this type of statistical data in it. I'm always shouting like "PLAIN NUMBERS MEAN NOTHING, GIVE US PROPORTIONS!" or "THIS IS ONLY TRUE FOR VERY SPECIFIC GROUP UNDER SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU CAN'T GENERALIZE IT!".
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO!
Julius Caesar: “Men willingly believe what they wish.” Seneca: “People believe that which they wish to be true.” Francis Bacon: “Man prefers to believe what he prefers to be true.” George Orwell: “People can only see what they are prepared to see.”
9:05 The one lady said if it's on paper and that's the way it is, I would have to go with that. Sounds like the people that will search the internet to find some "reputable" source to fit their political ideology.
I think this question is very ambiguous and is not a well made question. It depends on how someone might think of the question, rather than the question having a concrete answer. Stupid video.
The main problem here is the American use of the word smart. Smart means, clean, tidy or well dressed.  What Americans are doing is using 'smart' as a metric of intelligence, but intelligence cannot be measured.  It comes in many, many forms. An IQ test won't tell you someone's emotional intelligence, or their musical or creative intelligence, or their intelligence in communicating with animals, or other humans. Being clean, tidy, or well dressed has no bearing on this whatsoever.  Stop saying smart and most of America's problems will disappear overnight.
I'd be really curious to see this study done with autistic/aspergers people, because my general experience has been that we're less prone to knee-jerk tribalism. I've never had a problem disagreeing with my conservative family on nearly everything, but I also don't have a problem looking at some of the stuff the left is doing and being like "well that's dumb, why are you doing that?" (Gun control specifically being something I think both sides are being stupid about) But I'm also far more likely to dismiss out of hand anything a far right winger tells me, so I'm not claiming to be immune either lol
It's a pity you can't remove the bias introduced by tribal politics on both sides of politics. I would like to see the results if you could negate the intentional divide-and-conquer strategy played by the media.
Thank you for keeping this video generally unbiased
al gore was given a nobel prize for saying 'all the ice would be gone by 2007' and yet you still believe he's right, you are in denial
Sorry, Veritasium. Your stuff is usually excellent, but I think this one heavily misses the mark.   I don't doubt the validity of the hypothesis that political biases can override a person's mathematical rationality, but, as presented, there are just way too many questionable methodology issues here.   The second question is worded in a very confusing way. As multiple people have pointed out "crime improved" is a very weird phrasing for statistical research.   On top of that, the axes are poorly labeled. Unlike the rash example, there is nothing really explaining what we are quantifying.  But really. I think the big one is you had an active camera crew filming these people. If someone points a live camera in my face and says "These numbers are purely hypothetical, but based on them what conclusion would you come to?", I'm gonna be VERY suspicious of their motives and if they're gonna edit this.   This experiment would have to be presented in a much more clinical setting to reduce the major impact that those factors would have on your data. And maybe the original study did EXACTLY that, but the way things are presented here is very flawed and sensationalistic.
Another takeaway is that, based on the non-political math questions, we can see that regardless of partisanship, the more intelligent people were the more likely they were to get the objectively right answer.  Unfortunately, for the politically loaded questions, we can't draw this conclusion, because that would require we agree on what the "right" answer is.  We also see a relative convergence of answers among the "less intelligent" of both sides... maybe there's some common sense wisdom being demonstrated here, and these folks are in fact finding a happier medium based more on broad intuitions?  Less extreme answers in both directions.  But what it DOES prove, is that getting a politically charged answer wrong does NOT closely correlate with intelligence, unlike the pure math questions.  So whether you're right, or left, if someone disagrees with you, it is not a rational conclusion to assume it's because they're less intelligent than you, because as the graphs showed, you might be a numeracy level 1 and choose answer A, while the other person could be a numeracy level 9 and choose answer B, and either one of you could be right.  The numeracy score doesn't show who's more likely to be right in and of itself, but instead the examples together show that when things are understood as political, intelligence alone is not the determining factor; it's clearly much more complicated.  High IQ people can hold many false beliefs, and low IQ people can hold many true ones - and we might be tempted to mock that they didn't "earn" their right positions, but it's better to be accidentally right, than intentionally (through applied intelligence) wrong.  I don't believe it all boils down to this, but based on this little study, it suggests that whether you're right or not depends mostly on your social (/political) group and identification... if your "side" just so happens to be correct, then you are more likely to be correct, regardless of intelligence.  And let's remember that arguments to authority are flawed, and broad consensus is not a hard proof of anything.  For the benefit of science, I think it would be useful, on any given controversial topic, for one group to gather the objective data, and then completely change or remove the labelling and framing of that data, so some other group who does not know what it's about, can analyze the data without having ANY idea what the data is actually about... they only see the raw numbers.  Now THAT would be a great study... let's see what the smart people conclude when analyzing data they have no context for!
The two questions are not equitable, and the result are extremely predictable.  If one has no beliefs, one can easily just choose the correct response according to the numbers.  However, the stronger the bias a person has for a particular result, the more likely it is that they will challenge the SOURCE of the numbers if they cannot refute the actual numbers in order to confirm their own bias.  This is a problem that is almost impossible to overcome.
That's not conclusive because the guys who didn't have the cream know they didn't have the cream so it's not a blind study ?
Turns out I'm not a smarter person 😂
Дорогой Дерек, а у вас что коммунистов нет, или вы про них ничего не знаете ? Ваши партии совершенно ничем не отличаются, ведь они выступают за капитализм . История это наука , если вы хотите допускать меньше ошибок, тогда изучайте историю и вы поймете, что у человечества есть только один верный выход и это коммунизм .
I really appreciate the effort that it took to collect this data and I admire the agency to run your own study! That is so awesome.  However, I don’t think this is the right test to demonstrate people’s ability to interpret the data. They are not incentivized to give a correct answer. In a typical test, a good grade usually offers some kind of reward, but in this test there seems to be no reward, rather just a risk of being filmed saying something stupid. I think if these people answered these questions in private with a $2 prize for getting it right, they would give different answers.
😮
Should be titled "politics is the mind killer." The smarter people are not doing worse. They're just NOT doing better like they should be.
no not me, i have always believed that israel was right in its war and agressiveness against  palestinian "terrorists" during my team it was still the PLO, growing up seeing movies about the holocaust, entebbe raid, the munich massacre, etc etc. then i learned about the balfour declaration, the unilateral UNGA partition resolution, the nakba, the realities of israeli occupation of palestinian lands. now i hate the israeli especially zionist government of israel. i changed my mind when faced with facts.
0:06 I don't understand where the smart people getting it wrong was, they seemed to be the most likely to get it right based on the graphs still..
I've been wrong after researching before. It begins by me trying to find the source. If it seems legit I look for other sources that agree with my established opinion. If they don't look good I look for other sources that disagree with my opinion. And if if they're good I abandon the opinion, if not I no longer trust the opinion and stay open to new evidence as it comes.  You can't just tell me it's wrong and show me data on the spot. I need to go home and rethink my life. Everyone is carrying contrary evidence with them (of questionable quality of course). So it's obviously going to be easier to present a new topic.
In a world of hyper-partisan media, science, etc., an experiment like this doesn't prove anything other than underline the lack of trust between members of society once trusted institutions abandon neutrality.
Sorry to confuse the high numeracy people, but the answer to the question isn't correct.  And even worse the only reason the so-called smart people fell prey to confirmation bias was because they can't help themselves, but to make a decisions based on numbers/stats.  Consider the fact that there are clear answers to the questions if you don't care about statistics.  When you understand that you will understand why the findings are false.  Ask common sense questions and you will get exactly the opposite findings.  We all want to believe in the truth, but we don't make decisions based on the same factors.  Don't make a decision at all unless you have a lot of information...more than just stats, and then you can't go wrong no matter what numeracy you are.
It's called Denial lol
A bit sad cause I wanted to test that idea on myself but when you presented the thing about gun control I already knew where it was headed so I couldn't know what I would have genuinely said : /
Hey did Derek dye his hair? Yes he did! C'mon dude @veritasium accept time is your god!
Oh people have subjective opinions and they apply it technically on everything they see? Ohhhh no way.. bro thats just how humans work. Of course I'm affected with that as well.
Trumps voters are morons. Trump is a moron. Halve of my country are morons. Idiocracy in full effect.
woman at 10:15 is onto something.
well, i guess i got the question wrong, but i'm sticking with my reasoning. i feel like we're missing information. mainly, how many people had no change in symptoms during the trial. or how many people were in each group. if, for example, both groups were 300 people each, then that's almost 75% of people improving, and 25% of people worsening. meanwhile in the control group, just over a third improved and 7% worsened. that's more than 40% who have had no change. sure, it's an increased chance of having a worse outcome with the cream, but also a higher chance of improving. as someone who has been going through trial and error treating a skin problem, i've tried multiple things that have a decent chance of making things worse, but better chance of improving than doing nothing.
I think I am stupid because I didn’t understand.
No lectures.... And that's a good thing ❤
How are we determining numeracy?
my immediate reaction to the cream example was that you dont know if rashes just improve by themselves or by some other factor
I don't consider it a good idea to disguise the climate crisis by using other words. I'd rather see people recognize the facts. It's not a question of belief, since it's no religion. Science is about knowing and understanding.  Yes, sometimes the models were imprecise or even wrong, but science is always on its way to make knowledge grow. And when 99 per cent of scientist of a certain field come to the conclusion that something is a fact, it should be accepted and acted upon accordingly by politics.  Unfortunately, this isn't the case.
9:17 I'll never be able to unsee that jacket. Someone write him a flag code ticket.
6:01 "Crime Improved" is very confusing language
The studies are NOT comparable:  a topical skin cream either will or won't have a local impact primarily based on its own inherent properties, secondarily on the properties of the skin to which it is applied, and only slightly based on farther-out causes.  A city's crime rates depend on a LOT of other factors besides gun laws alone (what about prosecution rates, or incarceration rates) even within that city, and also lots on factors outside of the city itself (what about immigration over that same period).  You cannot "control" for these factors even modestly well, as it is too hard to even measure reliably many of the factors.  The study is flawed.  (By the way, one of the things that tends to make an issue "political" is, precisely, how non-amenable it is to simple, one-factor solutions.  You should not expect to be able to model political problems like you can skin care problems.)
Is this a re-upload? I could swear I've seen this video before
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the conclusion 'that the cream, on average, made rashes worse' is an incorrect statement. For 75% of people who used the cream, the rash improved. For the other 25% who used the cream, it got worse. Clearly, the cream, on average, in fact in three quarter of cases, improves the rash.  What they should have said in order to be correct is that using the cream is less likely to improve the rash than not using the cream. The better outcome is more likely to come from not using the cream - that is a true statement. But to say that using the cream, on average, makes the rash worse, is totally incorrect. The rash will improve whether you use the cream or not, it's just more likely to improve if you don't use it.   I think the smarter people are not those who made this video. As I said, please correct me if I'm wrong.
In short: The more you rely on your social environment, they dumber you are?
Smart people know to count mathematically the answer of a question, rather to assume it based on politics. It can be a bias, if you assume mathematical answer is wrong, just because of an assumption you make..  However, smart people can also know that politics can work with math. Smart people can be skeptical about the mathematical statistics given to them about a political issue.  I mean, if its true that guns raise violence, and if there's a statistic that says banning guns raises violence, it can contradict the logical belief that banning guns creates peace, where as allowing guns raises violence, which makes the mathematical answer suspicious itself.  Therefore, you must use multiple studies from credible sources to know the truthfulness of it. Or make tons of scientific research upon it yourself by observing and thinking critically. Critical thinking itself is maths, but without numbers, so it's good to take account many necessary things that can affect the outcome of something.   The title of this video is thus, misleading and not necessarily fully right, although it DOES have some truth to it. But also, it works with a bias, so not really. You shouldnt BIAS logic. You should learn to prove false information with logic, and also to prove your knowledge true with logic, and critical thinking is the most important factor in all of this.
5:55 the sign says "crime improved" instead of "crime increased"... rather confusing
US is polarized by having two parties, so people are more radical and therefore less logical
So this study is why we have bellcurve memes with opinions held by <90 IQ and >140 IQ have the smart take and everyone in the middle the wrong one.
That study doesn't even replicate, this video shouldn't exist.
I think the interpretation of this is pretty backwards. The woman that said the numbers shown to her didn't mean much is actually making a good point. You should listen to the numbers, but it's important to know how they were gathered and what they represent. People know political issues can lead to bias in a study. Less educated people might be more inclined to not question the source of information.
I talk to people on both sides of the spectrum and come to the same conclusion: when you strip away the "raw raw team" tribalism mentality, you get a lot of overlap between people's wants/needs and opinions. It's all about how the information is framed and how their biases filter it.
no offense, but people of US are not a good sample for such studies.
THIS IS LITERALLY THE OFFICE SCENE WHERE KEVIN CAN DO MATH IN PIES BUT NOT SALADS!!!!!
pretty much sums it up....
The data presented in the skin cream example was totally insufficient to answer the question asked.  Likewise, the information on the political issues was insufficient to draw any sort of conclusions from.  The difference is people have much more knowledge about political issues they care about, than skin creams they do not. They are far better equipped to question results, or interpret data based on prior knowledge and experience. It will take substantially more information over a period of time to convince them of something.  These same people accepted numbers at face value about things they didn't know or care about. That's why people have ideologies about politics, but not about skin creams.  In essence the high numeracy people did exactly what you would expect them to do, question and interpret data when they care enough about it. The low numeracy people took it all at face value and drew conclusions from it.  Ideology is built on inputs. Simply adding a new and contradictory input will be insufficient to change the ideology.
Truly fascinating
Knowing math = smarter? Very interesting idea. Very dumb.
@3:00 This lady gave me flash backs of trying to talk to my mother in law about literally any topic on the face of the Earth that has any abstract element, even a tiny one. Impossible.
unsubbed. too neutral. not sure if enemy or friend.
Want proof that even open-minded scientific people don't use data and aren't rational in all their decisions? Look at our response (previous and current) to COVID. It's a non-partisan issue -- EVERYONE wants to live in 2019, so we do, regardless of what the data says. (Just to be safe, we don't seek out data and ostracize anyone who brings it up. Because we're open-minded, right?)
"The other side sounds just like me" is a hell of a realization.  Trump might have been a bit more extreme in his phrasing in 2024, but before that, I felt like each side was making the same set of promises.  Even when a Republican told you what the Democrat was planning to do, or the Democrat told you about Republican plans, you could rely on that to be pretty accurate. The only debate among us popular voters, then, is, which side is "good", "right", and/or "beneficial to the United States of America as a nation"?  It is so strange how we cannot even consider these promises to be a bit of "common ground" on which we agree, so we can work from there.
For the first question, my brain just went "How many people are in each group?"
How did Veritasium find people who ranked between 0 and 10 on Numeracy scores? And what does that mean? Is 0 someone who can’t even add or subtract, and 10 is someone with a PhD in statistics? And they found enough people in this video to make the results statistically significant?  Or did they NOT classify the people they interviewed at all?
Does this mean that democracy is flawed, and science and mathematics should be the guiding factors rather than people's opinions?
Proof politics causes brainrot.  And that people are terrible at participating in hypotheticals.
Politics makes us dumb.
Posing the gun control statistics at a political event carries a certain expectation to be about politics rather than the math in it, unlike the skin cream question that didn't have anything to directly distract the actual issue posed.
This is a great example of why science is extremely limited. This is one of the worst studies I have ever seen in my life. The results don’t tell us what they are saying. In fact, the results tell us next to nothing. There is always going to be reasoning outside some specific data set to explain the data set. So, to just expect someone to adjust their belief based on a single data set (a fake data set at that) is absurd. It just goes to show these people obsessed with numbers have no idea what they are talking about and are themselves midwits.  So really, what these results show is that smart people have actual reasons for their belief, and don’t let a single data point sway them because they are skeptical of that data point because, given no context for the data, it could end up being incorrect. So, the study is completely absurd proves what is obvious.
Interesting video since gun control leads to more crime. If more guns = more crime, then places like New Hampshire and Texas would have more crime and murders than places like Detroit, Chicago, or New York City.  So presenting fake data is confusing not because the people are good/bad at math, but because they likely have already heard or read that gun control = less crime, even though that isn't true.   Glad this came out after the election, it shows that all the "know everything leftists" are bad at understanding reality. It's too bad they won't be able to understand how wrong they are.
Derek's beard be looking like ferrofluid
Big leap there to bias = tribalism
What was the correct answer on gun control?
it's almost as if people's environment operated like a cult that validates and promotes certain ideas 🙃🙃
This is incredibly insightful, thank you!
Blue sheeple, red sheeple...still sheeple.
I got confused as I thought the two groups were the same size. Meaning that we were missing data on how many were "unchanged".
So: Be curious then. I will try. Thanks for the reminder that I can fall for propaganda.
im more interested in why theres a gap in political parties on beliefs and confirming data. do with observation what you will I don't remember what he said the sample size even was haha.
not me getting the answer straight away. Oh no.
Quite stupid research, it is because the  question about gun is not only matematical, and people use additional knowledge they know about the question
But I just hate Trump though. Not Republicans, just that narcissistic ego maniacal trouble-making hate-mongering xenophobic paranoia-inducing racist lying pussy-grabbing snake-oil-selling orangutan. That's it.
So the rash test proved I am stupid because I didn't pick 223
You look like Elon Musk if he wasn't bullied as a kid
That is fascinating.
So I thought about it a little and got the answer right. Being dumber than average paid off finally
Are there any such studies among communists, nationalists/racists (white/black or other), or religious fundamentalists (no matter what religion)?  The level of critical thinking among various groups and political movements is very interesting. That is, I personally wonder if there is a similar correlation among other groups and which of them is more scientifically objective in their judgments?   Maybe someone will read this comment and do a similar study, expanding it to large groups of people?
The people taking the test were not 'smart'.
Since climate science came up a few times, I'd recommend the book "Unsettled" by Koonin for the scientifically curious.
Maybe my engineering background helps, because it seems to be more a matter of training than just innate numeracy. You give me a data set and ask what conclusions could be drawn from it, I could tell you as much without issue. Whether the data is reliable and whether the conclusions warrant a particular action are entirely separate questions to what the data says as it stands.   For instance, it should be possible to look at a study as a person against policy A and identify a likely causal correlation with favorable variable Y, but reject policy A believing it to be unconstitutional, a distinct reason that could be weighed against the cited practical benefits.
explains certain election results. Believe what you believe anyway and ignore the rest.
I agree with your main point but the problem is that with politics there is also a massive amount of lies and propaganda involved. It's not all just political ideology or tribal nature driving our decisions or the outcome of our answers, it's also a minority of powerful people who intentionally mislead others into voting the way they want them to. People might think they know the data because they've seen the numbers or because a prominent person told them so but in reality they're being tricked. I think this has a lot more to do with the division these days than your study does.
So, translating the question in something i would be biased to answer :  I would say that my choice is not dependent on data but more about the society you want to live in. If people are in fear that they wouldn't be able to protect themselves in case of an attack, then they should carry a gun Meanwhile, if people are in fear others might be carrying and attack them, then no one should be carrying. Saying this made me realize how dumb democratic's take sounds to republicans. " Sure, limit your ability to carry so being an outlaw faces only helpless people". Actually i believe republicans expect their security to rely on themselves while democrats would prefer it rely on the police. Better consider the likelihood of an attack and the fact people might not need long range weapon and should favor pepper spray bottles. Bottom fact is: it doesn't matter what evidence you show people, if they don't want to change their stance about what they would like to live in, they'll find new arguments. What i do not understand is, why people would refuse to even look at these numbers and answer. Just be blunt about your idea. Best way to feel better.
I live in the UK so I have a very different perspective on gun controls to Americans because there is overwhelming evidence in the UK that strict gun controls reduces crimes. We have a far lower murder rate than of 0.99 per 100,000 people in the UK compared to 6.6 per 100,000 people in the USA and we don't live in as much fear of our fellow citizens as they do in the USA which is why so many want to own a gun. And by the way, knife murders per hundred thousand population is also lower in the UK than it is in the USA.
I think this is the biggest issue now a days. Everyone thinks they aren't biased. Which is the danger, everyone is biased and for 90% of our biases we cannot see these biases ourselves.
There is a fundamental flaw in comparing these cases: for the fictitious cream study, the participants had NO access to any other data about the topic. But with gun control, most likely educated people have seen LOTS of information about gun control. And drawing an equivalence is bad science on the side of the "smart" people running the study.
I'm too smart to understand this video
Bad video honestly. First the table, if one runs a chi squared test on it, p its not even below .05, so theres from the beginning little ground to even make a conclusion about it. Sure, people with "higher numeracy" got ir "right", however, how can it be "right" if the results are not even significant. Anyway, then, where is a control variable? Who is to say that it's politics who affect people? If you would have tried this experiment with something related to a football team, or idk, even which country is reported to have a better cuisine? Anything that has inherent biases is, presumably, going to show the same results. This "demonizing" of politics is just clickbaity.
If I got that skin cream question, I would say: The sample size is too small to make a conclusion, it's within margin of error. 😂 If I must make a choice, then no cream is better.
Something seems very wrong (or at least weird) about the data as presented at 6:27. For Republicans shown the table where Gun control increased crime -- the one that should confirm their (presumed) prior belief -- very low numeracy individuals got the correct answer well below 50% of the time, with the line starting all the way down around 25%. This means they were doing far WORSE than random guessing, even though simply ignoring the data and guessing according to their prior beliefs would have gotten the CORRECT answer. Furthermore, if you compare this graph to the one at 4:25, these people are doing far worse than than the very low numeracy individuals in the 'Cream made rash better' case, and about the same as in the 'Cream made rash worse' case, again, despite the fact that you'd think they'd have stronger prior beliefs about gun control than about skin cream, and those prior beliefs should HELP them in this case. So what's going on?
0:00 "Let's scape American politics for a bit, here's one of those Veritasium video talking about glitches in our brain programming". 0:13 "Wait, why American?" 4:18 "Oh no..."
If the first column in Q1 was the total number of People and the Gun control Q had last years crime rates per capita - I wouldn't waste time trying to think of why the two sets were so different.  I'd go straight to proportional.
What i'm wondering: Would the results be different in countries where there aren't just two very polarized sides to chose from.
Trump still won 😂
ORRR people know you can find a study to support anything. Studies don't mean much to me. Anything remotely interesting is complex & it's incredibly easy to produce a desired result while time consuming and tedious to tease out how that result was "fraudulently" produced.  *Ex: Immigration suppresses wages, disproportionately hurting low skilled workers*  Now Im sure that could be a 10,000 page economics paper that spanned decades but I can give you the answer: 1) Increased supply decreases price. Supply and demand 2) Monopolies increase price through being the sole supply source. Unions are a form of labor monopoly.  3) Wages (and prices in general) are sticky. Dynamically resize supply in real time to match demand prevents temporary price increases that would stick 4) Any systemic issue in a democratic system reflects a situation maintained with bipartisan consensus 5) Labor costs are the single largest business cost by a country mile & businesses exist solely to maximize profits  So you can produce infinite studies and numbers showing immigration raises wages & Ill ignore them because they are incorrect. First principles, incentives, and basic game theory tell me the answer. The neoliberal era was defined by "facts" setting policy. Turns out "facts" have to be contextualized by the question asked. Producing the facts base on questions then using those facts to answer different questions doesn't work given the answers to the secondary questions are actually just answers to how effective the primary questions are answered by the secondary questions.
How is it that the numbers of results from the skin cream tests were not the same for each group? Surely the skin cream group and the control group were an equal size as the diagram showed?  And yet we had 298 results from the skin cream group and only 128 from the control group. We need to know the numbers whose rashes stayed the same to find out the true answer to this question.  However based on these incomplete results, a smaller proportion showed an improvement (223  out of 298) with the skin cream and a bigger proportion (107 out of 128) showed an improvement without the skin cream.
Yeah, so if I'm asked, I'm not going to base myself on ine specific study unless it's the first one in its genre. I'd need several.  Also it's clearly a fake study, with no sources, no references, no protocole.  Id it goes against every study I've heard of I'm going to be sceptical
There was a time, long ago before Fox news told their audience that half of the country were traitors that wanted to destroy America, where the sides were not that far apart. The rage against the machine song "sleep now in the fire" even highlights that. Along with an episode of futurama (I forget which episode). But for the longest time, it was largely seen as policy differences, yes, but each side was earnestly working for the betterment of America. Compromise wasn't a dirty word, it was just seen as what you had to do in order to govern effectively.
It’s kinda interesting when ever I used to work on word problems with data one of the main steps was removing the words and just focusing on the numbers
very valid points, 9:13-9:26 some one clip and quote this. I'm too lazy😅.
Derek, this is the problem with current academia. They are all R3tard3d. The lack of critical thinking skills is amazing. You falling for this (not bright) interpretation of the data is profoundly concerning. This is what really happened here:  1.- People are either able or willing to calculate the proportions (in which case, the data there would be meaningful) or they don't (data=meaningless). 2.- If it is meaningful, they can use that to derive conclusions. If not, They will use other background information to achieve a conclusion. 3.- This doesn't say anything about "numeracy" or how people think. This is which dataset you used to achieve conclusion. 4.- The study introduces a variable which some might see it and some won't. 5.- Those who didn't will use assumptions, and those who did si the variables will use that to achieve meaningful conclusions.  The way you present a problem and how you skew people to process it will lead to fallacious conclusions.  What happened is 1 group based their conclusions on a different dataset and information available (based on their beliefs) and others used the data.  A way to prove this study wrong, is to present people with the actual percentage and then see how they interpret the results. (remove the step where people might unveil the actual variable value or not). The results will change dramatically.  It is a fact of the matter that people right now, including the "wizards" of Macadamia, lack understanding. Even the most famous PhD, Youtubers are not able to think properly. This is a testament of it.  By the way. If you want to make make it up for me, we can work together to tackle and solve the greatest question of all. W4tch my Ch4nn3l Tr41l3r. I need U.  Thanks for the video.
Well its also about presentation, if the rows were normalized or had equal sample size then the truth would really pop out
If people can't understand this then how they're smart? conclusion is simple you're asking this to stupid people. people with higher degree and marks doesn't mean they're smart.
Hey its Tucson!!!
Why is the 2024 US election results info thingy on this video?
Has this been tested where the political divides are not binary?
i haven't watched the video but i think i'm gonna do really really well.
You can't avoid loaded terms because they're peddled 24/7 by media and "social" platforms. Division is good at getting clicks and hate watches. Negativity makes money... until it doesn't a la an explosive conclusion from that pent up rage.
Did you notice the conservative were generally mistaken?
Average Ppl are kinda dum in usa
Come on, this title has to be a clickbait. I instantly understood the concept and answered it correctly. I can't be dumber than who got it wrong.... Right? RIGHT?!
I did all that math in seconds and got it so far
Love this study - people who are highly politicized are, by definition, biased and thus less able to see reality as it is, and instead through a dumb distorted lens!
A big difference between rash cream and gun control is that you have a right to bear arms under the constitution, so that may have rightfully swayed the thinking of some of the people you tested this on.
"Human Action Design" is fascinating
Diogenes challenged Plato. Yet he didn't seek validation from anyone. He lived in a barrel and owned nothing. He was once sold as a slave and when asked what his profession was, Diogenes replied , "Ruler of men."
Hight IQ people tend to yap away their reason.
This kind of adds to the observation I have that too many humans will believe what they want to believe, either as an individual, or as  group.  Some reasons as pointed out here, to be accepted as a member of a community (be it religious, political or identity   etc) or by those considered as a higher authority they wish to please so as to accepted, recognised and rewarded.  However it is even more probable and simple in developing a belief system and go into denial so as to justify ones own biases, prejudices and self interest by rejecting everything and anything that contradicts that belief or reasoning.
I hate that skin cream question. Was the total number of people in cream group different from the no cream group? Or were the totals the same and there was an obscured "no change" effect that some people had?
So youre saying the anti-intellectuals are at least somewhat justified. As an anti-anti-intellectual, I take that personally
glad i solved the skin cream thing :D   ps the question asked: "did the skin cream improve or worsened rash" it did not specify placebo or not so uh......
If there's one thing I've noticed from this video; neither republicans or democrats are the "smarter" party despite the democrats running a large portion of their propaganda on the false notion that "democrat supporters are smarter than republican supporters."  As a non-American I saw that a lot in 2016, 2020 and again recently in 2024. It was also parroted by democrat supporters who actually _believed_ they were the smarter political party. This all proves how easily swayed some people are, especially when you target their ego, to vote for a particular candidate.
How did they find out the numeracy score?
no but for real  democrats, how do you lower the crime rate by raking away legal guns when the only cause of crime are illegal guns owned by people who would not be allowed to own a gun either way? My country is considering allowing guns since rn only criminals own those
There might be a reasonable explanation for this. I am not saying this is it but perhaps 1. They are firm in their belief (right or wrong). He said its the case for political statements because there is context, so they are not simply drawing conclusions based on the data  presented.  2. Small numbers could be wrong either way so they don't (completely) rely on the data presented. If it was comprehensive or at least statistically representative then it would be a reasonable test.
I was thinking of what the total sample was... like is there a group for where the results were the same as before.
Doing a switcheroo on the topic of skin cream and gun control is a little bit of a gotcha (because theres way more variables at play with gun ownership in an area versus a medical study), but you're right on this topic. People will only see what they believe
I got it wrong 😎
I don’t know if it is because I was told it is not an easy answer, but I figured it would make the rash worse right away because the proportion of people that got worse is almost double the proportion of people that got better.  It may be because we were prompted that it is a trick question tho.
There are actions taking place in politics that reward and foster the separative paradigm we all are experiencing as neighbors. This is all in design.
Anybody who listened to This American Life's episode last week sees the similarities between the suggestions at the end and the Tangle newsletter.
Also, I would’ve gotten the question wrong, for sure.
Oh, and I should admit that I have dehumanized others before. I mean, I haven’t done it often, but there was one time recently where I definitely did.  In fact, I think I’ve been doing it a lot more, lately, because I’m in a new and unfamiliar place and my confidence in myself and my skills has vanished and I feel like I’m all alone, which in turn makes it a lot easier for me to feel resentful of others and upset at them.
As a non-native English speaker, I think the wordings change a lots.  For bruise getting worse or better is really obvious.  But when you look at 5:58 to the chart with the "Crime Improved" and "Crime Worsened", it doesn't sound so intuitive. "Improve" in my head seems like "more/Get better", which is confirmed by the areow going up like "more of crime". But the arrow is green, which us for the "good thing", which should be to have less crime.  I think those ambïguous chart can influence people a lots and sadly influence a bit the blurry questions and charts make people using even more their pre- and mis-conception of the world instead of facts and number.  I would have loved to see it with something where more is better and correspond to the green/up arrow (while for crime, less is better).  For example "Number of family which can feed themselves easily" depending of with or without Obama's care
Well, thanks for letting me feel proud of myself, this one time. (: Seriously, my ego needed that. Also I’m still sorry about how many mean things I’ve said lately, I’m still in a bit of a tough place emotionally, but I’m working through it, slowly.
Do other people really think the different sides of the political spectrum are that different?
I’ll admit I have some biases that I’ve kept to this day, even despite the evidence. No I will not state them here. I usually either bring them up when they come up, or stay silent to avoid any arguments or confusion
Great job!
5:09 Derek really simply roasted Americans in this video 😂😂.
My tribe is that of truth. Whichever is based in truth, I associate with.
This is so incredibly stupid. One guy on camera says there could be other causes. It is just sane and logical to use prior knowledge.  How about this? I go to a craps table one night. I then come up with a chart to show you showing those who blew on the dice won twice as much that night.  Am I then to act like you and make some video about how dumb you are for telling me the blowing didn't increase the chances of winning?  You seem to be more arguing that correlation is causation more than anything.
There's this great science fiction book called Blindsight; it's all about how consciousness isn't really that great of a thing to have. Anyway, somewhere in the book it says: "We are not thinking machines. We are feeling machines, who happen to think."  In line with the theories of evolutionary biology, our brains are not developed to compute/process truth. They are developed for the purpose of keeping us alive. Weird stuff if you think about it, really.
This research seems to jump to conclusions too fast. Maybe people started to doubt the results and didn’t just misinterpret them? What would happen if the subject of the questioned research were relatable but not political? How many people took into consideration the possibility of false positive since there is no p-value presented?
One problem with such a question on political topics is that the "data" seems overly simplified and people know about too many situations of skewed or tampered data that then points towards a result that does not match with reality. The potential conflict with reality and a mistrust for random data make such questions "rigged" for failure.
My issue is that “Crime improved” and “Crime Worsened” are not somewhat nebulous and not the same as “increase” and decrease” or “gun deaths increased/decreased.”
One side consistently fakes data, therefore the other side doesn't trust the numbers regardless.
If 298 people used cream A and 223 people improved 75 worsened while 128 people used cream B and 107 people improved and 21 worsened then which cream was more effective?  75÷223= .336 21÷107= .261  Do to the fact that 33.6% of the participants from Group A showed worse rashes while only 26.1% of Group B showed worsening effects it can be concluded that the cream used in Group B is more effective than skin care cream Group B.
Clickbait title as ,any of your recent uploads are.
The research assumes that the participants wouldn't doubt the credibility of the data presented. This would most likely be true for hand cream, but when it comes to gun control, smarter people would be more doubtful about the legitimacy of the statistics presented.
Guns leads to crime - as simple as 1+1 !
Because statistics are falsified
the real take away from this video is Monarchism is better than polity.
I think that's known since a while. Smart people are good in finding a reason why their opinion is correct, even data stands against it.
Aww yes let's compare something innocuous and potentially helpful as a skin cream scream study to one that suggest people are safer if they give up their right to bear arms and boil it down to a true false statement. Maybe the truth is these question often show a political divide because there are genuine implications to a broader issue. Maybe even an issue that's so polarizing the people being polled already have opinions on it.  Like maybe the results of the skin cream test would change of you told them it was made from stem cells, whale cartilage.
Ha, directly got the factor 👍
I just can’t imagine letting a company decide for you what is and isn’t bias. I’m sure their profits would NEVER influence that😂
It's called overfilling)
So who did the author vote for? The video only shows signs with Harris
I'm the dude in the American Flag suit!! 🇺🇲  Check out my coverage of the rally we were at if you're curious! Very intriguing stuff 👏
I enjoy your videos quite a lot; one of my few subscriptions.  But I can no longer justify support of a platform that employs censorship.  I saw you uploaded a number of your videos to Rumble.  Please continue to upload there.
I'd be interested to see this experiment conducted solely on individuals who have, according to your reasoning, done the irrational thing by disagreeing with their "tribe" and therefore "jeopardized their place in society."  For example, the majority of ex-mormons have done the "irrational" act of questioning the status quo and eventually lost most, if not all, of their social sphere because of it.   I'd be curious to see if these kinds of groups -- that have in some way proven themselves to be more open-minded and rational, or likely to change their mind given proper evidence -- would perform in the same manner as the randomized group exhibited here. 🤔
0:54 Ok. Worse with cream : ~25% worsened compared to 16% worsened without.
As per the proportionality hypothesis :  Let's say we use :  H0 : The data is equally proportionate H1 : The data is not equally proportionate  With the use of contingency table, we can say the test statistic is 3.9326 which is just above the chi square degree of freedom 1 for 95% confidence interval at 3.841, which rejects the null hypothesis, but at 97.5% accepts the null hypothesis, so technically the data can be said as proportional and there is no difference in the use of non use of ( cream /guns)  So am I in the smart or dumb category?
7:07 I believe the correct interpretation of the results here is that bias influences people’s decision making, not that smarter people perform worse
Is this subjectivity to objective results?
Interestingly there are flaws or limitations in both the fictitious studies. The flaw in the skin cream study was that no cream was used by the "control group" instead of a cream missing the active ingredient. When possible a control group shouldn't know they are the control group. It is best if participants don't even know what is being studied.   A gun study or any study on legally forced behavior change just one year after a change in law has the limitations of inadequate time for behavior changes. It is appropriate to point out these flaws and limitations. But that isn't the question these participants were being asked. They were not being asked about the quality of the study. (Maybe that should have been a follow-up question.) They were being asked about the results of the study.   Many studies have limitations in how long it takes to see the resulting change. Climate change is one of these.
That’s Clickbait 101 😅, TLDW: people tend to be biased when answering questions…
Hello, I am of a different opinion to Derek and the original study. I think the rash cream did help the rash. In the spirit of coming to a conclusion based off the data and not out of respect for Derek, a study or the vast majority of the viewing audience I would like to lay out my reasoning. Could we get a bunch of likes for this comment in the hopes that Derek sees it? Derek if you do see this please heart it or comment and I will feel privileged to reply with my thoughts.
Hello, I hold a different opinion to Derek and to the original study and I believe the rash cream made the rash better. In the spirit of coming to a conclusion based on the data and not through respect for Derek or the authors of the study, or to agree with perhaps the entirety of the viewing audience, I would like to share my reasoning. It’s a bit to type, and I would like to know Derek will see it before I begin... Could we get some likes to this comment to eventually get a heart from Derek and I’ll lay out my thinking! It may just be a misunderstanding.. but I would love for Derek to at least read it over.
my first thought was.. why is there a different sample amount to each? Are there people missing from the chart that maybe had no improvement or worsening?
I mean of course it’s the confirmation bias it’s ALWAYS the friggen confirmation bias that thing is way too strong
This video presents the thing I leaned some months ago: It is not what is true that matters at all, but what people think and feel about the things, how they see what is happening. What acctually happens is not that important, for most people at least (and that sucks!).
Bravo for getting GroundNews to sponsor!!
You are presupposing that “high IQ” = “smart”.
yes! this is so true! People are always looking to confirm their beliefs, and smart people will often interpret numbers in very funny ways in order to keep their belief. I think this subject is very very related to the concept of cognitive dissonance.  If youve ever watched some carnivore doctor videos, its so funny how they will interpret wildy negative results as beeing a good thing, such as super high cholesterol, blood pressure and constipation.
With respect to the gun control "study", at least one respondent on video was simply doubting the study. Nothing revealing there, given the availability of other, actually reliable information.
A bias towards an imaginary center is a bias nonetheless.
Beginning at 4:45 for the fake Gun Control portion of the study, we see Veritasium presents us with the terms "Crime increased | Crime decreased" at 4:55 and at 5:15 it was mentioned "illegal to carry a concealed handgun" but the study participants used in the making of the video were shown "Crime improved | Crime worsened" and on the side of the table "🔫 Guns legal | 🚫🔫 Guns illegal" without mention of concealed or not, whether the crime was gun-related or not, whether the crime was a primary crime (e.g. used in an armed robbery) or if secondary "crimes" only made to be crimes by the legislation were included (maybe, maybe not, but it could skew and possibly even falsify the results, possibly in an unexpected way if used to create the statistics for the table, e.g. someone found with a gun solely to be used for self-defense is now charged with a crime for having it, a crime committed in response to other crime on a technicality based on the new law, etc.,) but this ultimately brings in the politics that's trying to be shown to be a factor in the math reasoning, which the video seems to be saying should be avoided when looking at something, theoretically objectively; however, knowing that political motivations exist in others, especially in those doing "studies" and presenting statistics, that while the video shows that politics affects the outcome of studies of highly political topics, it may not be induced so much in "smart" people by the politics of the questions themselves, but by the knowledge of the potential political motivations of those asking the questions, due to knowledge of political motivations of prior studies the individuals know about.
This study and the result dosent have anything to do with high or low numeracy scores. The only thing this shows is how bias people in US are when answering question no matter what the question is. The math is basic elementery level, but somehow people in US dosen't seem to be able to just evaluate the numbers and provide an answer based on the facts given, they weigh in personal opinion and their political views.
Rash improved or worsened, but never stayed the same? Alright, bro.
Wait, so your saying I'm dumb? I thought the experimental cream made it worse got obvious reasons. Darn.. I'm a idiot. :(
thank you for this video
Any type of testing that has to do with intelligence will be inherently flawed in the United States. Americans in general are stupid.
i think i got it right. I said both as fhere were both nunbers in the improved sbd worsened ergo it did both its right there in the data
I have a BS in Mathematics/Computer Science, so I've taken more Stats-based classes than 99.99% of people on this planet. Similarly, I understand the concept of Statistical Significance (α) better than a majority of the general population.   That said, taking an online survey of 1,100 people, then making broad statements about humanity (their ability to interpret numbers, in this case), is lunacy. At best you can *kind of* state that people in your sample—primarily caucasians in the US, here—may not be great with some forms of statistical interpretation. But presenting the findings as having any kind of actual relevance or truth is irresponsible, and naive.   Stay away from the pseudo-sciences, Veritasium: you're better than this.
Political division is not a logic or science problem unless you are talking about media manipulation, addictive programming, and the ever increasing cult-like need for social media validation. The better world that was discussed where people talk to each other in person and mostly agree will never exist where companies with profit and control motives exist. People don't (at least consciously) understand that the business model where products are free means selling your mind is the product and we give it willingly.
The flaw I find with this line of reasoning is that these questions have an objectively valid answer. The data either supports the fact that gun control reduces crime or it supports the fact that it increases crime. When you present both, one of the two data sets is in conflict with truth.   What would be more interesting is when you take a fact that is supported by the evidence that is also sympathetic to a person's politics, as compared with a fact that is supported by evidence that is contradictory to a person's politics. That difference in performance is more compelling than the difference created by presenting data which is objectively false in half of the data sets.
Part of the problem might be that so many people aren't persuaded the "numbers" are even correct in these studies.  We've been told to "trust the science" - only to learn that the scientists (or the media delivering their message) frequently lied.   Its actually quite 'rational' to question how the data was gathered and what factors may impact it (especially if the result counters pre-held beliefs).
No political rhetoric, no villianization of the other side.... 😅
This still makes no sense to me. If both groups were the same size, as they should be, then the cream still made it better. It made it better for 116 more people than in the control group, and it made it worse for 54 more people than in the control group. How is that overall not better? I think the way the question is posed is the issue. To put the ratio into play, you'd wanna ask something like "Which choice do you think is better for treating a rash?", or "On average, do you think the cream made it better or worse?"
Summary: “We confronted people with a question that they already knew all the facts about and therefore knew the correct answer. But we gave them fictitious data that contradicts their already correct answer and they wouldn’t change their minds.”
Wait I’m halfway through the video and there is a GLARING THING missing: Political questions may have already been deeply researched, meaning the people you are asking have ADDITIONAL INFORMATION that may contradict the “fictional study.” This has to be the most anti-scientific video you’ve ever published. Really disappointed.
make that american money and travel
You’re out of ideas for new videos, aren’t you? I don’t understand how this study—or you—define being smart or good at math. People who can’t calculate ratios for comparison are just dumb and definitely not good at math. Honestly, this channel is becoming shitty.
firstly. improve the naming on this chart - what this exactly means "Improved rash" vs "Worsen rash", RASH get better or human skin condition gets better?  Logically rash improved seams the human skin condition get worst second. how many people was in this groups, and on how many people the cream did not work at all, no changes in rash?
I'm a sociologist. If you showed me a single data point on something I've studied heavily, like the impact of gun regulations, I'm not looking at it. That's a single data point and it's not something you can come to a conclusion on. Anyone using a single data point like that has no reasoning.
I got the answer right… am I dumb and think I’m smart 🤔
1:59  hey i got it right
What should have been said is the data is unequal and  i need a blind study the fact their was a different number in the control group means this test was faulty
Am I the only one who got the skin cream question wrong because I assumed that the control groups were the same size, and that there was an unseen number of people for whom the cream did nothing?
1:20 why do we always center the human when talking about a rash “improving“? From the perspective of the rash an improvement would be growth and intensification, no?
As you can see , the groups are to small for an serious competition.
I have a problem with "human made riddles" because they are made mostly from nonsense .
tbh, the data does not account for any other differences ( bahaviour, other things happening in the cities) and is hardly conclusive in all of those cases. Rationality would point to pretty much doing more research, increasing the pool sizes and so on.
My IQ is arguably the highest here and I oft tend to find that I oft tend to have the highest IQ in the room indeed 😊
The question about cream is crafted in such a way to make it obscure. If data be given in percentages, like w/ cream: 75% improve, 25% worsen no cream: 84% improve, 16% worsen The answer now is obvious  Regarding the political questions, as a scientist who is funded by politicians you just chose the way you present the data, to make propaganda the one way or the other
The amount of stuff this guy tought me is crazy
To be honest, they went to Trump or Harris rallies with literal made up data on a chart. It isn't surprising that people didn't take the data seriously.
As the smartest person in the world, don't worry, to me, you're ALL equally dumb.
does absolutely everything in usa have to be political ffs
Me when the paper doesn't replicate
We all have this. Its called a bias. We will tend to favor outcomes or deductions that fit our bias. Its why in the science field there are several checks to prevent making experiments that just confirm a bias instead of trying to find what is the truth
"Use a cream or not" seems like a different kind of question from "legalize guns or not".  "Use a cream" is an intervention into the natural course of events. Not using a cream is the default.  There isn't a natural course with regards to gun control. Guns don't occur naturally, so legalizing guns is an intervention of one kind. Gun control isn't natural either, so controlling guns is also an intervention.  In other words, there's no control group. You're talking about two completely different worlds.
11:10 bit of a weird example, solving rain floods is not really a solution for global warming, if its already flooding you are already too late haha, obviously anti global warming people will agree to fix a flood regardless of beliefs haha
Didnt know veritasium was a TRUMPPPPPP SUpporter, demorats do not belive that guns decrease crime wtf
My instinct said "bigger number, duh",  Then my mathematical brain said "Well hold up now. This number may be smaller, but it's proportionally larger",   And finally my scientific brain took the wheel saying " is that a significant difference? How did you account for the variables? Is this peer reviewed?", before arriving at the inevitable scientific answer of "it depends"
I'm not following something in the first version of the skin cream question.   If the groups were made of an equal size, which the question certainly implies (they're just assigned randomly, there's no reason for the groups to be significantly different in size unless the question explicitly lays that out) then surely the higher total number in the skin cream group in the table means there were a lot of 'no change' results within the groups, and more of them within the control group.   In that case, potentially, the skin cream is more likely BOTH to improve the rash AND to make it worse. Depending on how many 'no change' answers and on how much better/worse, it's certainly possible that the cream was a net positive. That, even if we assume all improvements and worsenings are equal, you're more likely to get improvement after using the cream than by not using it, and more likely to improve with the cream than to get worse with the cream.   In other words, there is no correct answer, and so there's no incorrect answer (at least in terms of the answer itself, rather than the reasoning for the answer). And this would apply in reverse when you switch things around.   So, unless I'm missing something (and I'm very aware that I may be), the whole experiment is deeply flawed.
The answer is liberalism and conservatism should be abandoned; their division is a constructed illusion. Embrace dialectic materialism.
9:26 Its Hong Kong🧐
So when the number of people whose rashes got worse is higher in the group that didn't use cream how is that better?
where subtitle macha
This kind of is more of an experience instead of mathematical ability. Experience will tell you and show you that Trump is full of s***. Mathematical ability will tell you there's a lot of people that believe what he's saying.
And that is why democracy doesn't really work for people's good.
Tell us please was there a single person who asked to show the study?
Maybe when instead of daycare and brainwashing for adults US will actually start teach people it will get better. Not on a horizon though.
80% of statistics are made up.
The problem with the fake data is it does not represent the true distribution of an effect, so the logical reasoning is actually inherently incorrect
I would not have understood the gun control question. What do the numbers represent?
I think that's just slow thinking fast thinking concept again. Presumptions. Give people time and the effect reduces.
107 is greater than 21 by 5 times, which means the not cream worked better...
"Crime improved" with an *up* arrow probably isn't the clearest way to communicate that crime went *down* 🤷‍♂
This is scary
This would be a valuable video if it also dealt with the much bigger problem of how the so called "data" and the so called "science" nowadays are complete trash. The quality of our academia and our science is down the drain, especially as far as "social science" is concerned -- but even in "hard" science, e.g., "climate" and issues like nutrition or, let's just call it "experimental medical treatments for pandemics".
I dont get how that can be when those tested with cream are in greater numbers than those went without the cream. If they really wanted to test what it does, shouldn't they have tested on groups of equal numbers?
When you make it political it's no longer a math question, you're just asking them to rationalize their viewpoint. And when you ask a political question, you're implied to have an agenda - which (rightfully) leads people to distrust the data.
I would think creme and crime are also different (material vs concept) and that numerical people actually suck at concepts unless they are geniuses.  That is mostly why political vs intelligence is never a good study to do
For the first question, the skin cream didn't affect the control group at all. For the group which it did - or might have - more improved than worsened.
This demonstrates that centrists/independents are objectively the most reasonable and consistent position.
There were 2 questions given, first one smart people did much better on.... the 2nd question smart people did NOT do worse on, they actually still did slightly better than average just didn't dominate like they did in the first question....More accurately I would say smart people do much better than others on some questions, yet other questions that shouldn't be harder, as they contain the same math, yet have something to do with a political issue, they just do ever so slightly better. To say smart people do worse on some questions, is comparing TWO different questions that contain the same math.
I think, this is how far-right political parties around the world gain support, even from people who are generally reasonable thinkers.
0:47 Okay, so 75% of the treatment group improved, and 84% improved in the control group. So at face value the cream made things worse. But that may be due to random variation, so I'll run a Chi-square test to check (X-squared = 3.4515, df = 1, p-value = 0.06319). So I'll say we have no evidence to conclude that the cream had any effect on the rash.
My psychology degree came in handy for once.
Exactly what happened during Covid. Mostly the "educated" and "scientific" folk were convinced the shots and lockdowns would end Covid, and wanted to push the "truth" on everyone, but never actually bothered to look at the actual data.
The difference is that the respondents has no information about the particular skin cream, and thus had only the numbers to look at. While with respect to gun control the respondents had been exposed to a great deal of information and misinformation regarding the efficacy of gun control.  "The study data indicates X, but the study was obviously flawed" was not presented as a possible answer.  I would suggest that the driver on this issue is mainly that on gun control people have been exposed to many poorly designed or even intentionally fraudulent studies.
I don’t think the two questions are equivalent. Skin rashes evolve over time due to immune system working. Crime rates in control groups? There is no reason for it to be 100 vs 20 when nothing has changed, it just doesn’t make sense.
So smart people are reluctant to believe false data presented in the context of a stranger contradicting all of their established knowledge?   Tell me again how this is a win for taking smart people down a notch? You should be open minded and open to being wrong but that is not the same as blindly accepting a new datum as definitely true.
“It’s not what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure, that just ain’t so” -mark twain
Woooh wooh wooh, thats way to logical. We don't do that in America anymore. After coming here, I am 100% convinced they don't teach how to think, but instead teach what to think.  Take climate change, whether you believe it's cause by men or not, we all think it's better to get greener energy. However, we do think different on the how part. i for one, think we should go nuclear. It is much faster to reach the set goals and it's even cleaner than the other options. We could then spend time on finding a good solution to replace nuclear or make it even more safe. The other side thinks it should be sun, wind and water. But these bring multiple problems.  1. not a single network in the world can handle the strain. 2. It's not consistent, we use way more at night, which ironically will be the moment we have least. 2.1 In other words its inconsistent. 3. They are not as green as nuclear. 4. We have to make things worse by getting all the materials, making them in the right way and maintaining them. 4.1 Getting everything will first massively increase CO2.
That plot twist was unexpected, but also not surprising.
One of the most important videos I've seen. Thank you for this!
Fun fact the CDC did a study that actually showed that gun control caused more shootings and people hurt or killed. But the study was not published until it got leaked.
I think that made up numbers conflict with the truth and “smart” analysis of what sounds real conclusions and what “feels” wrong and makes you second guess the info. On the cream data, the cream could believably be effective or not
Maybe I’m dumb but I had a much harder time decoding the Veritas graph when it was switched to the political theme and continued to just list numbers. Only after someone was shown holding a paper that adds the unit “cities” to the numbers did I get it. “Rash good/bad” seems like a much easier concept than “increased/decreased incidence of crimes per city”. There’d also be many more co-variables that would be near impossible to control for, and you couldn’t do a clinical trial with a placebo group. So while the phenomenon of political affiliation is fascinating and concerning, I understand why people would have a tougher time with this than the rash test
I am not like this at all. My beliefs has changed drastically over the years. I go wherever the data points to. I am very willing to change my mind on any issue. Tribalism? I got like 2 friends, I ain't got anybody to lose. Even if I did, I still wouldn't care, the truth matters more to me. This video opened my eyes though. To sum it up, it appears most people do NOT actually care about the truth. They care more about fitting in their tribe and will use confirmation bias to justify their preheld beliefs. And if we want to change the world, we're gonna have to pander to them like they're still toddlers, got it. Sad reality we live in.
That with the examples like rash and gun controll is only true if there are no other people not shown in the statistics (like people without any change). if those numbers encompass the whole groups, only then we can come to this conclusion. If for example both groups would be 500 people each and we only counted those with a change, the situation would be different.
The problem in this test is that people are presented data that might conflict with their previously held beliefs. You are essentially asking an opinion. Nobody has previously held beliefs about an anonymous skin cream, where you are asking an interpretation of the data.
Not new. David Hume a few centuries before already said that reason is the slave of the passions. Even Francis Bacon wrote that people should be careful about "idols"
Well, immediately it’s not a good data pool because the amount of people in the experiment group and the amount of people in the control group aren’t the same
is smarter the right term here?
I love this!
Now I know why I am alone.
This is the same problem with conspiracy theorists and people who don't support Third Parties.  The smarter they are, the more elaborate and convoluted their justifications are for the things they believe.
Idk I figured both test groups would have a similar number of people in them so there is a 3rd subset of people in each group who neither improved nor got worse not on the chart so the cream has more people improve vs the none cream.
I understood the data when it was skin care. I felt so confused once it was gun control, even though the data was exactly the same. I just couldn’t process how to interpret it because the initial chart was against my beliefs.   That is… illuminating. Wow.
Cade o audio em português?
Isn't this study basically about cognitive dissonance?
The ratios are in favor of the no cream group. Is it really that hard?
maybe they noot confidennt that why did thhey puut thheir numereccy at thhat raate?
Can we please get a disclaimer on this video that the study this whole video is based on doesn't replicate? Disappointing to see this from Veritasium
As people, we like to think we are smarter then we actually are But the truth is that we usually dont take time out of our days to ration through our actions to improve our lives in the long term  If we cant even do that, how could we do more?  But Remember Jesus loves you❤he died for you and wants to know you❤ Repent, God bless❤  Then you will understand what is right and just and fair—every good path. Proverbs 2:9
Everything about this video is misinformed and it’s too long to explain it here. Suffice it to say, the control group is normally the same size as the trial group, and there should be some mention of the count of people that had no change. This is significant.   If we have 500 people, and in the trial group 225 of them improve and 50 of them do worse,  And in a control group 100 of them do better and 20 do worse and 380 do the same  Then the cream is effective. Mostly. There is a small percentage of of people for whom the cream will make it worse.    Basically you do illustrate the problem that exists—people make decisions without all the data and without understanding how the numbers work
Group think mentality is more important to most than correctness. All driven by the fear of ostracization.
I wish you presented the gun control question first so the audience has a chance to fall for their political bias and self reflect afterwards.
The gun control question has a major difference from the cream question you didn't acknowledge. For the cream, which participant goes into which group is decided *randomly*, but for gun control, which city passed gun control legislation is nonrandom; it depends on the politics of that city, which is correlated with all sorts of factors that could also affect crime trends. You're comparing a randomized controlled study to an observational study, and they are not the same. So the answer in the gun control case is no longer clear math, it's only suggestive evidence. So it's reasonable for statistically educated participants say you'd have to look at other factors too before drawing a conclusion.
Of course people are going to get the wrong answer even if "correct" data proves otherwise if it doesn't confirm their beliefs. That's just how biases work.  Thats why I roll my eyes anytime I hear something like the "man or bear" argument. As when looking at the numbers, the overwhelming majority of men have no interest in attacking women. But people don't like numbers, they like feelings.
This for me is another example of overconfidence in intelligence. If you got this question right you are smart, because you analyzed the data correctly and got the logical conclusion. Acknowledging your own ignorance and accepting that you could be wrong no matter the topic is the most intelligent thing a person can do
I dunno, I'm no genius and I still got the rash cream question wrong.
People turn their brains off for politics
Don’t look up
This is one of the most profound videos to watch. ❤🙏🏽  Fitting in with your people is rational enough, but at the expense of facts and truth? Worse still, are those with power — our politicians and leaders of industry, media and education — who exploit the citizenry's fears of missing out on wealth, opportunity or freedom or of not fitting in, all for the purpose of their own gain.
Conclusion: Fox news is brainwashing people
My reasoning for the cream: "The cream proportionally makes it worse, and that is the smart answer and based on the video the smart answer must be wrong, so it makes it better"
We are missing a few metrics here for the first question. How many people in each group? And How many had no difference to before. because it looks very different when i have a 1000 people per group than when i have 300 per group. Or 298 and 128 for that matter. And btw there is a term for this. Its the same reason you cant convince religious people with rational arguments or numbers.When the data presented doesnt fit your worldview or more percise your identity and things in your worldview you have intigrated into that you will not understandt it. And is you think now "that could never happen to me" while you are reading this than congratulations you did just witness it first hand.
i mean doesnt it make sense that people look at absolute numbers more than relative numbers when it comes to crime, death, terrorism,.. a lower increase of crime, even tho it isnt proportionately lower, is seen as better
Exactly democrats need think for themselves
take that liberals/democrats
I can't wait til science figures out what a woman is
on the first one i would just say there isnt enough information: how many people did you test? how many times did you do the test? what's the deviation, did the skin rash improve a lot for a lot of people or a little, did it worsen a little or a lot? who did they test? what kind of skin rash did each person have?
Anyone with a score of I don't know, 6 or above, on their numeracy scale should get the question right at least 95% of the time (sometimes people misread things).   Above an 8 they might being up a chi squared test and find that the result is significant at p<0.05.
quick note: really smart people would already have heard of this experiment and would now the 'right' and 'wrong' answer
The giveaway is that there is no in-between. Also terrible data presentation.
to pretend that both side have the same awareness about the data is just plain stupid.
Isn't there an important difference between the two questions posed? In the skin cream version, the number subjects in each cohort is part of the experimental design and an arbitrary choice. But in the gun violence version, the total number of people in each group is a separate observation of reported data, not an experimental design choice, and the separation into categories based on local laws is an additional observed data point.
Ground news is showing how incorrect you are about those crime statistics. Lol even you can't keep your political views out of even these videos.
I don’t see how there is a “correct” answer when the data shows inconclusive results. The sample sizes are different and too small to say anything.
I would like to note, politically, democrats were more likely to be correct in general regardless of their skill level somehow
I did not get on which questions smarter people do worse.
I bet a democrat made the experiment lol I am saying it because only a moron would chose such a study, period. The cream study reffered to novel subject, the cream was a new product so the people being interviewed did'n have any bias nor previous knowledge about the numbers, thats why in such an example you could say you were acurately say people were using his pure numeric skills (including proportions). The second example is not isolated, you tell them that it is a new study or paper but the topic has already well known studies that will obviously impact the answers of the people being interviewed, then you need to take out the people that are incapable to be unbiased. Both smart people and dumb people have no reason to question the results of the experiment in the cream case, but in the case of the gun control study dumb people will question the results because of their bias and smart people because simple logic, so in both cases they will be more likely going to doubt the results if they don't support what they know or believe. So the smart people is not doing worse, since they are acurately calling out the results of the fake study. Do you actually understand what is wrong with this dumb experiment? Only a democrat would fail to see it, it is true that there are dumb people on both sides of the political spectrum, and there are even more "educated" people on the left, but it is also true that there are way more intelligent people on the right, by virtue of being able to have critical thinkers there on there, an ability that most "educated" people don't have.
Unfortunately UofA was the wrong place to ask a math question. Do the same survey at Harvard of the east not the west.
Yeah, seems like it's time to leave democracy behind and evolve
This is extremely frustrating as I feel I have been saying that one of the biggest issues I see are peoples' toxic relationship with the concept of identity.  In this case these people are making their politics their identity which both parties do.  This is why the unspoken rule is don't speak about religion, politics, race, gender etc because for many people it's ingrained into their persona in an unhealthy way and more to do with ego than a genuine pursuit of knowledge and truth within these aspects of life.  At the end of the day individual's relationships with these issues are one's own journey/business.  We should be able to give each other room to grow organically while not step on anyone else's toes on the way either.
See if I got the political one I'd be like how do you know the crime decreased? How can you count that? You can't count that.
GREAT VIDEO!!! We need more of this type of content from all creators, we might just bring people of all walks of life a little closer together
The very first thing I did when seeing the skin cream chart was pause the video before he gave any more information away and then I looked at the ratios and determined that the skin cream wasn't working.   When you're asked a theoretical question about some studies, I don't understand why the topic affects how you approach the data! 😂  Yet here we are! Haha
As a side note, I read a REALLY amazing study on gun control done by Harvard several years ago. Basically, when it came to gun control, the study gave conclusions, but also went through several of the statistical errors that BOTH sides make in these discussions: 1) When it comes to murders, those on the left tend to only count murders COMMITTED BY GUNS. There is evidence that if guns are outlawed more murders tend to be committed by knives, but the total number of murders doesn't change. That includes mass murders, even though people not familiar with weapons at first may not understand why. (It's because although a mass murderer may be able to shoot many people quickly, a gun makes a lot of noise and gives people warning, where a mass murderer who is stabbing many victims can do a lot of silent damage before anyone even realizes there is a risk). As the author points out, the number people should really be using is TOTAL murders, not just murders by gun - unless of course a person has an extra phobia of guns and doesn't mind being murdered by a knife. This is also true of total suicides - more people commit suicide by gun, but evidence shows when guns are outlawed there isn't a decrease in suicides, just a decrease in the number of people who use guns to commit suicide. 2) There is no reliable evidence for lives saved using a gun in self-defense. Period. People on the right wanted to use the evidence and did a very non-scientific study several years ago based solely on anecdotal evidence on a non-scientific population (not randomized or large enough to represent the population) and was then expanded for the whole population. The truth is not every time a person brandishes a weapon for self-defense does the person end up filing a police report. The attacker doesn't want to admit they were attacking anyone, and the person brandishing the weapon in self-defense knows the chances of the anonymous attacker being caught is often almost zero, but the odds they will be prosecuted for brandishing the weapon isn't even close to zero. Anyway, a calculation was done, but according to this Harvard study the error on that calculation is almost never quoted. The number is estimated at anywhere between 3,000 and 3,000,000 per year. So yes, it is a real calculation that real scientists can go back and calculate an estimated error rate on the calculation, but the range for the calculation is so ridiculously extreme that anyone who quotes it is likely being disingenuous or is completely uninformed, but thinks they know what they are talking about. 3) Gun rights activists often quote self-defense, but rarely quote how many accidental deaths occur with gun ownership. A significant number of people - often curious children getting ahold of a gun that wasn't stored safely enough - are injured or killed by guns every year. Another category is, of course, drunk people, and another category is people who have never learned the rules of gun safety and seem to think a gun is practically a toy. 4) Gun control advocates compare the US to the UK and Australia. The Harvard study goes into great detail about why these are not even remotely scientific comparisons. Also, they mention that crime went down significantly after guns were banned, but they don't mention that crime was ALREADY going down significantly before guns were banned, and we know the factors that were causing crime to go down, and it isn't guns being banned. Gun rights advocates regularly use Brazil as a false equivalence, and the Harvard study explains why this is also not an even remotely scientific equivalent, because the violence in Brazil can also be attributed to other known factors. The study points out that the actual best equivalent is Russia, and Russia shows that owning guns or not owning guns does not have a significant impact on total deaths.  Anyway, I found this study EXTREMELY interesting and valuable. I tend to trust it a lot because they demolished the most common arguments made by both the left and the right and showed how both the left and the right cherry pick and massage the data to get the results they want and ignore the factors that are inconvenient truths for their side.  I know this is more about people's ability to understand/parse data, but I think the Harvard Study is a great addition to this information. I recognize that basically this video is only proving that cognitive dissonance is a thing, but the great thing about the Harvard study is it goes into the sources of cognitive dissonance on both sides, which I find to be absolutely fascinating.
If I was put on the spot I would’ve said, “I’m not one to make rash decisions”
The truth is, facts mean nothing when it comes to philosophy. You could argue that without a shadow of a doubt gun crimes lowers with gun control, I don't care because I think everyone should have guns anyway.
Thought provoking, so is there a voting method/political party system better than the current?
What do we do about this? This time try this: learn from your mistakes.   Or don't and persist in calling more than half the country "Nazis" while sponsoring race riots, protests, sending fake text messages, _CONSTANTLY LYING_ , etc.
I don’t think the argument that guns in the hands of good guys is the reason gun control doesn’t work is really one of the top reasons why conservatives don’t agree with it.  It’s mostly because they believe that moral people don’t commit crimes, and immoral people do.  Immoral people also don’t care about gun laws and will happily break whatever law preventing them from owning a gun.
This is absolutely mind blowing.
What are they talking about? In the first question, we don't have enough information to answer the question. It's all about percentages, so I need to know HOW MANY PEOPLE PARTICIPATED IN THE STUDY, and we aren't given that information because there's a third group of people not included - how many people didn't get worse OR better. Without this number the data is meaningless. What am I missing? I mean sure, we can kind of get a ratio between the people who are better and the people who are worse, but first the question itself is ridiculously flawed. Maybe on average the cream didn't make the rash worse or better. Maybe on average the cream didn't do anything. I mean yeah, if every single participant in the study either got better or worse then with Cream A 74.8% got better and 25.2% got worse and with Cream B 83.6% got better and 16.4% got worse, but let's pretend that for Cream A 100 people had no effect, and for Cream B 1,000 people had no effect. Now for Cream A 56.0% got better and 18.8% got worse, and for Cream B 9.5% got better and 1.9% got worse. In this scenario, Cream A would by far be the more likely cream to make you better, but it is also by far the more likely cream to make you worse as well.  I know it's silly, but this is REALLY bothering me. Is it bothering anyone else? Or am I just missing some really key piece of information?
This is why scientists who receive money for talking about "solutions" to the "climate crisis" are irrelevant & in reality it's engineers that run the world.
Utterly crap experiment. In both cases, you're presenting people with fictional data that implies critically flawed studies, or that data has be omitted or manipulated. This is going to raise red flags for at least some of those surveyed and skew the results. Even knowing that it's fake data to see if people can recognize and compare proportions, doesn't help much with the discomfort.
Can you cover some topics for women? Your videos are absolutely knowledgeable and the way you convey your content is very inspiring! But i wish there were more for women too - like why we need more sleep than men? How our contractions are so similar to menstrual cramps? Or different? It would be really neat to have on your channel, I think. Have a wonderful day! 🌸
This is so good.
i was thinking that there was the same amount of people in each group and ones whose rash was unchanged was not counted.
And after the debates were over, the FBI admitted the data they had released was wrong, crime did increase, Trump was correct. Did they deliberately lie? That is the real question.
I think what makes it especially difficult is the lack of filter from data to dispersal. Information is given out as if a non-specialist can understand it. We have this, “Give me the facts and let me decide,” arrogance. I have the information about the stock market. Know what I do? I put my money with experts and I don’t argue with them. As a biologist and epidemiologist, I know about disease and medicine and biomolecular pathways. I listen to what my doctor tells me. We need to embrace expertise. We need to trust that sociologists mitigate bias and will be better at mitigating bias tomorrow. Same for economists, and political scientists, and pharmacologists… Because you and I have no defense against bias as individuals, especially uninformed individuals.
Here’s a proof that political believe makes people ignorant or straight-out a dumbass.
ok
Well nice try to make it political and making the fiction graphs to favour the losers-D, however, TRUMP2024 beat all these biases. MAGA 🙌
"takes guns outta the hands of good guys" wdym police can carry a gun even if illegal to thers
Humans have an impeccable ability for pattern recognition, yet society tries to deviate from it because of feelings.
Commenting before reading the comments or watching past him explaining the problem.  Cream made it worse, if you look at the total cases for the cream (223+75) then 25% got worse compared to the no cream where only 16% got worse with no cream.  My biggest concerns is the ambiguity in the question. Did the cream make it worse? Sometimes yes clearly, in fact it did 75 times. But so did no cream 21 times. Which is obvious.   So I’m assuming the question is REALLY asking “Did the skin cream make the rash worse than if the patient did nothing on average?”  Edit: Cool I got it right.  Title was incorrect and clickbait so that automatically gets my downvote. The studies literally showed how smarter people tended to get these questions correct more on average.   And the real answer to these issues are people are stupid when it comes to understanding reality. Their bodies were designed for a different world. We should focus on improving intelligence through early childhood education, parent rearing, and genetic factors.
In the original question, I quckly concluded that the creame doesn't help. However, I hesitated to weather there was enough data to conclude that it was actually the cream that made the rashes worse.
1:18 my logic was that the control group was basically around 20% (rounded) got worse and the with cream if you multiplied the worse numbers on the control group by 2 (because it’s 200) then you get 40 which is less than 75 and another thing if you 75x2 then that would make more than half unlike if you added 20 with itself  Edit: 5:15 wth
I think everyone is missing an important point. When data is presented about something we don’t care about it’s easy to see it as hypothetical and devoid of bias. In other words data is data. But when looking at it in the context of political rhetoric we’ve been trained by a dishonest media that numbers don’t matter. Truth is subjective. So even in analyzing the data related to a political issue we don’t trust it. We have to fill that trust gap with “something else”. Call it confirmation bias or whatever. But the test is flawed as almost no one is immune from years of media gaslighting that has made us all leery of the “facts”. Well, their facts anyway.
Interesting. I believe the more people become “aware” of confirmation bias, the more they believe they are inoculated from it and therefore are more “correct” in their beliefs. Ironically this tends to increase the effect of confirmation bias.
In gun control, i felt the puzzle became 5 times harder just because no one uses gun control as an example for things like probability. Plus i never trust political statistics so i just subconsciously start overthinking.
There is so much wrong with this study as presented that the results, while they may be true, do not follow from the experimental data.  When you're asking someone to analyze data from a skin cream study, you are asking them about something on which they have exactly 1 piece of data, the chart that you showed them. When you're asking about a divisive political topic, they already know that the topic is complex and nuanced, and they've seen large amounts of data previously from both sides that was meant to deceive them, thus they immediately dismiss any new data as coming from a source that likely has an agenda.
The per capita filter
Great video, but regardless of the numbers I would disagree with the way the hypothetical study analyses the data. Proper analysis would compare crime rate change globally after the ban instead of counting cities, disregarding of how significant the growth is. You may end up ie. in global crime rate decreased after ban and number of cities where crime rate decreased decreased (instead of increased). It's similar problem with election in US - candidate with majority of votes may actually lose
So.. if you NEED the rash gone in a week then clearly taking the cream is better, you have twice the chance of improvement. You also have a higher likelyhood to make it worse, but depending on situation that might make no difference.
confirmation bias
Your answer to question #1 is BS.  You're forgetting that there's a third group, those who show no difference.  A study would normally have equal-size control and experimental groups.  Say both groups were 1000 people.  Chance of improvement is 10% vs. 20% or so.  Chance of worsening is 7% vs. 2%.  More people are harmed by the cream, yes, but even more people are helped.  Compared to the baseline, an extra 1 in 10 is helped and 1 in 20 is hurt.  I'd totally prefer to be in the experiment group.  Secondly, if the cream is the CAUSE of the improvement and the CAUSE of the worsening, you can try it, and if it gets worse, you can discontinue.
Are there explanations other than tribal mentality for this phenomenon? For example, if you ask a physicist if this data shows if the earth is flat or not, that’s not tribal thinking. She’s already seen plenty of data, so the new data is an outlier. (I’m not saying this disproves the thesis of this video, just curious how it fits)
@10:25 very good statement but are people ready to do so. Anyway thanks showing us this interesting study.
One piece of the puzzle that I find interesting is the way that being educated polarizes people to one particular side.  Makes me wonder if someone who's good at thinking but lacks particular skills that are necessary to succeed in academia/ hasn't practiced such skills can easily pick poor sources of informatiin and then piece the misinfo together coherently
This is just another proof that propaganda is essentially brainwashing. Most people throw real logic in the trash with incredible speed if it contradicts their convictions. People are only intelligent on their own, they become stupid in crowds, and political affiliation is (at least in America) the two big crowds. 🤷‍♂
The problem here isn't in the people answering. It isn't in bias. It isn't in intelligence. The problem is in the question, which is does not define what better or worse means, while also creating a false dichotomy by using the word "or."  The question should be, is using the cream is better at improving the rash. And a separate question, does using the cream make the rash worse. The answer to both questions is yes.  If they want a correct answer regarding ratio then the question need be about ratio.  What's funny is that this study is almost like projection. Studying the publics ability to read and dissect information in order to find bias. While internally being unable to probably write and describe information, then assuming this error didn't exist, itself a bias.
Are they talking about manipulating the data according to our beliefs and rather we should try to manipulate our beliefs according to the data.
Thr skin cream question totally  just shirt circuits my brain. Feels like there's way too much missing information, no? Were there different numbers of people tested betweent the groups? Did everybody either improve or worsen, or did some have no change at all?
I got the answer right by the same method with the first guy because I thought rash improved mean the rash is getting stronger so using cream make your condition worse
Problem with dealing with "existing problems" in uncontroversial ways is that it means we are not looking upstream to prevent them to begin with.
A better title would be: "Americans bug out when you bring gun control into a conversation". The video is about people's confirmation bias, not so much about questions smart people find tricky.
I'm worried
It's very naive to think we can talk about issues like climate change and gun policy without a political rethoric when they are 100% intertwined with our political and economic systems. This assumes that different groups generally have the same motivations, when they don't. There's heavy lobby from fossil fuel companies and animal agriculture entities who work purposely  to discredit the scientific evidence and pollute the debate. You CAN'T talk about systemic change without addressing the underlying culprits.
Is this not just confirmation bias? As with the solutions? Each side will just weaponsise your currently "not loaded" term.
Your acting like this political bias affecting thinking is the same for both sides but it's not. One side is way more prone to it and statistics show it not just this little test  I'm not gonna say which side, but it clearly affected this election and one side lost because of it.
Am I the only one who often click video in this Channel without reading the titles? Its more interesting that a sudden topic is discussed and makes me wonder things haha
It all comes back to  Divide and Conquer
In summary, emotions make us change or distort what we actually see or think
To conclude, the most important skill is not to be smart, but to be curious. And contrary to being smart, everyone can be curious.
ok well i got the first one wrong because I assumed both groups are of the same size and that there is simply a number of people that had no change.
I fully agree with the statement that a person's political beliefs are not normally shaped by a careful consideration of unbiased data. Perhaps because there isn't a lot of unbiased data lying around. It's funny your sponsor was Ground News, because my girlfriend just subscribed to them last week  (before this video was published). I'm curious to find out how unbiased they are. I also fully believe that the majority of people that align with a party are moderate, and that the beliefs of moderates on both sides are far more similar than we think. We've been programmed to hate the opposite party by being force-fed the most extreme beliefs of the other side by the media.  One thing that wasn't pointed out, perhaps to keep the theme of "smarter people did worse", is that all you really proved is that political biases skews people's logic. The only reason people with higher numeracy lost more accuracy is because their score was higher to start with. If political bias affects everyone regardless of numeracy (and this study seems to show that it does), all you've shown is that smarter people have more to lose to political bias. If my numeracy score is 9, and a high percentage of the people with 9 numeracy got the non-politically affiliated answer correct, that's going to show a much higher decrease in accuracy than someone who has a numeracy score of 1, because most of their group go it wrong anyway. Numeracy is irrelevant to the issue, and it's all about political bias.
your first mistake was asking americans about it, and not any other country
People who think they’re smart but aren’t actually smart do worse.
The 1st question is annoying, it's easy and I saw the twist a mile away. As someone familiar with research papers this would be a horrible study, just because the ratio of the cream to no cream is bad in itself. Of course it's hypothetical, but that is a horrible control, the real answer is this study has terrible controls and the data is invalid that was my first thought.  2nd question is just a reminder that people are influenced by group politics (especially in the US) and will demonstrate cognitive dissonance when defending their view.  I find that people who can't think for themselves are weak-minded, unfortunately they are the majority.
We're just like chimps grooming each other based on political views rather than the substance of an individual's character.
Lies, damn lies and statistics.
The more intelligent u are, the stronger you feel that you are correct and the harder you defend yourself.
This study is kinda weird im gonna be honest, i take a statistics class at my uni so i knew where to look instantly but but i wouldnt base my intelligence on these
Actually the data is presented in a very misleading manner. What you can do with it, is proportionally increase the sample size of the second option to make sure the total number of outcomes is equal. Currently, we got: 223 + 75 = 298 107 + 21 = 128.  We need to divide 298 by 128 and multiple the outcomes of the second option by that number. Now, the question is asked on a street, so let’s assume we are not allowed to use the calculator. What do we do? What’s 298/128?   Well, 128 times 2 is 256. 298 - 256 is 43. How much is a 43 to 256? 10% is 25.6, 20% is 51.2. 43 is somewhere in between so we’re safe to assume it’s 15%. We’ll have to redo this part more accurately only if the result does not clearly favor 1 of the options.   So, we multiple both numbers by 2, then by another 1.15.   107 *2 = 214. 214 * 0.15 = 21.4 + (10.5 +0.2) = 32.1. 32.1 + 214 is 246 rounded   21*2 = 42. 42 *1.15 = 6.3. 42 + 6.3 = 48 rounded  This leaves us with:   223 75 (298 total) 248 48 (296)  This way we see that for the second option, with an almost equal sample size, there are more positive outcomes and less negative outcomes. A clear winner.  And yes I did these maths in my head before typing the answer. Took a few minutes. You can easily cut more corners: simply multiplying by 2 is sufficient to demonstrate that the second option is superior. I just was not satisfied with 214 still being lower than 223. It would mean someone accidentally still might favor option one.
Make love, not war! ☮️
The very first example was that of people being extremely bad at math, like not understanding fractions, so I don't know why you are saying they got it wrong despite "being better at math."
i find this video very hard to follow as a non-native speaker even if i always felt like my english was pretty decent :(
The global warming chart is insane. Same about guns. America is such a backwards country it's unbelievable.
this doesn't really seem like a fair challenge, without actual detail and evidence it really is just a question of whether you *think* the result is positive. Of course there is the math but It's not really being presented as a math question, is it? The environment (which I assume is polling places) is conductive to political questions and opinion based answers, if this were asked in somewhere like a university, then I would expect the results to be more normal.
One of the things mot ignored is core values.
It's not obvious that the politically biased numerate people are wrong. They're giving out-of-model justifications for why the basic math doesn't have to apply to the far more complex real world situation. You can make similar points about the creams, but no one cares enough to get into nuance.  Gert Gigerenzer crituqes congnivite bias research in great detail on similar (but much better) lines in Ecological Rationality.
11:30 The study argues specifically that ideologically motivated reasoning is not desireable (Paragraph 6)
Worsened because the sample size increase and thus the improvement was very low as it increases in proportion to sample size but worsening got 3x when sample size became 2x where as betterment remained 2x so it worsened
Video Idea: Explain neuclear fusion and how do they capture the energy produced at JET in UK
The gun one is hard because of how politically minded Americans are, especially with gun laws. If u tested other countries where there are gun restrictions, the results may be different.
Well done for; 1) presenting this very interesting information without demonising or patronising anyone, 2) highlighting that fitting in is actually a rational (if flawed) reason for bias and 3) pulling me back from the brink of ‘so it’s inevitable we’re just going to become more and more entrenched as education improves!?’ 😅.
People are cynical when it comes to politically charged statistics because they're constantly manipulated to get the desired results of whoever's quoting them. It's the fault of dishonesty from the politicians, media, and other institutions of influence that people simply tune this stuff out.
Peace is loud  I didn’t realize that was you. I’d seen your interview with aurora slightly before finding your channel. And watched that concert enough- it might be why I eventually was fed your channel  What a trip. Just rewatched the concert and recognized your voice during interview at end
Be careful, though. Looks like there is a shark in that skin cream!
this reminds me of that iq meme thing  10 iq: it helped 100 iq: nOoOoO iT dIdNt 200 iq:nah bro it helped
You can easily answer these correctly, but of course with real studies theres always the nuiance of who funded the study and what population it was done on etc.  Politics or not, money almost always controls information so that more money can be made off the result. This just in, hard liquor actually cures cancer so you should drink it.
You Americans are funny in your bubble; you think Republicans and Democrats partisans couldn't be more different, whereas for the rest of the world you all are big-time capitalists (which drive most of your fundamental principles and values)
I don’t think you should change your mind off of a single study anyways. I wouldn’t expect a lefty or a rightie to do it, and that’s not a flaw, you’re brain is a statistics machine and it’s going to weigh a lifetime of information against one dude showing them some numbers on a page.
The issue is that the cream doesn't work for all rashes to the test groups needed to be larger
Oh, so dumber people do worse.
The accurate answer to that overly simplistic gun control test is that, that's not how statistics work. And furthermore, one who is actually smart will tell you "according to this data set, which I don't believe to be true, but it shows that..."    Displaying that data regarding gun control is like asing a doctor whether mango juice cure cancer based on the number of people who drinks mango juice and do not have cancer versus the people who don't drink mango juice and have cancer, it's an overly simplified aka quite meaningless test.
Why do you think you need to "tackle polarization"?
You went to Tucson for this video?
How did so many people get the wrong answer lol
this video has nothing to do with smart vs not smart people. it's all about political bias.
I just percentaged it with rough brain division
This aligns with some of the studies on effect political position has on discerning fake and real news, in that critical thinking had a positive relationship with ones ability to detect a fake news story; infact people would be less bias, showing increased accuracy with news reflecting their political position. What showed the most negative effect on accuracy was simply "lazy" thinking, people not reasoning or engaging critically with the news were far more inaccurate and more likely to believe fake news that reflected their political bias.   Now how and when people decide to "critically think" does raise its own question, where this and those studies diverge is that bias is clearly still present; that the decision to properly engage and consider information can be subject to what one wants to believe is true. It makes sense that when you see something you don't agree with, you would want to make sure it is true and and the best way to do that is to engage in critical reasoning. When it is something you want to be true, you feel comfortable and maybe confident and thus are less willing to spend the time thinking about it, letting that "lazy" thinking take the wheel.
This video perfectly encapsulates allan lichtman’s keys to the white house prediction.
Where did they find that many Americans who even understand proportions and ratios?
I'm pretty sure IQ might have an impact, too. I wonder how that would affect things. At least from my experience, people with higher IQs are seemingly less impacted by political biases.
It was no longer a problem of mathematical ability the moment you introduced personal emotions there.
I think I'm simply smart enough to activate my stupidity and do well on these questions.
you inko heheh
Perhaps they should do a new study to see what people who have changed parties do. For example, a lot of those people have come to the opposite side for a reason, and it probably had to do with reasoning with data.
Self-doubt in a proportionate dose make your mind richer and healthier.
Ok, now I know why it's dangerous for someone with authority to have subjective judgement (or biased view)..
Ugh....I hate your numbers. They're deliberately deceptive...though to be fair that's just like real life statistics.
A saying that has stuck with me since I was a child was "Beware of Bias". I feel this saying reasonably applies here.
Not really an IQ comparison, if numeracy is the core value.
Hear me out - I think the reason why the results for the gun control question were different from the skin cream one is because when data for a politically motivated question is collected, it could have been done by a politically motivated researcher, which reduces its credibility. Current political questions also have so many caveats, which is why they're divisive. The person collecting the data could have been just as biased as I am, looking at it, and for that reason it is easier to question the validity of that data, point out exceptions where the data could have been targeted (as seen in at 6:01), and stick to our preexisting opinions. There would be less motive for a researcher to make targeted skin cream data, so we just don't question it as much and answer based solely on the numbers. It's less about level of numeracy or objectivity and more about level of trust in numbers based on the context.
I dunno man... That's a pretty basic problem for everyone over 12 years old, knowing basic math. If you can't solve a pure mathematical problem without personal bias, then you can't really call yourself "smart" .
This was published 04.11.2024 ?
first of all, statistics teachers everywhere are weeping that "numerate" people think they can just eyeball these results. I punched the numbers into statistics software and got: The Fisher exact test statistic value is 0.0574. The result is not significant at p < .05.  Second, the rash cream version of the fictitious study is not placebo-controlled, but at least it was randomized. The gun control version is not randomized or controlled. Therefore the quality of evidence is actually lower in the gun control context. More numerate people ought to recognize that, and therefore be less likely to let the evidence sway the opinions they already hold.  Third, as a rule of thumb, real science isn't discussed at TED talks.
You might also get the question 'wrong' if it was saying "we ran a study on whether shooting people with mortar shells made them more or less likely to be able to run a marathon afterwards." Yeah, people have priors, and the amount the evidence matters from a study on a skin cream they don't have many meaningful priors about and from a study on something they do have meaningful priors about are different.
"It makes you think about what we could get done if we didn't have that burden."   Something I am regularly noticing in political conversations is that people on opposite sides are not talking with one another; they are talking past each other. The way that they frame the issues in their own minds are different, so everything is analyzed from different reference frameworks.  Abortion is a good example (and I will refrain from stating my own position on the topic). On one side, there are people who say that they are "pro-choice." Their understanding of the issue is that this is an issue about the autonomy of a woman's body, and that they should not be forced to carry a pregnancy to term. On the other side, there are people who say that they are "pro-life." They don't view the issue from the framework of the woman's body but on the fetus, which they see as a living human being. This often is underpinned by religious beliefs, but not always.  There are also a lot of people that are between the extremes, but they are pushed to accept this as a dichotomy and adopt one of the labels: "Are you pro-life or pro-choice?" Because they have this difference in framework, they will see the exact same set of circumstances in different ways.  People do not do a good job of even trying to understand the opposition's framework of reference, whether they would agree with it or not. I think that is a critical piece of this. When you make no effort to understand the other person's framework, you might as well be talking different languages.   None of this directly addresses the findings that people with higher numeracy or science literacy might be more likely to misinterpret data that conflicts with their prior understanding of an issue. I do feel that having those conversations between those of high aptitude on whatever metric but opposite camps depends on this ability to see things from the other person's perspective, though, even when you disagree.
*This election was decided by moderate voters with logical reasoning!*
As usual, you made a video worth watching! Thank you for sharing the science!
Yet there is also research showing possession of legal guns has lowered crime rates. This would not be "holding onto ideology" but rather holding to data that they've personally vetted. Now, of given time to review both sets of data carefully and still rejecting the data against it just because "they feel" would reveal bias.
Paused the video at 5:21 to play guess the city skyline.  Numbering top to bottom using the columns twice left to right. I think I have 3, 4, 7, 8.  Chicago, NY, San Diego, and st. Louis. Cant get the others. Edit: maybe chigao is 1 they get bigger at 5:25
I think that the tribal thinking is part of this, but a more substantial explanation is that people who have higher numeracy might have a higher correlation to thinking about these issues deeply, and have already had more exposure to data that proves their beliefs than the singular datapoint infront of them.
Дэрик, с Днем Рождения!!! Желаю вам Здоровья, Счастья, Любви и Богатства душевного и финансового!!! Спасибо вам за все! Привет из России!
I never went with the flow of my friend groups, if my ideals were different I’d lose them as friends rather than bend to their will 🤷🏻‍♂️
That’s great, now do religion! Seriously, I believe the same thing will apply, people will reaffirm their belief with results, and this present a very real problem.
This is a well-done video, but it overlooks some critically important issues about when and how statistics should inform our beliefs. In particular, it overlooks an extremely important difference between the fictitious skin cream example and the fictitious gun control example. It might be true that the more numerate people are, the more likely they are to misinterpret results that challenge their beliefs, but bear with me as I go on about how what you found doesn't tell us that.  Briefly, the difference between the skin cream and gun control studies was more than a question of whether the topic of the study was political or not. The difference was whether the study compared similar cohorts vs. dissimilar cohorts. This directly impacts the ability to infer a cause-and-effect relationship, which is what people were asked to assess from the numerical results.  In the skin cream example, participants were assigned to be in the control group or the treatment group, and outcomes were evaluated after two weeks. No specific basis for the assignment is mentioned in the video, and though it's not stated to be random, one might imagine it was, as that's the kind of "all other things about the groups being equal" study typically run to evaluate medications.  In the gun control example as well, the cases (cities) were divided into two groups, but crucially, this assignment was explicitly based on a pre-existing difference. Cities were divided based on whether or not they had "recently enacted legislation to make it illegal to carry a concealed handgun." It is untrue that "all other things about the cities were equal" and unlikely that all other potential causal factors were unbiased between the groups. In fact, they were probably not. Whether this kind of legislation succeeds in a city likely depends on many factors, including perhaps the existing crime rate, the political affiliation of the city's lawmakers, population growth, economic changes, local news, and the pre-existing laws in the city's county and state. Those factors might also affect the future crime rate trajectory independently of new legislation.  Perhaps cities enacted concealed-carry bans because their crime rate was "going up" lately, and perhaps it still went up after the ban more than in cities with low and steady crime rates that didn't enact bans, but maybe it went up less than it would have without a ban. The data given in the contingency table doesn't help us guess.  Without question, in all four fictitious studies, there was a mathematical correlation between the variables. But only in the skin creme study is it reasonable to surmise that this correlation had a causal basis, and in the video, people were asked about causality, not correlation.  A key lesson in statistics education is that correlation doesn't imply causation. But it can be pretty telling when it comes from a prospective randomized study. In the skin cream example where the cream "didn't help," it's fair to conclude (under the unsaid but reasonable assumption that the treatment and control groups had similar characteristics for other potential causal factors, like severity of rash). Rashes were determined to have more likely worsened after two weeks of cream use than after two weeks of no cream being used. If there were no other differences between the two groups, cream use is probably the cause.  Alas, in the cities example where gun control "didn't work," although crime was certainly determined to have more likely risen in the "gun control" group (where a new concealed carry law had been recently enacted) than in the other group, we shouldn't automatically assume any cause-and-effect relationship.  Studies like the fictitious gun-control one can sometimes do better at elucidating causation. This is sometimes called a "natural experiment," where some factor that can't be causal happened to divide the cases into groups. But that's definitely not the case here. The factor dividing the cities into groups was explicitly described and  to the outcome, crime rate.  Like probably a lot of introductory statistics instructors, I focus a lot on how to interpret statistical findings, and one topic is the important difference between randomized prospective studies (the best we have for assessing causality) and retrospective studies (where we have to work harder to do that and in ways the gun control study here didn't pass muster).  I appreciate any attempts to think about how statistics can inform, but this video didn't do justice to some important issues.
Dan ‘Kahan’  Cohen  ((()))
Do yourself a favor and go watch something else this video is a complete waste of time.
This is junk science by a charlatan that couldn't handle the fact he got a question wrong so set out to "prove" giving the wrong answer to said question are actually smarter people compared to those who got it wrong. You shouldn't even have entertained this nonsense. Sounds like a standford scientist to me.
Before i hear the answer ill give my answer and reasoning. The cream made it worse. I think that because  the group using the cream got worse 1/3 times and the other group who didn't use cream only got worse 1/5 times (approx)
So intelligent people use their reasoning to justify their previous beliefs more than the average?
Were the people intervieved going to political events of their party? That's how it looked. Naturally you would find the most tribal people there, when they're gathering with their tribe. I'd be interested in how prevalent this is among people who don't attent political events.
thank you for this.
I guess I’m happy to say I did the math and answered right before the answer was revealed. I deal with data and experiments so I’m used to this stuff. I was also annoyed the samples of people with cream vs no cream weren’t equal.
Came for Doctor Strange, did not leave disappointed.
Dumber people do worse. A smart person wouldn't immediately think "oh yeah big number means better hur dur"... They'd either standardize the values so the experimental group and control group have the same sample size, or they'd just divide how much the rash has improved by how much it got worse, and compare the two groups (just like Vertiasium himself did)
smart people are stubborn, got it 👍
My response to questions presented was just ‘I do not have enough information. I need to know the sample size, additional influencing factors, who did this study, their funding sources, and a lot more information. This one table does not provide me enough information to make any conclusions.’ Also, for the skin cream, I immediately thought ‘Wait, what about people who had no notable change whatsoever? Wouldn’t that be a pretty decent chunk of the people who didn’t use the skin cream?’ I have a genuinely difficult time understanding why that isn’t the *average* response, because, at least to me, it seems like the perfectly rational response, and I don’t get why people don’t try to be rational.
4:40 _RFK Jr. has entered the chat_
post election I'm watching one subset of one tribe circling the wagons and purity testing each other.  I fear ideologic isolation is not going away soon..
9:28, why is that one scene from Maharashtra, India?
I’m an introvert, my mind is my own, I don’t follow a tribe.
I get the question wrong I'm dumb. I get the question right and I'm still dumb.
I just don’t get it a gun was made with one purpose and that was to kill people they should not be owned by everyone
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it" - Aristotle
Very interesting study, but there's a lot to criticize here. Blind-siding someone with a question that purposefully made to be tricky is not very representative of how people form their opinions and consume information in general. You're not really encouraged to think things through in this context, so it could explain why people are more likely to let their personal beliefs take control. And their beliefs might have been formed by other - actual - data, which gives them more confidence to reaffirm what they already knew without giving it much thought.  To be very honest, if someone came up to me with this question and it was about climate change - which is so consensual in the scientific community that it's not a point of debate anymore -, I would likely get it wrong too.
Tricky stuff. You have to look at the way something is being presented, and also, analyze yourself and the way you think.
ha, I think my first take was right, "there isn't enough information to say"... so I come to the opposite conclusion that what was presented. This video shows "poor quality studies don't change most people's minds, but do change SOME." The people who were willing to change their beliefs based on barely any data - they are showing why we need campaign finance reform. Even when the data was political in nature, and less people were willing to change their minds, there was still a significant number of minds changed.   There was a clip of a single person saying "I would have to see the sources". Probably more said the same, and they should be focused on.
1. The title is clickbait, the »smartest« people still do best in the questions. I expected a completely different video. 2. People are not convinced by a single piece of evidence/study and change their minds based on that and you shouldn’t as well. There is much data out there and you would change your mind on a daily basis. Many studies are just crap tbh and have methodical errors. 3. The diagrams/tables have methodical errors, skewing it very much. The text and the red/green arrows are confusing and contradictory. But I guess that is only the video and the original study got it phrased better.
Would have been interesting if research was done on religious polarization. My intuition is it would have blown political polarization out of the water
Self-deception requires intelligence.
I found it very ironic that you made a video on how prior held ideologies affect interpretations of data when you yourself in the video cite evolution, an ideology based on interpreting data to fit that very ideology
I think in the modern world this polarisation of opinions reached a very dangerous point where no side is ready to consider the other side’s point even if you drop all the data from all the studies. People have completely lost the ability to compromise.
This Isn’t smarter people doing worse. It’s a subset of smart people failing to employ critical thinking in favor of rationalizing their beliefs.
The problem here is the reason for it is not necessarily a political bias. It's a lying with statistics issue.   "how to lie with statistics" outlines this really well. People lie with statistics to push a political initiative all the time so you have to become skeptical of political topics.   Fact checkers skew their facts based off of the above narrative.
me getting the answer wrong but because i got bad at math and invented bad solution
This doesn't show that smarter people are worse at numeracy. Rather, it shows that political biases affect rational thinking skills
Yeah. I am going to go all in on "duh."
Nope. I did actual human research. My first thought was why are the groups so unbalanced.   And it went downwards from there.   I mean, what is the source of the rash.   Just there are many rabbit holes.
I like the need to explain why gun control could increase crime since it makes absolutely no bloody sense to anybody outside of Republican America...
But the cream didn't make it worse. In both groups the majority reported they got better. The proportions were different, that is true, but in both groups the majority agreed it got better. What I am curious is how could the group that didn't get the cream could report on it .
smarter people don't do worse. If they don't answer the question right, they probably should not have graduated from highschool.
1 word, bias
But who *wouldn't* look at the ratios?  0,o. Am I that odd of a thinker?  I don't really have a "tribe" - and at times I find it either freeing, or lonely.  :-/
They’re scoring worse because they’re tired of being lied to by mainstream media.
Data is generated by subjected fools … Trust no data … rather search your feelings Luke
Don’t know why, but I noticed, simply switching from a medication test to gun control made the question significantly harder to parse for me. Like, the question just suddenly felt much more difficult.  I wonder if it’s because when learning about probability, you constantly learn about medication tests, control groups, light vs heavy symptoms, etc. So it becomes second nature to think of all the edge cases and possibilities when looking at a medication trial test. But for gun control, no textbooks ever use that as an example, so our brain can’t go into math mode.
I mean the real issue here is you didn't ask people from two ends of the political spectrum. you asked liberals from two ends of the liberal capitalist spectrum
Happy birthday, Derek @veritasium !
Basically normal distribution and  bell curve memes were right all along
I must say, I applaud you staying politically neutral. Channels like ‚Fern‘ have sadly gone down that slope and started being influenced by anti trump-ism. Which I believe has no place on scientific channels. Once again, think you for being the true neutral source of science on the internet!
It sucks sometimes when you get it right.:):)
This is a great way of showing that ideology breeds stupidity, no matter the ideology.
Trying to justify your beliefs in the face of contradictory evidence IS rational. Reason isn't automatically correct. Otherwise we wouldn't need heuristics like Ockham's Razor. You can use your intellect to construct an arbitrarily complex explanation for anything. Science and reason are not synonyms.
There is no right or wrong answer. There isn't enough information, so people fill in the blanks.
Good video.  Almost down the middle.  Almost.  The only thing you didn't go both ways on was climate change.  I think that was a mistake because it takes anotherwise down the middle video and skews it just a bit towards one side.  Still, I'm happy you made this video.  I'm not prone to this type of biased thinking in the least and it makes my life much more difficult than it otherwise could be.  I'm completely politically homeless and always have been. I'm cripplingly objective so I don't feel completely at home anywhere on the spectrum.  There isn't a single prominent thinker that I admire who I've never disagreed with on some points, even key points of theirs.  I'd love to have a tribe of people who think like I do but I have no idea where to find them.  It's a very lonely place to be socially because nobody totally rejects me but nobody totally accepts me either.  I get called every name in the book; commie, alt-right, sociast, MAGA, authoritarian, anarchist, the works.
Se llama sesgo de confirmación, y se notó en una de las primeras señoras donde lo que dijo fue muy claro:  LOS NÚMEROS NO ME DICEN NI IMPORTAN PARA NADA, YO «NECESITO SABER» QUE ES LA ALERGIA Y LA CREMA.  es decir, ella solo cree en lo que ya cree y no en los número no importa que demuestren.
So I got this wrong, but I believe the reason for that is because, to me anyway, the question is unintuitive to begin with. I only realised that I'm wrong when I realised that the alternative to "getting better" was getting "worse", which, in my opinion, is opposed to the more intuitive alternative of "not getting better", "staying the same", "maintaining the status quo" or "had no effect/impact".  The question is phrased in a "Zero-sum game" format, which is extremely unintuitive because the majority of these cases (historically, and in real life) are either a "net-positive" or "net negative" outcome. In the "zero-sum game" format, it's only above the 50% improvement mark where the "change" becomes superior to the alternative, meanwhile for the "net positive" or "net negative" formats of the questions, the answer is the same for the entirety of the 0-100% scale.  Edit - Hold up, my use of the term "Zero sum game" is quite liberal and quite frankly very far from the actual definition of the term (ok fine, I fucked up, completely misused the term). The actual Definition is - "for one group/person to win, another group/person must lose".  I was intending to use the term to mean a situation whereby in a sample of people where they decide to make a change and the resulting outcome is only because of the change introduced, and then if the only possible outcomes are either an improvement or a regression, then I 'was' calling that a "Zero sum game"...... Again, I fucked up!
I cannot comprehend the crime improved or worsened numbers.  Using rash, 223+75=298 was the total test population for either 223 or 75 improved and vice versa over time.  How does one define 223 crime improvement?  How does 298 total test crimes population work?  One cannot rewind time to retest with/without gun control...
BUT WHO DID THEY VOTE FOR 🤡
And those of us who are libertarian, we don't fit in anywhere.
There are old psychology studies proving that when people are presented with new data, they are unlikely to critically evaluate their beliefs based on the new data, but they are much more likely to rationalize their beliefs using these data. Confirmation bias and "party over policy" effect. The only defense we have right now against that is knowing this bias is real and remembering it whenever we see data that seem to disagree with our beliefs. The worst thing people have done so far is claiming that intelligence or education itself in general provides defenses against confirmation bias. Such claims make it even worse, reinforcing the biases, as university-educated people get blinded by this and thus fall victim to the bias much more easily - they are educated, therefore they _know_ they don't need to think about data.
If anyone feels like leaving America. Feel free to reach out to U.S. embassies in your target country or friends and family living abroad.
First question - easy, Its just simple data analysis. Right, so the video isnt about the title, its about how dumb each politcal group is. LOL, the majority of the people didnt even look at the numbers
The problem with this video and similar arguments from so-called science communicators is that there is an underlying false assumption that you are not addressing. Numbers in and of themselves are not Truth. Data merely represents the results of a procedure applied to a model of reality. This is true even if the experiment proports to merely collect statistics. That model is necessarily a simplification of actual reality because it contains many built-in assumptions, because it is impossible to account for all variables affecting the data, and because there will always be unexamined outcomes. Science is not a god. Rather, science is the work of flawed people like you and me. The Right sees "science" as a product of institutions run by the Left. The Left sees "science" that contradicts its orthodoxy as "misinformation" from the Right. Today's Left and Right inhabit different worlds and have different world views, so of course the underlying assumptions that affect data are vastly different.
I cannot explain how this video makes me feel but I wish everyone in the world would see this and understand this video.
Wylie Overstreet is such a good name
Yeah, fits in with my experience.  This isn't a question of smart and dumb, it's a question of intellectual honesty.  Everybody is always smart enough to fool themselves.
I have a *paradox* in mind which I couldn't find solution to Conducting exams in school lead the students to learn without understanding and an exam oriented mindset focusing on what to learn and understand not actually being intrested in the subjects and so do the teacher or mentors teach us all things related to exam and so do most of the student are focused and want to know instead Intresting and good less exam oriented stuff.  One solution is to remove the exam but then what's the way to assess what student learned or understand or is intrested about Tell me if you want to know more but I can't figure out an solution more practical it feels to me that it is an paradox
I have a *paradox* in mind which I couldn't find solution to Conducting exams in school lead the students to learn without understanding and an exam oriented mindset focusing on what to learn and understand not actually being intrested in the subjects and so do the teacher or mentors teach us all things related to exam and so do most of the student are focused and want to know instead Intresting and good less exam oriented stuff.  One solution is to remove the exam but then what's the way to assess what student learned or understand or is intrested about Tell me if you want to know more but I can't figure out an solution more practical it feels to me that it is an paradox
Fantastic video
You can't make a definitive conclusion either way on the rash.  The results might have been coincidental, and the cream might have had no effect at all.
the issue is because gun is such a big deal in America and has been talked about to death.. with so many people talking and throwing random made up statistics that the numbers are no longer a thing to consider, and if you don't consider numbers that's just your beliefs. this has nothing to do with intelligence like the title suggests.
What is this
My problem wasn't math. It was chart reading. I assumed, incorrectly, the sample sizes were equal. They obviously aren't.
then they aren't smart....
I'm quite confident with my numeracy skills, and I have recently brushed up my basic maths to prepare for an exam, and I got it right as soon as I looked at it. Well, the title of the video helps actually help me to sceptic and look for a reasoning and I did look at the proportion.
Problem with trying to not apply political rhetoric or "buzz words" is that the amount of topics where doing that is practical is quite limited. Pretty much any civil/social issue for example. People not acting in good faith will take your measured stance on something and try and paint it as you being way far off to one side, then when they propose a "middling compromise" it's actually way further to one side then your take ever was.
People can become blinded by their own agenda
Oooo bokkie, playing close to the proverbial edge are we? Love it! Don't stop playing!
It took Science to put this video together. We know which groups who don't trust " Science." 😂
This is exactly what I've discovered in my personal life and I've given up on politics because of it. I think the only way to stop this problem is to make the "other side" feel less like the "other side". Stop making everyone making the other side sound like the enemy. Compassion ONLY. No more echo chambers.
why does big bricks break easier then small bricks
Follow the Racism
I uncritically accept the results of this study -- it is aligned with my personal experience and ideology. :-) I would almost miss that the republican at 5:48 is actually interpreting the numbers right...
I have a ptoblem with the skin cream question. I assumed that both groups were equally large and a significant portion experienced neither an improvement nor a worsening.
7:35 Am i in the twilight zone is no one going to call out the "negative loss" in accuracy would make it more accurate??? If the talk is in science communication how did no one see this plus most people don't read graphs right to left 😭😭😭 i get the x axis is negative but that's the issue?!
Gee, I bet this doesn't effect scholarly research at all, given how disproportionately left-wing many fields are.
Happy birthday, Derek!!! Thank you for your work!
*Right away this is catastrophically flawed.*  The hypothetical study uses self-reporting, rather than observed characteristics. Which means the control group's reporting of change under a placebo (which _should_ have been used, but, for some reason, wasn't) should, in relative terms, be _controlled_ for, which means removed. It also means the binary response isn't sufficient, as you would need a qualitative measure, which this binary dichotomy doesn't produce.  So, if all that were to take place, you'd have the _actual_ rather than _reported_ improvement, and the question is about _actual_ and *not* _reported_ improvement.   We're still not done, though, because we're extrapolating from a sample of the population, rather than the population. Which means, if there is a positive or negative change, you would have to see both if the amount of change was statistically relevant, AND determine if the sample size was large enough for the resultant change to be considered meeting the requisite confidence interval required to assert the claim. This math is extremely complex, and nobody's doing it in their heads during a street interview.  Please address these flaws.
I calculated the data for %99 trust and its says same proportions but for %95 trust it says non cream better , im not an expert i am only a 3rd time applied statistics taker ^^
This video really shows how divided we can get despite the facts.
Great Channel - Funny though that all science starts with Greek scientists and goes directly to 16th century. What happened in between? Did humanity progress or Newton simply picked up from where Archimedes and Pythagoras left??
People should have to take a test before voting imo
I know this is nitpicky, but the direction of the arrows in the political question is reversed, when crime improves it goes down, so the arrow head should be pointing down. It might not seem relevant, but you are introducing a piece of information that points, no pun intended, to the opposite direction of what the other pieces of information on the same category are pointing out.
Of course political opinions influence perception of statistics, BUT the change from "rash improved or got worse" to "crime got worse or got better/less" is systematically different because the independent variables explode. It's going from a binary rash observation to a scale type of observation. What does it mean to be "worse" crimes exactly? Who decides how to classify these and so on. It's like going from a simple simulation game to the real world with all these real-life factors and scenarios.  I think the study is flawed.
My brain be like:(1st question) Make both the groups equal atleast.
I am also science teacher . And you are my inspiration  to start  my youtube channel and share  my ideas  to people thanq
So not that many people will be getting it wrong then will they?
I think this phenomenom is also from thinking,fast and slow of Daniel Kahneman.
Derek, Happy birthday!!! Wish you and your family as much health as it is possible and alot more! And to keep you passion towards revealing and discovering the secrets of this world we live in. All the rest you can - and I'm mostly sure will - achieve on your own. You are an amazing person, bringing so much joy and crazy knowledge for everyone for free. This is truly priceless. Keep up the good work, Mr good sir! Thank you for everything :)🎉❤🎉
Could you please add the standard deviation / error around the mean score lines? Otherwise it is very hard to interpret the difference between the lines.
I'd know the answer and still get it wrong because of the nerves of the camera😂
6:52 So you're telling me that among the republicans with the lowest numeracy, only 25% of them answered "this data shows that gun control increased crime" when faced with data that implies gun control increased crime.   Are you saying 75% of them answered that gun control decreased crime, or are you saying there was a majority of "I don't know" answers on the lower end of the numeracy scale? Because I'm not sure I believe either.
This is a bit disingenuous. The intro makes it sounds like a completely new skin cream study, but the other questions then turn it into a question that these people already believe is answered. So there are two issues at play here: bias, but also the belief that, having looked into a question previously, one need not look carefully into it when a researcher presents data for the umpteenth time, either on the street or in some brief office visit. Ironically, I think the researchers, convinced they will find a program with bias, are failing to account for another possibility, much like the people are failing to failing to account for the data in front of them.  Much as I agree with the tribalism conclusion, it fits not follow from the findings. The more obvious reasons as I said, are simple bias and complacency.
Anyone else paused and calculated the probability?   Found the difference between 128 and 298 participants to be about 2.3 times difference, if we apply that logic the table would look something like this: BETTER/WORSE 223-75 249-49  Worse wins) And the solution is more clear. Is this wrong? Or did you have an other approach?
Happy birthday!😁
So bad Trump won
Tbf unless the cream is something that like ruins your skin barrier if not used properly and you target that at the skincare people like no one gets hurt or suffers in the cream question whilst if you think about guns, yeah the proportion is important but you’re gonna be swayed by an actual number of people like as families ya get??
I did it right, but, to be fare, i make the calculation on my phone, cause the differences are not so big and the numbers are not so easy to make the mental calculation.
Hmm we are missing the TOTAL number of people here... The two group are not equal, so we can infer that there is a certain amount of people in there that did not change. That said IF we assume that this are ALL the partecipant the cream performed worse than doing nothing. But even that is not a correct comparison as it is not a double blind...
I’m confused on how there could be a committee to address climate change that disagrees on the cause considering knowing the cause of a disaster is kind of foundational for developing a solution. Is it just a bunch of people distributing sandbags to coastal areas and avoiding talking about the reason the sandbags are needed?
Finally a test suitable for the average american
i was, too, confused about how many people were taken as the control and experiment.. that plays a huge difference whether its out of 250 or 300.. its a vague piece of data it doesn't specifically attribute to one's smartness because it forces u to assume.. if one took % like i did then experimental comes out to be 74% times and 83% which is control.. which proves the point they try to make in the video.. haha took me a while.. but its quite simply something w/o much data which makes us realize how much we really need to know/or not to make a decision that 'feels' accurate on the spot
Wow. Really hits home.
This whows that political views are not just data but it also depends on someone's worldview and morals.
conformation bias yes
The two party system is the worst thing about our country.
The title is a bit misleading. It makes it seem that 'smarter' people do worse than 'less smart' people. But they don't. They just did worse than they themselves should've done.
Happy birthday!
George Washington warned about political parties.
But the skin cream worked for more people, right? Most of the people who didn't use it just stayed with the same rash, neither improving or worsening, which I would think is a really important thing to not leave out of the question.
You guys are making these studies with americans which are actually the dumbest people on earth
I have to believe reasonably minded people would have serious questions about the methodology of a study where the main variables are vaguely defined as "crime" and "gun control" and the subjects as "cities".
RHETORIC [Easy: Success] - "Who cares what the numbers say."
Sorry, but I think that people are just stupid if they think a cream, which makes you more likely to break out in hives, should be used in a situation where that's the only evidence available.
The issue is the lens of bias removing any thought put in to actual numbers.  I personally like and prefer Pepsi.  If you meet someone who prefers coke and fails the blindfold test, they will still claim that coke is better afterwards.
In short , you cant do math if you think you already know the answer.
Did americans not have fractions on highschool?
Ideology is a massive danger to our societies, where every quality of life item is based on science.
You lost me on "not using buzzworfs". While I agree it can be difficult to speak about some issues, we shouldn't use euphemisms that discharge us from responsibility. I believe that's what we should tackle, individual responsibility for words and actions. If ppl just build larger and larger dams to stop the sea but not target the cause of it, we're just putting bandaids on a broken, infected bone. Sure you can see a little less of it but you're losing it in a little while.
so Smarter People Do Better?
Bait header, if someone know math but doesn't know conv matrix he it is questionable if he knows math
Just curious, how was the science curiosity score structured?
4:49 crime pays but botany doesn't!
You can't compare a benign study purely based on numbers to a study that is over simplified with 1000 moving parts and say they were either correct or incorrect  What this proves is that people with higher scores can detect "bad data"
Eh... what?  The question is stupid to begin with, cause "better" is not qualified. Especially if we are talking on a topic that has no distinct results. If its gets "better" or " worse" does not qualify the slightest as measurement if something was infact useful and what not.  To showcase it a simple example: You can climb 1000 steps up a stair, and 900 down. You might end up thinking you end up higher than before. But we are mixing up two things. First, we have something that equals a step and than we answer a question height. But the definition of a step does not include at a a definition of heitght at all. As a result this question cannot be answered. We can assume on avarage all steps use the same height, but this is solely a assumption. If the steps down are 25cm and steps up 20cm, we up lower than before, even if we took more steps up. Our initial statement did not change, but the height was never qualified.  This is done here too. So actually smart people would say, that no qualification is possible in the first place. And even then... the answer is solely... IT DEPENDS.  There is absolute NO decisive answer for that, because we have to understand how this can be leveraged in the first place.  As we have no evaluation of what better and worse means, and also if the cream did help, we have to make the rather stupid assumption, that an improvement and a worsening is of equal value compared to each other and the every improvement or worsening also has an equal value.  For some reason the ratio was using to determine it was better... which is actually not correct. To simplify it, let's use a very easy example to understand the numbers in the first place. We have 2 Strategies, they gain you money and lose you some money.  Strategy A: 223$ gained, 75$ lost (= 148$ gained) Strategy B: 107$ gained, 21$ lost (= 86$ gained) Delta AB: 116$ gained, 52$ lost  The ratio of gained and lost money has worsened from roughly 500% to 300%. So if you consider it of an invest, the factor is 5 to 3 but +86$ to +148$. So, what is the better strategy now?  The answer is simple, it depends.  75*21$ base start, so 21*223$=4,683$ gained with A and 75*107$=8,025$ with B. So B was better.  However, this is only if we can execute it that way. If we can execute B 75/21-times more, then we have this +71% increase in comparison of B to A. If we cannot not that and only do one at a time, then the situation is totally different.  Execution of A +148$ and Execution of B +86$. Regardless how low we do that Strategy A is 148/86-times better, so +72%.  You can see the ratios are about the same. The question is how can you leverage the execution of A and B.  So let's go back to the original example. Rash can improve or worsen. If we consider it equal value, there is a limit of how much we can use the cream and just using "more" does not make it better, as we have no data on it. So likely we can only chose Strategy A or B at a time and not Strategy B x-times more often than A when using or not using the cream.  So for the cream question the answer is actually that it DID help if you consider realistic scenarios. We cannot use "no cream" x-times more often than "using cream". Obviously. But there is no right or wrong answer in the first place. I did not read the study at all, but I am pretty sure they did not make a fatal flaw like done here in the video.  Cause it shows me actually statitics have not been understood. Statistics needs to be interpreted is not absolute no better or worse evaluation just by comparing raw numbers. Absolutely not. Why such a novice mistake has been made in the video and there has been claimed a "right" answer existing on the numbers, I have no idea...  There is absolute no number and no number comparison that holds any value without an upfront definition and evaluation of what the numbers represent in which way in the first place. For those how are still struggling to understand: You win 100$ and invest 50$ you do it. You safe 100 lifes and kill 50 instead... Would you actually do that? See. Numbers itself mean nothing. As such, a right or wrong answer does NOT exist from solely numbers in the first place. If this claim has been made in the study itself too... Hell, what a BS in the first place.  And this even does not take into considering the expectation of people that take a survey. Like the cream and gun question are asked on fundamentally different ground, hence the answers are totally different. To make this is about number is... just stupid. Maybe the study is bs in the first place, lol.  Also it does not seem to properly make a distincting if we are talking about rashes or people with rashes. That is not exactly the same and cause differentiation too.
This is not a new problem, but there is a uniquely American aspect to it. The tribalism of American politics is on a scale you don't see elsewhere. Being a part of a group is something very strongly embedded into American culture. It's not that it doesn't happen anywhere else in the world, but it's rarely at the same scale. There is just something about growing up in the US that has people seeking their tribal alliances all that more strongly and in the past few decades this has become dominant in politics. Self identifiying as "liberal" or "conservative" is not someting that people do in other countries, at least in my experience, to quite the same level. If something was to be done about this "problem", I think that would be a great place to start.
So...I guess I am just finally applying myself to serious scientific theories, in part thx to your videos. I have a proposition for an experiment about relativity and quantum mechanics, one based on Einstein's idea that light doesn't experience time and therefore the double slit experiment is wrong, do to the theory that light isn't a wave or a particle becuase it doesn't have time to separate into either one. I ran the math with chat gpt, and it seems to work out, but I was wondering what you thought about it. A possible experiment to prove or disprove this idea would be to redo the double slit experiment with the world's fastest camera and a powerful magnetic field to approximate gravitational forces. Just an idea, but I find this idea fascinating. I may be dead wrong, but it is a question that hasn't been explored yet.
the size of the groups is different, so all is bs
Lying to people to do research on them... This is not a very ethical research experiment.
So if you take your time and evaluate everything carefully ang get it right you are supposedly among the less smart? Sure makes, sense...oh wait...not really
So it's not only about collecting Data it's about reading that data correctly without bias. this is scary.
This is something I have thought about a lot because I think I have experinced it myself and seen it in class. Both  parts really because I have experinced examples where because people including myself understood the type of question more; they had a harder time smoothly going through it(similarily sometimes it is easier to write a concise summary if you naturrally know or notice less too) and I have seen examples where people will literally switch the wording around in a research question too n terms of what is affecting what(along with me having times where I have questioned if I am rationalizing a study)
If you think of the data as hypothesis testing of whether the skin cream works, the interpretation is that the likelihood of the skin cream works does not eliminate the possibility of the likelihood of the skin cream doesn’t work and studies often misinterpret the ratio or sometimes it is shown in P value means and I would say that the evidence is inconclusive.
You think you can get me to outgroup over your numbers. I come from a long line of not getting a rock in that back of the head.
You can't rationalize someone out of a position they've rationalized themselves into.
That table was very unintuitive.
The question is probably why P value should be banned in studies
I'm not discounting the underlying principle that this videos is discussing, but I have to wonder if the methods we see in the video where you are going to political events isn't skewing the results. People answering questions on camera at a political event are going to be primed for the sorts of "gotcha" interviews that we see so often on the news. I wonder if they are expecting a trap when you tell them that the numbers are made up, that maybe you are going to spring it on them that the numbers aren't made up after they admit the numbers support the opposite viewpoint, thus leading them to be more likely to focus on questioning the validity of numbers you are telling them are just made up for an exercise in data analysis. They seem to be building a defense, for why these numbers don't carry any real weight because they would (rightly) question the source should you spring the "gotcha" upon them, and I think that defense is taking mental resources away from the straightforward data analysis.
But... Made it worse? That is not really what the study proves. Either. It only proves it's not a really  good cream for everybody.
Bias matters.
I very much feel that I am affected by confirmation bias.  "But I know I'm correct so all I need to see is evidence that can prove to others that I'm correct!" is basically how I feel confirmation bias works. A sort of circular reasoning.
I was wondering where the difference came in, I worked in investment for ages and besides the 2024 election I’ve called pretty much all the big events since 2015 us and uk. I’ve never counted myself partisan, but lately I’ve been leaning more left wing. I’ve always been brought up to be curious and maybe that’s let me cut through the noise.
The question isn’t really clear when it comes to gun crime since there’s a lot of edge cases  For eg. increased gun limitations can cause gun crime to “increase” because there will be more people who continue to have guns.  On the other hand, violent gun crimes could go down because there are less bad people with guns. Or they could go up because they’re having more clashes with cops, or threatening more people.  The question is too broad, and has too many edge cases. With the rash, it’s a single variable. With the gun question, it’s a multi variable problem
Sir Dan M Kahan, i would like to apologize i read your name as Damn Kahan (kneeling facing wall while rising hand in the corner)
Best channel on youtube!
Deliberately misleading title.
More campaign placards for Kamala Harris, no Trump placards. This is campaigning for Kamala
I paused and counted the number of the experiment group as well as the number of the control group. 298 in experiment and (~75%) got better, and ~84% got better in the control.
Couple notes:  Sample size for the study was decent (1111) but could’ve been higher.  The sample is fine on gender split but skews white heavily. The P value is 0.01 which seems great until we remember Derek’s video on the replication crisis (Is Most Published Research Wrong?) A replication of this study (Cognition 214, 104768, 2021) conducted with a larger sample size (3154 with the same skew towards white) found much weaker evidence for the effect and cautions science communicators discussing it.   In my opinion: I’ve seen many experiments in the social sciences fail to replicate, especially ones regarding political divides. This makes me skeptical when hearing about similar studies.  Online polling for these studies also has issues, and this replication notes that the original study didn’t perform any checks for attention in their sample.  I’d caution Derek against discussing studies within the social sciences, especially when the results of the study are so heavily debated.   I think presenting these studies as-is (without challenging them) is a failure of science communication.  I also have issues with how Ground News does its political rating but thats an issue for another time.
Technically, the guy who said proportion is pretty even is not wrong. With these low numbers, especially in the control group, it is not a very reliable statistic
Based on how people answered on the street it seems clear to me they didn't understand that the question was a pure math question and not a real life question where they need to factor in elements not included in the question. Might be the same with the study participants.
I think that probably wouldve got me - because I'm fairly confident in the behaviour of a fictional glob of chemical cream, but would be more reluctant to draw conclusions about human behaviour, even if the statistics are still fictional
That's the problem with anything the evidence is there but people will choose to ignore it out of pure ignorance
Please keep doing what you do. I love your content
Cognitive dissonance at it's best
I wonder if this mindset on at least political beliefs is a little less in Europe. I think the culture there is less around politics and more about other things that make your beliefs.
"We need not smart (!) people to test the theory - so I asked my friend in the US..." - what?  EU snobism much? 😂
Do you think increasing public awareness of the ranked choice voting system would help reduce partisan division by incentivizing politicians to appeal to a broader audience?
the problem with data is that they were so often "massaged" and selectively presented in a particular way to misled reader into a particular conclusion, or the methodology use to collect those data were already wrong or bias to begin with..
If you use the word "study" a lot with AI generated images and drop the spooky conspiracy "beep-beep-boop-boop" music, people will believe anything... just kidding XD
Me getting the answer right 45 seconds into the video
This is significantly significant. Thank you.
keep pushing your leftist politics, people have had ENOUGH. Come and take them, come and try it. See what happens.
ഇവിടെയും യുക്തിവാദി റേഷൻ എലികളുണ്ട്
cope and seethe you rabid leftist
As a responsible gun owner, I want to protect my constitutional rights. I also am aware that just allowing more guns as the only factor to consider would be a naively dangerous position to take.  Every responsible gun owner should be allowed to purchase firearms. Gun control legislators should focus on preventing bad actors from acquiring firearms in the first place, without infringing law abiding citizens right to acquire them.  Another problem that needs to be addressed is that firearms can easily be assembled and 3D printed without any way to track or control them. So taking all firearms away would only lower the risks involved for armed criminal activities.  This political issue isn't black or white.
Wasting time for education just learning from trump how purchase it's not about bitcoin PR work the truth is leftists left over
I don't need a video to tell me conservatives and liberals both have troubles with scientific literacy. One party denies climate change. The difference is not small. This video is garbage.
This whole comments section is an incredible demonstration of the Dunning–Kruger effect. There are a lot of people "critiquing" this research in ways that make it very clear that they have very little knowledge about psychology and research design.
An interesting study on how all humans use Bayesian reasoning, people had stronger priors on political issues which infuenced their inference.
hess rankings
I just want to add my two cents on the gun thing. Why can't you just have non legal weapons for civilians or weapons that have a low rate of death when fired?
If u want the best, be ready for the worst. If u want better, be ready for worser. If u want good, be ready for bad. If u want not good, be ready for not bad. If u want both good and bad, be ready for both bad and good. If u want equal, be ready for equal. If u want not equal, be ready for not equal. If u want suitable, be ready for suitable... 🤪
This is the single best video I’ve watched this week. It should be mandatory for every stats class to watch this.
OMG, it's like how, having high IQ doesn't make you wise, because being smart also means you can come up with good rationalizations for bad ideas.
Eye opening, enlightening…
Teach odds ratios in elementary school! It's just multiplication and division!
The problem obviously when you make it political the participants are no longer answering a hypothetical mathematical equation but a value question about real life politics. At which point the table of contents becomes irrelevant as that is not the question anymore. And the problem with these complex issues is that you really can't boil down gun crime relation to gun control laws in such a simplistic manner. And then you have the problem of lying with statistics or just presenting false statistics. So it's sensible to not let someone coerce you into giving some answers you don't agree with by presenting some simplistic statistics that might not even be correct.
pov: veritasium discovering confirmation bias.
1:25 how is that rational?
Happy Birthday Derek!  At least Wikipedia says so
Did they get the biased questions wrong because that's what they actually believe or because that's what they wanted to believe? If you do another trial but tell them they'll get 20 bucks if they get the mathematically correct answer I'd bet the results would improve a lot.
Exactly what I thought. Science becomes so stupid once it touches any politically regulated subject.  Gender? religion? climate change? You stop seeing rational but more emotional
Fascinating!
Well duh...............................🥴 It's Nov 8th and millions just proved it .
Me: ...why are there less people in the control group than the test group? Thats not scientific at all.
Okay, but this table is extremely problematic as someone with a major in statisitcs. A table like this might sometimes be used to represent RAW data but RARELY (if ever!!!!) as a tool for analysis!  An ASSUMPTION that even smart people sometimes make (especially in a format like this where there's time and social pressure to answer) is that data is presented truthfully. And further psychological research shows that humans are not super great at hypotheticals, meaning even if you tell people that you are presenting something fake, they will still react in a similar-ish manner to if it were true. And then you're just talking about bias in general -- which is, you know, bad in excess but also natural. Prior knowledge is at least somewhat valuable and we wouldn't function well if we changed our opinion every single time someone tells us something that sounds halfway convincing. Thus this finding and study about "smarter people do worse" is not, on its own, concerning. It's not, when viewed in a research context, about smart people literally ignoring facts, it's about my point regarding how we reason similarly to real life when confronted with hypotheticals. Essentially, there are some pretty major reasons to be skeptical of psychological studies like this!   Briefly returning to my original point, in fact a table like this would likely be REJECTED when given for submission in an academic paper, for many reasons. First of all, since it's actually a proportion that you want to study, the proportion would be shown right away -- perhaps with a note about unequal sample sizes. Second, there are quite a few statistical techniques, even some basic ones, that can quantify these differences so we are less reliant on the eye test/mental math/one-off decision making, even basic ones such as the sign test. Furthermore, from a statistical point of view, gun violence has been forced to be a variable with two outcomes: "better" or "worse", which is well-documented to result in a loss of "power", sometimes a major loss, which is the chance the test detects a real difference. In short, not only is the 2x2 table shown not representative of real scientific work, it's not sufficient for analysis by itself anyways. You'd be looking at other things in a statistical analysis, and for good reason. The 2x2 table shown is, simply put, bad science.
It frustrates me so much when people call those they disagree with dumb.
Cant wait for >Trumps name doesn't appear ONCE! >Derek is wearing blue! And other bs comments
This is so interesting, because what does it say about scientists??  They are supposedly smart but they also have their own politics and beliefs that can influence their work.
i think when you involve a deeper meaning than just skin cream, people think more and try to deduce and come up with other answers. Skin cream and gun control aren't the same.
It made it worse
Imagine if it was a gender question
This is one of the most meaningful videos I have seen online in a long time. Hopefully the ideas discussed here will be discussed deeper.
The relationship between skin cream and its effectiveness on a rash is a simple one. Political actions (like gun control & economic policies) have a complex relationship with their outcomes. If the skin cream proves to be less than effective, nobody is going to resort to gaming the system (at least, within the confines of that study).
5:20 Can’t draw any conclusions because cities weren’t randomly assigned to enact gun control or not, therefore there are plenty of confounding variables. The correct answer is “no solution”, not “gun control works” or “gun control doesn’t work.”
So politics makes people dumb
The study is flawed.
Probably the smartest political subject I’ve ever heard
I'm just so bad at ratios that I cannot process these numbers 😭
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" Answer: Yes
I did a report on gun control in college and the only conclusion my group came to is that the papers we were reading were unreliable because of clear biases leading them to opposite conclusions even when using the same data.
This is my problem, that I do not do this, i sometimes wish I did
The skin cream did make the rash better though, no?   If you look at how many peoples skin improved when using the cream, it was more than the amount of people worsened.   The question “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse?” speaks nothing about the people that didn’t use the cream. So wouldn’t it make sense to only count the difference between the people that did use it?
the cream one does make more mathematically sense because of fractions and ratios, you can just find a decimal and compare
3:05 yeah give the lady the chemical composition of the cream and she mught figure it out. She seems so smart.
Should've given half of the sample an incentive to get the question right, like a $50 reward. There are some people who will knowingly give the wrong answer just because they know the right answer goes against their partisan side. With an incentive that might go away.
In reality you need to conduct some significance testing(compute a P value), to see if the difference that you are observing is significant and not due to random chance.
Too simple
Hi there Simpson's paradox
I dislike the title of this video, smarter people definitely do better, it's people who are less open-minded, more entrenched in their own pre-existing beliefs that do worse.
And then there is me who was waiting for it wrap back around to why smarter people do worse lol
While the argument is certainly valid, I would not expect anyone to believe a random set of data brought on street by a complete stranger to be trustworthy. In fact, I would expect most people to not change their views and smarter people to start asking questions. There should be a better approach to the question, such as introducing a well-sourced set of data to a group of professors with different ideology and see how they respond. This would otherwise sound like political propaganda as well.
Now we can realize why people are okay with a genocide happening and still act like the world is normal.
I have a problem with making the cream problem analogous to the gun control problem. When we're talking about the cream, we know that the starting point of the experiment is that everyone has some degree of a rash. So it's very easy to understand that for x number of people the rash improved or worsened with(out) the use of the cream. But when we talk about gun control, what's the starting point? Is it "there is crime"? Is it "there is an x number of instances of committed crime"? Or "x number of people experience crime"? What does it mean that crime increases and decreases at the same time? Like what's the unit that we're using here? 😅
Hey @veritasium I have been reaching out to you about a novel idea. a new "number system" grounded in Base zero!  I have even created a new Numeric Function that makes "0" a magnifier!  The expression is: Mn X.YY Mn = the magnitude or layered scale X = the Integral part  .YY = the Fractional part  Lets express this! Lets use Mn X.YY as = M3 5.23  but what does this mean??  Lets break it down M3 = Magnitude 3 :we are in the range of numbers expressed as thousands (10^3) 5 = Integral part : At this magnitude we have 5 units, which means we have 5 "blocks" or "steps" of this size/ scale or layer .23 = Fractional part : This part specifies a finer precision within this scale, here .23 means we are 23% into the next unit!  in traditional notation, M3 5.23 would be presented as 5,230,  since we have 5 units of 1,000 (5,000) Plus 23% of 1,000 (230)  What do you and your community think about this new magnification Function!  Base Zero, Tenth Base B10
7:04, well damn
have u noticed that hes showing mostly just the blue political party when showing irl footage
Great timing 😂. How long was this preplanned?
wait i got it right dos that mean I am dumb or smart? I don't like these games
Theres one hiccup with the gun control thing :(  You swapped Crime Increased and Crime Decreased, but didnt differentiate who was dying.  So with guns, a net increase of people die than without guns, even if the crime increases/decreases.
No, actually you are onto nothing. It's just that americans are dumb and the only way they can evade math, is to start using their mindset.
8:45 milk
Isnt ot cause they tryna "Well actuslly you must consider..."
I've honestly never heard a Republican say gun control increases crime.. just successful crime
If a crime is unreported how can you possibly know that it even happened.
All I'm hearing is more reasons why Alexander Hamilton was a bum ass loser
Well, yes, I know these people and see them every day. They are the "brain washed", that refuse to listen to other data and re-interpret it to fit their world view. You constantly see them in different forums, even though they are bright they simply do not undertands the simplest things that conflict with their believes.
Hi Veritasium, please consider including an AI generated audio track for your videos. I would like to share your videos with my non-English speaking relatives. Thanks
IQ aint it all
It is completely rational to not change an opinion based on a single dubious study coming out of nowhere, and be wary of experimental biases, overinterpretations, misinterpretations... Rational thinking means to adjust Bayesian cursors, not to change ideas everyday.
Since there’s a 50/50 chance of getting right, people are pretty damn stupid by these results.  Maybe have a numeracy litmus test to be allowed to vote.
This is a huge argument for the rasoning of getting rid of the 2 party system.
We all use logic and reason to some degree to form our opinions. The problem is that you need to start with some axioms upon which to build your world view. When the validity of those axioms come into question then you have two choices. You can revise your axioms, which are your fundamental beliefs, or you can ignore the discrepancy and assume that your reasoning was faulty or that you are missing an underlying fact/premise. Most people, including me, go with the 2nd choice.
Hey just mentioning the data shown around 5:44 is not consistent. I was doing the calculations to see the difference in effect on crime when I saw this. Otherwise the video is great, ty!
225/75 = 3/1 105/21 = 5/1  So using cream vs not using cream changes the odds of improving the rash from 5 times to 3 times... checking the videi now  Edit: wow, was not expecting that. This goes into the favorites playlist
Unfortunately, local solutions to mitigating sea level rises, does not stop global sea level rises.
Derek uniting people with science. He’s a gem
99% of people say they wouldn’t have followed Hit1er. 99% of people say they don’t get influenced by advertisements.
Which is why it is so important to have trusted independent thinkers. We call them scientists. The trouble is that one side of the political spectrum has completely stopped believing scientists.
Humans somehow forgetting that everyone  else is a human too will never not be funny
I think there's more to this result than just "ideology causes smart people to be dumber". What's happening here is the rash question has no context and so a conclusion can be drawn based on the presented data alone.   For the gun question, it has a context and becomes a single data point in the mass of data points they've seen. In that context, the data you've presented can be interpreted as a single outlier. When analysing statistics, that's a reasonable question to raise. This is why in the context of polling, we do poll of polls and disregard outliers.  The big problem around ideology is when ideology limits the information you're exposed. Then we no longer agree with what the population mean if the data actually is and hence what we reject as statistical outliers. As you say, destroying the echo chamber is the biggest problem we face as a society.
Perfect example of why it's healthy to have skepticism and question things. "Follow the science" and "trust the experts" should never have been the end to a conversation. Because it was used as one, it will ensure that conversation goes on for decades about what really happened and we'll never truly know.
I thought the question would be what is a woman. It is a question where three year old kids perform better than university professors...
Thanks, it is a very good explanation!
The click bate is false...
I rarely disagree with much on this channel, but I don't like the characterization of tribalism as "in the most important ways, rational." Rationalized yes. Rational no. Rational would be suppressing one's emotional instincts and fostering a cooperative environment, enabling mutually beneficial outcomes.   Plenty of people confuse what was evolutionarily desirable to early hominids as having some mystical claim on ultimate rationality. In fact, capitulating to these habits serves the animal rather than the rational side of human nature.
I find it funny that youtube "community notes'd" you saying that Trump is now president lol.  But in all honesty, the question with the skin cream is relatively straightforward. You either apply it or you don't and you either improve, or you don't. The question with gun control, or global warming has so many outliers that it is going to cause a person with a higher numeracy score to disbelieve the numbers; especially in a political case when "data" is hardly relevant because it's always skewed in one party's favor.   Regardless of my political affiliation, I could easily spin any story in a way to appeal very easily to either the left with low numeracy scores, or the right with low numeracy scores. When I get to those with higher numeracy scores, they are more likely to understand that I'm "spinning" the data and see right through my tricks.
Leave out the distracting needless background music/noise What the hell is it for? I'm here for information not music
So, the majority of the MOST intelligent people know how fractions work and would’ve looked at all the numbers, not just the “big” numbers. Your theory is incorrect, especially as there is no information on the level of intelligence the gentleman has who is being asked the questions. *Do the math *
My mom has been saying for years that people need to stop using the term "gun control" if we want anything to change. I guess she's onto something.
So there is a potential problem as it will depend if the question was stated correctly and the user understood it. In order to properly frame the question the number is not representative of the number of crime but the number of cities where crime increased or decreased.  I can see that if the question/ scenario wasnt clearly clarified people may see those numbers as the number of crime vs the number of cities.
3:02 Your average Trump supporter, right there.
I've never meet a dumb person who didn't tell me they were smarter than a smart person.  One sign of intelligence is that smarter people admit they could be wrong far more than dumb people do. Not always, just more often.  Of course, I could be wrong about that. Off topic, the person behind the camera could only be showing us the people who give the answers they want us to see.  One reason academics are better than Youtube for likely being true.  Academics hate each other and love to prove other academics wrong.  If good academics agree, that means not that it's right, but it's the current best informed guess.  Academics love to prove a known truth isn't totally true and they can prove it. Non-academics love to prove a known truth isn't totally true because they don't believe it.  No need to prove it to everyone.   Again, I could be wrong.
Love your video ❤ But just having one problem  At 5:45 the pictures of not having a gun and having a gun was interchanged as the person at 5:48 holds the board with sign having opposite places  Thank you
Congratulations Derek, From making 3-4 minute videos about cathode rays, plum pudding model, to explaining black holes. This is development.
Derek, you can't make a video about critical thinking AND explain it with evolutionary psychology.
This is happening heavily in the U.S.
Why do you think YT disabled the "dislikes" counter?
I would have thought someone like Veritasium when talking about something as polarizing as increased or decreased crime would have mentioned that the FBI quietly edited their numbers later proving crime in fact did not decrease. But I guess if you're trying to sell that specific product you're going to try to do the whole "both sides" BS.
This is a really bad video
Smarter people think they aren't as smart as they are.  Where less intelligent people think they are far smarter than they truly are.
I see the comment I made what deleted - it explained that these vote counting methods amount to nothing more than obfuscation that those with political power use to control the outcome of elections. Ranked choice is a scam - if you can't have "none of the above" as a valid option - which would prove that very few people are actually enthusiastic about voting for the clowns on the ballot & are, instead, attempting to limit the damage the political apparatus will do, then who cares what your second choice might be - it's like saying I'd rather be robbed by a person A because they tend to leave their victims alive whereas person B usually kills their victims - what a great choice - you're still getting robbed, you're just hoping to survive the ordeal.
Wolf Blitzer is so smart 😂
That is not the only difference.  The other difference is it's a topic matter in which people have likely already done prior research on and thus know what the data SHOULD say.  Thus taking math out of the equation entirely, because they already know what the answer should be.
I don't think this experiment shows what you think it shows. Instead of creme or gun control let's use drinking water. One group drank water and another didn't drink anything for 2 hours, and then we measure a number of thirsty people before and after. This is a type of experiment where you know the answer beforehand because of the cause and effect relationship: we know that drinking water reduces your thirst and there can be no other readings. So it doesn't matter what the results of an experiment show – the conclusion that drinking water reduces thirst is unavoidable. But if it does show that drinking water makes you more thirsty than there are all the reasons in the universe to question how the experiment was conducted and who was the participant, and what they drank because the results go beyond our understanding of basic processes. In this case no empirical data can ever be superior to our intuition.   So in your example when you reverse the columns – you're not just simply changing the order, you're altering the entire cause and effect relationship so that the intuitive conclusion is misaligned with the empirical data. But it is not clear at all if the "right" conclusion here is to blindly trust the data even though it goes beyond our intuitive understanding.   This is the old argument between idealist and empirical philosophers, you being an empirical will always rely on empirical data, but any positive science has a fatal flaw – the postulate that all conclusions must come from data does not itself come from data and so it is not supported by anything, and hence just an axiom.   Empirical knowledge can change every day with new evidence, idealist knowledge is more permanent.
Maybe people who saw the gun control stats already looked at other evidence that heavily leans to one conclusion. So seeing this 1 "new" study might not sway their overall conclusion so they are more biased to interpreting the new evidence through their already well-reasoned position  Like if I saw 11 studies showing gun laws reduce crime, and someone shows me 1 study showing the opposite, I might be looking for confounding variables why this 1 study came to another conclusion instead of throwing away the other 11 studies and their conclusions
I like your videos but the titles are just misleading. Video is about people who are blinden by their beliefs and are not intelligent enough to see through them and in the end are picking what they want to be true. But  this is not reserved to "smart" people, because everyone on the chart are doing it, so saying "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse" is just one of the lowest clickbaits, and I hate it
Black Mirror: Season 1: Episode 2. It's not the future. It's now.
9 developed tinnitus with J&J, 0 developed tinnitus in an equal sized placebo. Tinnitus is NOT accepted as being related in the US. This outcome has 1 in 500 chance of occuring. Europe had no problem deciding it was related.
These examples are not all that similar, despite the numbers in each cell perhaps being the same.  I wonder what the result would have been if they really were similar. For skin cream, the  unit of observation is clearly the individual, and I think you explicitly said it was randomly assigned (leaving me to wonder why the split was not more even).  For the gun control, the unit of observation was apparently cities, which are not individuals. And I don't think you said it was randomly assigned, and if you had I would immediately not believe you as that is deeply implausible.  Also what what kind of crime are we measuring and how are we measuring it?  Are all of his examples of this nature, where the non-political questions are simple but the political ones are only preposterously pretended to be simple, in ways the more sophisticate reasoners can easily see through, leaving them with no much to go on but their existing biases?
Why is the title of this video not related to the content?
where liberals doing mental gymnastics when the data suggest that more guns is more better?????? oh right we can only show conservatives doing that.
is the issue that intelligence (being "smart") predicts not being able to perform on a task ("doing worse") or is it that intelligence (numeracy) predicts polarization simply because it is being disabled in a subset of the high numeracy population, whereas in the low numeracy population IT IS NOT PRESENT AND THEREFORE CANNOT BE DISABLED?  the title of the presentation seems a bit misleading?  to me smart people are not "doing worse," rather they exhibit a trait that is being selectively taken off line by the politically relevant discriminative stimuli.  in the "less smart" cohort, this trait (numeracy) DOESN'T EVEN EXIST SO OF COURSE IT CANNOT BE TAKEN OFF LINE, and so of course we don't get separation along political party lines in this cohort.  something has to be present to be disabled.  the low numeracy people are unified by their LACK of a skill.   to me this is very different than saying that smart people do worse.  high numeracy people are just as unified as a cohort as long as the unifying characteristic (high numeracy) is functionally active.  but of course you can cause separation in that cohort by presenting appropriate discriminative stimuli, JUST BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE TRAIT THAT ALLOWS YOU TO CREATE THE SEPARATION.  the low numeracy cohort just doesn't have that trait, so of course you can't "use" it to create intra-cohort separation.  would you agree?
The thing about this that gets me is that all you have to go off is this simple graph. There is simply not enough information to answer definitively. How bad were the rashes? Does the rash cream have any common allergens in it and were all of the participants not allergic? What kinds of crime changed depending on the gun control and what exactly was the gun control? It's just way too broad. I wouldn't give an answer without clarifying that first.
Talking about politics without considering the role of the military-industrial complex and its control of the “news” media is repulsive  Most of the tribalism discussed here is manufactured by think tanks to create support for war. The solution is to oppose profit from violence without any compromise
I am so sick of scientific studies lumping the entirety of political opinions in to “liberal Ds” and “conservative Rs” There is a much greater diversity of political opinions and it is borderline to intellectual dishonesty to continue to do this. At the bare minimum, there should be at least three different categories on which political orientation should be measured: economic centralization, social and civic policy, and internationalism v nationalism
Who can watch this and still think “Yup, Democracy is still the way to go.”??
Ok, so tribalism is a plausible explanation for the results shown. However, wouldn't Bayesian reasoning be at least as plausible? I have virtually no prior belief about whether a particular skin cream works; therefore, I am able to base my answer almost entirely on the numbers shown. I do have a prior belief on whether concealed carry guns reduce/increase crime. That belief is based on many other studies and analyses I've read, as well as personal experience and "common sense". Tribalism may factor into that as well, but it's not obviously controlling. Presenting me with contextless numbers on that particular question may influence my thinking at the margins, but is unlikely to convince me to change a belief based on piles of other evidence. To take this line of thought to a logical extreme - imagine that the study presented the exact same numbers for "red objects dropped" vs "blue objects dropped" and "objects fell" vs "objects floated away" and then the interviewer asked "Does this study show that the color of an object affects gravity?". Since we have an extremely strong prior belief that the color of an object does not affect gravity, it is entirely reasonable for us to reject the study entirely as flawed on its face, even if it appears to show such an effect.  Is there a tweak to the experimental design that would help tease out these separate explanations?
It would be interesting to lnow if the same happens in another part of the world (outside the USA).
When you say there is no solution, I would say  it's not a problem at all. Human are what they are they are not going to change.   There is nothing good or bad about human behaviour, there are only sides . Like flip side of a coin.
I'd like to suggest that the primary reasons for making one decision over another are simply defined by how good we feel about it. We think or sense something we like - and the brain feels pleasure or pain, to varying degrees. Choosing column A or B is also a decision, and we'll make the decision based on how good or bad we feel about it. The more numeral or scientific or maybe engineering the person's mindset - the more the accuracy of the calculations and the soundness of the process factors into the pleasure/pain we feel. There are also other factors, such as political alignment, that could factor into this decision. If you assign colours to the choices, then another factor may be how much the person likes or dislikes the colour associated with a choice.  To build on top of that, perhaps people with higher numeracy tend to have stronger feelings about the axes involved in a political topic. Surely, if you make a group of only people who don't know or care about politics, then the distribution would not show a lack of critical thinking. So, I like that there's a correlation being pointed out regarding numarical accuracy VS strengh of political motivation; but I think that there's a simpler unifying factor here, and it can be used to de-bias or simply invalidate a lot of our conclusions, or maybe to just observe and analyze the same issues, especially social ones, from a different perspective. Perhaps, it could offer a rational way to think about the irrationalities of human behaviour.
Interesting. But there's something else at play here that I'd like to see explored. Nobody had any preexisting data or findings about the creme, other than some having a general idea that cremes are more likely to help. Most numeracy literate people are likely to have reached their conclusions based on previous review of different studies and data points. To control for preexisting bias due to other data on the subject, I'd love to see the results of comparing the no name creme to the same study of other cremes and medications to see if it's actually political or due to trying to reconcile new data to old. For example, have your control group where it's not named cold medicine. Then, have another where you ask their preferred cold medicine, then pull out a chart listing the brand they have come to trust after first hand experience and ask them to analyze it's effectiveness.
So it's just about biases, kind of wish I didnt have to watch half the video before realizing it's clickbait.
I got the skin cream one right. It was easy, and it takes intelligence. Nothing about that question makes smarter people do worse on it. Smart people will get it correct because they think and use their brain.
this is one of the most important videos ever uploaded to youtube
and because any idiot knows criminals don't follow laws, let alone gun laws. DUH!!!!!!!
We believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe?  What if we choose our tribe due to what we believe?  I don't see the evolution argument as having validity here; it's totally supposition for social questions.  One can make a study find any answer one wishes to find, just as one can make learned data fit nearly any conclusion one desires.  Good advice at the end, however; which has been summed up well in the past:  treat others as you would be treated.  Listen.  Try to understand.
My intuition was "if drug makes more people worse it's probably worse" but I assumed both groups were equal. But whether both groups were same size was not given
Anyone who would not do a quick ratio in their head on that first question is not a smart person ergo i'm not wasting my time on the rest of this video as it makes false assumptions and is flawed from inception.
take out you phone x/(x+y)*100 get the percentages its not that dam hard
I would like to point out that the gun example is NOT the same as skin cream cause with skin cream it was presumably a study with a control group that would persumably eliminate confounding varavles and in the gun example it was a correlation that potentially has a million confounding variables. If the skin cream example was observational data the answer in the first case would very reasonabley be that people use skin cream on the worst rashes so who knows if the cream works or not.
Political motivation converts numbers into a favourable story - this overcomes the ability to calculate percentages. Amazing.
Maybe because im just watching but i knew the answer was nothing just because my brain immediately went to percentages and realised even with the math being done that the percentages were very close. They actually work out to be 78% on cream group and 83% on non cream group, which is really an insignificant number to separate so its clearly better to do nothing at all
This video full of propaganda
Chicago
My step son high IQ Mensa member still does daft stuff!
Wylie is a real name?!!!
I'm objectively considered as smart (no bragging, my IQ is 131), and I directly noticed that the cream was not working (about 2x improvements versus more than 3x more worsening for the cream group).
Tldr: if humans didn't have some reptile brain leftover we wouldn't elect a felon
I calculated the percentage of total users who improved from not using the cream which is approx 83% compared to those who improved by using the cream which was around 74%
I kinda feel that the more representative title of the video is "Biases affect our interpretation of data"
Most people falling into Tribal thinking: 😵‍💫 People on the spectrum with this one super-power: 🙂‍↔️
The real lesson is that both Republicans and Democrats are equally flawed with their reasoning, despite both group thinking the others are the "dumb ones".
The fact that climate change is political in the first place is the problem.   If you wish to dismiss an opponent, make their talking points a matter of opinion, rather than facts.   At that point it doesn't matter much anymore. You have to prove that you are right and you can't because the scale at which climate change happens is counted in years and globally, two things humans are really bad at understanding conceptually.
in Turkiye they did street interviews with conservative erdogan supporters and asked them their opinion on new church opening event saying that; "opposition party leader has joined church opening and stated that more churches should be opened in the future".  and conservative people comment that, it is what is expected for opposition party to side with christians, they cant be seen in mosques, they show their true color etc. BUT the reporter instantly corrects himself that it was actually erdogan who joined church opening and it was his words - people change their words "he is the president of all people, if he is doing it he is right"...  peoples political views do not change on subjects. possibly they have 1-2 good things they appreciate and value more, so they tend to accept and support irrelevant and even controversial stuff although they would never do it on their own.
An excellent video. Appreciate your work!
wow what an eye opener, thanks for this amazing production
The conclusion at 9:13 is wrong. People shouldn't change their mind based on a single study, that's not how science is supposed to work. If they have a personal belief that's based on many thoughts/studies/experiences, then a single piece of evidence should at best pique their interest in the topic, but certainly shouldn't make them instantly change their mind
Simple math: 'Cheeky Title' divided by 'Loaded Question' = 'Click Bait'! Derek, you're better than this.. you know we'll watch your vids regardless.
This video justifies why the electoral college should exist and why it doesn't matter that college educated individuals lean left. Most people are just part of a hivemind, so it makes sense to assign proportionally more power to less populous states. If you look at political leanings by college educations, you can see that the percentage of "consistently conservative" people is constant across education levels according to Pew Research, but the proportion of "consistently liberal" people to "mixed" (centrist) people is much higher among college grads because they're taking advantage of their tribal mentality and indoctrinating them. I also do get the irony in making this comment since I'm using the evidence video to support my existing beliefs. In any case, Trump won the popular vote this time.
Humans have never evolved past tribalism, not physically and not socially. As a highly educated, high-numeracy anti-social I find that painfully obvious everywhere I go. And the polarization in the modern world has made it even worse. You are always forced to pick a side and stick to it and if you go against that you're immediately cast out by all sides. It's madness.
Politics makes us dumber.
Find the whole concept of that experiment strange. With no data on "X had no effect for Y people" that matrix seems worthless and inconclusive.
I am to dumb to calculation proportions without a calculator, but 75 is higher than 21 and those numbers represent rashes getting worse so I guess the skin cream makes things worse.
5:37 Is it more proper to say "there were two variations" or "there is a/one variation"?  I tend to think it's as follows:  "Here's the issue, and there is one variation of the problem."  "So how many different problems are there?"  "There are two variations of the problem in total. The original and the altered one."  But let me know if you agree or, especially if you disagree. Let's have a literary and mental *check-in.* Ahhhh yay! So much fun!
Never wanted to watch a video in .75 speed
Are the number of people using cream and not using cream same ?
You will get different results if you give people the time and space to sit down and think it through. Not everyone is a quick logical or lateral thinker on the sidewalk. You ask for an analysis of study results without structural study. It's actually a trick question :-)
The title should have been "This experiment confirms political bias"
Thanks!
My dude looked at the data pragmatically :)
This is so important video!
Actually it got much worse now, due to Woke movement. People react more to feelings then evidence. Society is regressing due to Wokeness.
My mistake was not realizing that the control group had way fewer people, because I soehow assumed many people's rashes would stay the same thus not be counted.
I recently liquidated some long-term positions and now have about $250k to invest. Do you think Nvidia is still a smart buy, or have I missed a key buying window? Any recommendations for high-performing stocks would be appreciated.
The best videos on YouTube are from Veritasium.
So, you basically have proven (again) that most Americans are idiots?  They already have proven that themselves this week when they elected a moron criminal to represent them (again).
I am smart 🤓 but i answered it correct
3:03 typical maga😂
cities is hardly a good metric. People affected by policy, maybe. It could be that they are the same in this case, but the odds are not great.
Rationality is the servant of intuition. It is the folly of the enlightened to assume rational foundations where passions lie. These were the succinct observations of David Hume in his 1739 publication, A Treatise of Human Nature. It would seem that this nature remains.   “In every system of morality, which I have hitherto met with, I have always remarked, that the author proceeds for some time in the ordinary way of reasoning, and establishes the being of a God, or makes observations concerning human affairs; when of a sudden I am surprised to find, that instead of the usual copulations of propositions, is, and is not, I meet with no proposition that is not connected with an ought, or an ought not. This change is imperceptible; but is, however, of the last consequence. For as this ought, or ought not, expresses some new relation or affirmation, ’tis necessary that it should be observed and explained; and at the same time that a reason should be given, for what seems altogether inconceivable, how this new relation can be a deduction from others, which are entirely different from it... ...Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.”  Hume, David. A Treatise of Human Nature. Edited by L.A. Selby-Bigge. 2nd ed., revised by P.H. Nidditch. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1978. Book III, Part I, Section I, 469; Book II, Part III, Section III, 415.
I got it right 😧😧  My logic was: around 25% of people had their skin rashes worsen with the cream, while around 16% who didn't use the cream had it worsen.  Edit: So basically, dumb people still do worse? They fail to see their confirmation bias in their thinking, so they justify their opinion by wrongly interpreting the data
223/298×100 is 74% improvement and 107÷128×100 is 83% improvement so it worsened it
13:40 ohh apple and oranges.. yea i remember that one study 😂
"if we start listening to each other to understand instead of to react then the world would be a better place"
The table doesn't work for crime. I rather have 50 crimes and a 0 decrease in crimes than 100 crimes and 30 decrease in those crimes.
epistemology, how do you know what you know? it's not possible to question every little bit of knowledge that you have. you'd spend your whole life on that one task and never examine even half of what you need. instead people have to find sources of information that they trust to help sort though the knowledge. from these trusted communal information sources, people develop mental models about the way the world works, which we call a bias. these biases are there to help one quickly sort though information on their own when they do not have access to a trusted source. ideally, this will allow us all to stand upon the shoulders of giants, but in reality it can be hard to tell what is a good source and what is a bad source. figuring this out is another thing you could easily spend your whole life on. so instead we have to rely on trusted sources to introduce us to other trusted sources. the more sources that you trust that believe a piece of information or a source it trust worthy, the more likely you yourself are to also trust it. it's like a kind of primitive peer review.
I think the "conclusion" here is terribly shaky.  The video opines that the reason for getting the "wrong" answer about the data grid increases with numeracy (when the fake study results are attributed to some partisan topic) is because people are "being tribal" or "the answer is threatening to their ideology".  I think that's a leap.  First, I suspect you'd get similar results on any topic, even non-partisan ones, that people have a lot of experience with and already have well-founded conclusions about.  Try giving them "data" that "indicates" that, say, getting less sleep actually makes you more rested, and see how much resistance you get to anyone giving the "right" answer (the one that corresponds to the fake data but not to lived reality).  Second, most people understand that correlation doesn't equal causality, and the fake data grid only demonstrates a correlation.  There will be little resistance to rolling with the correlation when it's a random thing like "unnamed cream X vs rashes", because there's nothing else to go on aside from the numbers, but the moment you put it into a context of anything real that people know is a complex topic, suddenly they'll start to look askance at the alleged one-off study results, start to legitimately discount the strength of those numbers, and begin discussing the myriad of known confounding factors.  And the more numerate someone is, the more they'll be aware of these kinds of complexities, and how reckless it is to decide an entire topic base on four numbers from a simplistic study of unspecified methodology.  Finally, the video implies that if someone is unwilling to accept one piece of "evidence" as some kind of final word on a topic they've spent years developing a position on based on a countless amounts of prior evidence, that this is somehow "irrational" and "tribal", but it seems to me it's the opposite.  It's entirely rational to not flip your entire understanding of something based on the 999th piece of evidence you encounter after considering the prior 998 you've looked over and been basing your position upon.  Seldom does any subject have a "silver bullet" piece of data that justifies throwing away all of what you already know about it.  Epistemology doesn't work like that.   In summary, the more numerate someone is, the more likely they'll understand the pitfalls of correlation studies, and the more they'll legitimately push back on those grounds if the (fake) study results fly in the face of the weight of the (real) evidence they already know on the topic, regardless of whether it's a political topic or entirely non-partisan one.  Conversely, if the (fake) results concur with what they already know on the topic, few will bother to contest the implications of the correlation, but even then the more numerate people will be less likely to fully affirm that the "right" answer is an entirely justified conclusion based on the meager data (thus the wobbly graphs whenever the topic is a "real" one and not "brand X cream").  TLDR; Things are seldom simple, there are "yeah buts" in nearly every non-trivial topic.
Is numeracy synonymous with intelligence though?
Phenomenal
MARATHA🔥 9:28
NPC mindset
You can't say you're apolitical and also have a blue logo!
A fantastic video, thank you so much for this.I wanted to do more than a thumbs up. Timely and helpful.
We really need to start adding bias recognition and pitfalls in school curricula
Thanks for this ! I am working on consumer behaviour and observed similar effects on how consumers perceive and interpret marketing strategies depending on their own preconceptions about the brand, market or even their support of ecology, regardless of the actual content of the strategy tested. This will offer some interesting theoretical explanation for what I observed in my field.
My final thought on this video is that Americans are brainwashed
Important first step to falling of a cliff, well ain't that nice.
9:36 No, that is not rational, what you say next has nothing to do with the word. Those are irrational beliefs, driving irrational thoughts, only. The word defines a method of thinking, not the result of it. The popularity of irrationality doesn't make it rational.
I went way too deep hahaha. After calculating the proportions I asked myself: 'okay, now what are the standard deviations and what is the appropriate test?' haha.  What does bother me a little is: there is no placebo cream. Don't they regularly do that with testing for medications? To control for other effects.
Ranked Choice Voting failed in 7 states (Idaho, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, Alaska, and Missouri), and I hold you, Veritasium, responsible, for badmouthing the amazing system in front of millions of intelligent viewers. At least it passed in DC.
🙂‍↕️
The title of this video is very missleading
Is this a new inverse IQ test?
Politics makes people stupid. There I saved you 15 minutes.
So the study was how your bias affects your reasoning ability.
Wish there would also be a blind financial statements analysis then you'll discover companies that claim to be sitting in tons of gold but doesn't reflect in its financial statements the revenues to justify such claims. 😊 It's just an overpriced piece of land, sorry to speak out about it. Just think of it this way, you could've lost even more money if you didn't knew you were duped. Don't be angry at the whistleblower. 😊
Tribalism causing conformed thinking or opinions in politics applies to the dems that are on the far end of believing the communist utopia is actually possible and be open to try it again, and the conservatives disperse outward cause they have to to get a more free life and society that voted for liberties like guns and the 2nd amendment…but yet are very independent and self reliant compared to the commune believers that believe high taxes are good(for “free” cheese and everything) that everybody has to pay for with zero choice.  Putting numbers to a free and less over regulated society vs a not free “well meaning” no competition government like socialism or communism (which are nearly exactly the same) is not a good way to demonstrate the historical and living knowledge of the two societies that are in complete competition with each other and the one is notorious for making up its own stories to serve its purposes because it can.  Commie bad.  Competition good.
Click bate title. Should be “people do worse on questions that do not allign with their beliefs”  But this guy is laughing all the way to the bank with this click bate
Went from curiosity to interesting to mentioning politics making it entertaining to them mentioning gun control which made it a comedy act😂
Who's watching this after the election?
Yeah, i mostly like the conclusion here... But it seems incomplete. I'd think it's because people already think they know the right answer. So if they're not totally sure about what they're looking at, they're likely to take the mental shortcut of going with what they already think they know and rationalizing from there. That would be my only critique of this. I would try the same thing with non-politicized fields of science. Ask some scientists a question related to their field, but the conclusion by the numbers is just wrong. I bet you'd have a similar result of people rationalizing themselves into giving the wrong answer for the data on the sheet (but the right answer for what they already know to be the case). But then ive always been the one getting in trouble with my friends for being insensitive about how i see things, so maybe thats just my own biased view of the results.
good video bad title
Video was great, but why in the hell you would use a Indian clip ( @9:28 ) ?? I see it as purposely used clip to portray India as right wing country specifically Hindus. Which it definitely isn't
I like to think that if asked, I would actually look at the numbers and do the math. But I can't be sure - I saw the setup here, I wasn't out in the field at that moment like the participants. And it makes a huge difference, as they demonstrated.
How do you know their numeracy score?
It made it worse, I'm commenting before seeing the actual answer. I calculated it through taking percentages.
I would respond: this test is unfair due to the different amount of people on each side.
Bipartisan politics is doing exactly what they want it to. Dumbs people down.
It is fascinating how this comment sections provides more evidence to the study.  ‘Why does it say improved vs worsened’ ‘There are many other factors when it comes to crime’ ‘People need to trust the data’ ‘It was more obvious the skin cream data was fake’  All the researchers were asking was does the chart show that crime worsened or got better. It is not asking about the validity of the data. As shown in the video through the anecdotes and charts, many people just ignored the data all together. I thought the methodology for this study was quite good.
Oh yea don't question macroevolution, you'll definitely jeopardise your place in society. ;)
Difficulty level :american😂😂😂😂
❤❤❤thank you so much
So people not believing the data from a fake study is a sign of something bad now? Why should anyone believe they aren't being shown a fake study all the time?
How you measure curiosity?
The problem is that there are people who have agendas and they manipulate ’the research’ to generate data supporting their agenda.  Crafty lies are still lies.  Pick a problem and sadly you can probably find a dishonest data set.
Confirmation bias is a hard habit to break. It's human nature to discount things that don't align with one's beliefs.
Political parties are a cancer, whats new? Any one with a barebones critical thinking knows that. Parties are designed to recruit people by making them hate others.
Freakonomics reported on this about 15 yrs ago.  The more educated one is, the better at justifying a preconceived conclusion.  The better he is at finding data to support the view and the more adept at communicating.
How does avoiding the buzzword allow us to address the root causes? How can we address sea levels rising without addressing global warming? Wouldn't policy makers just focus on first aids then instead of performing the surgery that we need?
This is so refreshing. I wish both sides would just talk to each other without name calling and screaming. it's so exhausting
Manipulating people to accept fabricated data feels wrong.
When you politicize it they don’t treat it as a hypothetical anymore. They think you are trying to trick them and include their real world beliefs. Those beliefs are probably stronger in those with high numeracy.
This video needs to be seen by all. SO INSIGHTFUL.
The one thing I’ve found is the smarter you are, the better you are able to justify the worst outcomes imaginable.
What a great video
Incorrectly assuming that the data is correct and has no bias, added to the distortions of political propaganda … will result in arriving at political policies that are found to be incorrect after a couple of decades, whether predictive numeracy is one group’s forte or not.
Whatch "Is Most Published Research Wrong?" and then "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse". Makes even more sense
@9:20 The problem with this claim is that it presumes that the evidence is reliable. It is easy to answer a question about hypothetical numbers if we just assume that the numbers were well collected with proper control and methodology (which is extremely difficult to assume; for example, in the skin cream example, unless you're comparing the efficacy of "moisturizing agents in general vs nothing" your control group should be given some sort of generic moisturizing cream to compare against your specialized skin cream). But the fact of the matter is that "studies" and "numbers" are not at all reliable and are empirically very biased by their creators. A study run by a progressive scientist is likely to conclude that gun control decreases crime. A study run by a conservative scientist is likely to conclude that gun control increases crime. The entire "field" of parapsychology existing demonstrates that you can easily manufacture results from thin air. Awful replication rates in any social sciences show the unreliability of social science studies, paper mills, retraction retraction rates, etc. show that none of this gets any better outside of parapsychology with our vaunted peer review processes.  People are incorrect in their belief that they would change their positions in response to this sort of information, but they are not irrational in their refusal to do so. "Data" on these things is biased accounting by someone with an agenda. It is very difficult to find good data.
I got them all right tho
Now im questioning myself. Thanks Veritasium, i love to be unsure of my identity.
once you introduce political stuff on which there has been tons of research though you are introducing outside factors. gun control has tons of studies. If you read it you already have an idea of if its true or not. A random unnamed skin cream comes in a vacuum and the only info you have is the numbers
10:43 What do we do about this? WE REJECT THE STATUS QUO! Support Ranked Choice Voting. Dismantle the established 2-party system and make our representative democracy full of people that actually REPRESENT the PEOPLE and not whatever corporation pays them the most!
The last part where you state the democrats and the republicans both used official data sets that revealed opposite results on crime increase vs decrease is why I never actually seriously consider any study or data set that anyone uses to argue for their side, because I know almost certainly that the other side can find another official data set that shows the opposite.
im a republican and i can agree that i dont agree
Another interesting video would be to study how much our institutions have changed over the last 50+ years and to highlight how information is gathered, how often certain data sets or important variables are missing, and if who ever funds the collection of the data benefits if it skews one way or the other, especially with incomplete data.
The problem revolves around cognitive maturity. If you combine political themes with what is otherwise a numeracy question, the juvenile will get caught up in the politics and lose sight of what the question is whereas the adult can distinguish "your numbers" from "my position" and will thereby return to what the question is asking. It's one of the major cognitive tests to come out of the Higher School Certificate program in Australia although I'd argue that the Australian approach is highly unethical because what it promises the student and what it delivers are two entirely unrelated things. At the end of the day, people who adopt a belief to fit in have a lot of growing up to do, irrespective of how many years ago they celebrated their twenty-first birthday.
Before I know the answer in real time. At the absolute first glance it seems like the rash improves, but then I noticed proportionally it doesn't, but then my next immediate impression is that the rash made it worse, then I notice there are way less people in the control group proportionally to those taking the rash cream, which leads me to believe the cream actually made things better, or its at least closer even.
None of us are immune to our own personal bias, therefore any question beyond the very mundane is going to be answered by bias first. It is what helped us to survive, because it is a quick reaction. It does not help us think, only react. People need to learn what their biases are before doing any critical thinking, and then they can weed out biased answers and come to correct conclusions that aren't biased.
I got it right... I'm tarded
The book thinking fast and slow, has a chapter on this it explains alot of “mind traps” & fallacies we subconsciously fool ourselves with
It's hard to go against human nature. Then when you introduce the feelings of cognitive dissonance it will be harder still to accept truth.
Was there no placebo in the study? And also, more importantly, what about those who used the cream and saw zero change in the rash? Shouldn't they be added into the math of the results of the skin cream usage?  So if planning to produce and market a skin cream for rashes you find that 70% saw no change in the rash at all, and 25% saw great improvement,  and 5% reported it made their rash worse, you certainly would not invest in this product  to manufacture and market to consumers. Sales would fall off almost immediately with 75% of first time buyers not making a repeat purchase.
The fact that "climate change" is a politically loaded/polarising term is pretty cooked.
I saw it in ratios. You are about 2/1 more likely to see an improvement vs no cream, however the risk is pretty much 2.5/1 in terms of worsening the rash. So you play Russian Roulette with thr creme.
I can't believe you made me watch a political video...... Why mahnnnnn.... Just do science..... Only science.....
Yup, that's why tRump is president.
For the skin cream question, I'm assuming both groups are equal, and that there's 300 (since first group adds up to 298), so in this case, common sense would be that the ones that are not counted is when the rash remained the same, so in the first group 223 peoples rashes improved, and 77 peoples rashes remained or got worse, but in the second group, only 107 peoples rashes improved, and 193 rashes remained or got worse. Meaning the skin cream actually helps.
I have so many problems with the study as you presented it here, especially with clips of the street interviews which I assume is some influencer reproducing it for clicks.  How was the question worded?  Did it ask their opinion with the chart just there, did it ask them, like with the skin cream, to simply explain the graph?  If you ask someone "what's your opinion on X, by the way I have this study here that proves the correct answer is Y" there's little reason to trust or even acknowledge the supposed study, it feels like they're trying to sway the responses with a biased question (which I've had to deal with way too many times answering national surveys).  Lastly, regarding the question of if I'll change my views when I see conflicting evidence?  No, at least not at first.  I don't form my views based on single pieces of evidence, there is often a ton of things that add up to give me confidence that my opinion is correct.  Seeing one thing that disagrees with me doesn't counteract everything else that got me there in the first place.  It's significantly more likely that the new thing is wrong, out of context, or is an exception I can slightly tweak my world view to accommodate.  For example:  Climate change is real, we are in a warming trend.  What about a year that was cooler on average?  Should I change my opinion that I'm completely wrong, that we're actually cooling?  No, it's a trend over many years, individual years are going to fluctuate.  What about that one mountain that has had it's ice cap increase over the last few hundred years?  Still not changing my opinion, that's why it was renamed to climate change instead of global warming, it's a trend across the entire globe, each smaller region will be affected differently.  If the overwhelming majority of evidence suddenly supported a different conclusion, if the new evidence managed to overcome the evidence I already had... well I'd still not switch entirely because now I need to account for why I was so wrong in the first place.  How did I have so much evidence for the wrong conclusion?  That all needs to be accounted for now.  But yes, I will eventually change my mind.
Veritasium and a few other youtubers havd started giving me hope that i haveng had for a very long time. Politics has made md miserable since middle school, because i saw the unintelligable jousting of talking points without effort to come to a conclusive result between people. Ive waited so long, been dissapointed every election as it only gets worse, and finally im seeing people starting to examine this behavior. Society needs time to adapt to change, im glad im starting to see the adaption trend growing.  Were not broken, just sick, and the cure is coming
This is brilliantly enlightening thank you
So if I answer wrong, does that mean I am smart, or am I secretly a Democrat at heart?
Ok nah this video is dumb, come up with better topics
political polarization is awesome. if you want to take away my healthcare you are my mortal enemy
Great example of how groupthink works in real life.
Pausing video on question 223 + 75 = 298 75 / 298 = 25.168% rash worsened  107 + 21 = 128 21 / 128 = 16.406% rash worsened  Cream made it worse.  Unpausing.  I got it right, I guess I'm retarded or the study was wrong on how it evaluates intelligence.
Am i stupid for thinking there were people where the rashes stayed the same, and that both groups had the same number of people, making the experimental product actually good?
2x2 Treat/No Treat table has statistics (for the first example) that differ somewhat calculating relative risk (of the rash getting worse with treatment) vs. odds ratio (which are also different from eyeballing 3x vs 5x) Relative risk   	1.5340 95% CI 	0.9906 to 2.3755 z statistic 	1.918 Significance level	P = 0.0551  Odds ratio 	1.7136 95 % CI:	1.0026 to 2.9289 z statistic	1.970 Significance level	P = 0.0489 I wouldn't have been able to do it in my head but as others noted, having a control group half the size of the treated is not optimal and makes using the statistical equations all the more important
Isn't that confirmation bias?
"the cream, on average, made rashes worse" - No. It's all about how you are wording the question. The cream, undeniably made the rashes better. Using no cream at all just happened to make the rashes even better.
so . .  . did you want Trump to win?
Why don’t we just increase public education funding so everyone has better access to learning things and won’t be as easily swayed by their emotional ties to team sports
Out of protest for what happened with the election I am unsubscribing from ALL American content creators. I know that it won't have much impact, but at least I am following my own conscience. I used to admire the U.S. as a country, but now the U.S. has become the one country that I fear the most, and the worst has yet to come. I am completely done with the American society. It has become a toxic society of extremists, cowards, and lies. The justice system is a complete joke. And for crying out loud your president elect is a convicted felon and worse. (can't say the actual word otherwise my comment gets removed, it is that bad, but yet that same guy who has done what I can't even write can become the president of the country.) And I have enough of it. I do not want that people from such a society are making money when I watch their videos. It is disgusting. Shame on you all for letting it happen.
3:09  I know people like her!!!!! If you say something like "If 55 men who are 250lbs can fit on a boat without sinking it, How many 1700lbs men could safely enter the boat without fear of sinking it?'' And they will answer "No human can reach 1700lbs, that's impossible so this question cannot be answered"
This is just a result of political polarization and arrogant rationalization based on perceived political superiority
Thanks for giving me this key Derek. The effect of tradition in rational thinking...what a nightmare for peace!
Clear case of most people not actually understanding the question.
10:05 Covert sponsorship lol
And this is how misinformation is spread
There is a major flaw in this "study" in that it doesn't take into account prior knowledge. When you are talking about a new product there is no prior knowledge. However, there have been many studies on the effects of gun control. The people with the higher numeracy scores, especially Republicans, are going to be more aware of the results of those studies. So when you show them a fictional study that contradicts all the previous studies they are less likely to accept it at face value. i.e. gun control was a poor choice of subject to prove a point.
Man, as soon as I saw the question, I thought I can't answer it immediately because when I was learning about experimental design and statistics of causal inference, things are really messy even in an RCT setting. There is a lot of nuance that people on average tend to overlook (including myself until I leant that stuff).
Hmm there is also a 3rd issue with this, and that is the that more guns equals more crime that involves guns. It doesn’t mean that there is less crime, it just means that fewer criminals have access to guns.  Changing the law in one city or state isn’t going to affect the ability for criminals to access guns.  You could illegally buy an at 15 here in the UK, but it would set you back around $40,000 or more. A pistol that is more likely to injure the shooter you can get for around $500. And you think ammo in the YS is expensive, wait until you try and buy it illegally in a country where it is strictly controlled, you would be talking $5+ each for a 9mm.  Rich people can afford to be gun touting criminals, but have no need to, and if you have $40,000 to spend on an AR15 you really don’t need to use it to mug someone on a street or rob a gas station with it.
I think this has a lot to do with confirmation bias.
Thank you. I've been observing something similar since the pandemic.
The more Educated you are, not the more smart you are.  Don't conflate the two.
imagine i would say to you: Nah thanks and goodbye.
You should have given us the chance to answer before knowing what was going on. I was really disappointed to not get a chance to do the test
This was really excellent! Everyone needs to see it. Congratulations to Derek in staying completely neutral. A more specific  title of this video would be, "Smarter people are more influenced by bias"
The thing is, the number of cities in the USA is not that big (100s?) So when a significant portion of the cities are covered, people start to think in terms of absolute numbers.  For a skin care study, people think proportions as there are too many people in the population. I'm curious to see how people would react if the skin cream question had the same numbers but x 1,000,000 to make it a global study.
I've been saying this for years (as an intelligent person going through higher education who is now finishing a master's degree). The more intelligent and highly educated you are, the better you are at absorbing, rationalizing, and articulating propaganda. I found that as I progressed up the "levels" of education, the more I encountered strict ideological thinking. Where it was at its worst was when I took a doctoral level theory class pertaining to my discipline. I'm studying urban planning, which is essentially applied social sciences. This social science theory class seemed to have a professor and students completely captured by their personal ideologies in a way I don't see with blue collar workers. It's actually why I prefer to debate politics with non-intellectual, even anti-intellectual thinkers, your warehouse/construction site philosopher if you will. They're way more open minded yet still have thought out beliefs and reasoning, unlike the person who is disinterested in such matters or the person who makes such matters their entire personality.
There are NUMEROUS countries where at least 1/3 of the population has guns, and you can hear about a school shooting once every 30 years. In America, you can't have that because of different laws etc. There are states who's law is "if you step on my property imma shoot you and not go to jail for it", and that's enough of a deterrent for any excited burglar. He knows the owner won't hesitate.
Conformity.
Here comes the scientist just in time to save the losers from cognitive dissonance in this election to excuse the why they lose, hahaha yeah it was not that the candidate was bad, dumb and overwhelmingly rejected by the people nah is the political bias that prevented you from seeing the wonders of the candidate, YOU ALL VOTED WRONG!!! hahahah NOPE, you loser lost even the popular vote and congress so YOU ARE IN THE WRONG SIDE OF HISTORY!  you are going AGAINST the WILL of the people.
I call this the domino effect... people tall about politics, religion and economics while having diner... people do not want to find the truth, they just want to fill the silence. If they would want to find the truth, it cannot be done talking and even less while eating... any of topics in these areas are mostly counter intuitive, so it is imposible to keep a mental model in our heads to build a solution nor even the understanding of the problem...  When I face this conversations I always say: do you want to talk or to find the truth? I never get the second, I'm afraid.   The problem is that people base their thinking on those conversations... even though they know the truth isn't in any of them!  Humans are idiots!
People with higher numeracy skills generally understand that poorly conceived experiments lead to misleading results.  So they ask questions about how the population was sourced, how external bias factors were eliminated and so on.  So when presented with numbers that have no real impact (skin cream) - they focus on getting the right answer because the mis-matched population sizes stands out like a sore thumb.  But when the numbers presented are related to something important, they want to dig deeper than just the numbers as they stand.  I think it's an interesting idea and I'll follow the TEDx video and do some more research, but on face value this Ve video was not on a par with their usual quality, and instead came across as a thin attempt to shill a product.  Sad.
The one issue here is I imagine a lot of people are interpretting the question as "Does gun control reduce crime" rather than "Does this data show a reduction in crime corresponds with gun control"  Because sure that study might show that, but I'm not therefore going to completely change my view based on one study, so in a sense to me... it doesn't show that. Not enough so to make me change my opinion
One thing also is not having only two parties or two sides. When there is meny diffrent options then changing your mind a little makes you more likley to change your mind bigger. The issue then becomes the "masses" is more prob do be manipulated.
simple, blindly following "anything" kills your brain.
What about the people who consider themselves bipartisan or independent? Would that give the graph from before?
11:40 Stay curious!
This is a very stupid study, the two cases are completely different and it proves nothing. The mere fact that they got 1111 people is a silly giveaway ljkgahsga
Nice video, Derek!
In defense of the high numeracy people, there are pretty significant differences between a controlled study for skin cream and a comparative study of multiple cities. We can look at the skin cream data and make an assessment of slightly better or slightly worse, but we'd want to dig deeper to find out if different rashes had more success than others, maybe different skin types or complexion. This represents that start of answering a complex question, not the end. But for a city and gun crime? There are so many factors to consider. Population density, poverty rates, education levels, cost of living... Any politician from any party showing that chart would be derided by both sides for suggesting such a complicated issue had a silver bullet.
Now imagine being a guy with numbers which clearly show that civilization is a pyramid scheme... Good luck guy
this is why trump got elected smh
I had right answer. Oh😮! Does that make me stupid😢
This is sorta funny (I laughed when you first said you changed it to gun control since I knew people are polarized) and sorta sad (I have seen people rationalize contradictions based on politics). So I'm not too surprised.
Exactly how does Electric Vehicles solve rising sea levels? When oil is reduced being used for transportation, its price goes down and is used instead in oil power plants or factories. EVs have to be replaced every so often due to its battery. If they care about sustainability they would've made the individual batteries easily swappable. Not to mention, the leader in EVs is building AI whose data center draws tremendous amount of energy and whose space rocket company uses methane as propellant. Issue is people don't really buy the solution. Not that they don't recognize the problem. Shouldn't we halt all mining activities as that releases carbon dioxide and destroys forests and the environment? 😢
Crime Pays but Botany Doesn't merch at 4:49
I belive what I belive to fit in with my tribe. My tribe is the nerds so I belive the most rational thing. I often consider things like: What if the moonlanding was fake? what if the "crazy" people were right? but I use studies and evidence to show that I am beliveing the right things.
How about the "can an airplane take off on a conveyor belt that moves backwards at the same speed" blah blah blah.
0:48 My guess before watching the answer: (new lines to avoid spoiler)            It made it worse.  Firstly why are the test group and the control different sizes? Scaling them to the same size we have: 75% 25% 83% 16% More of the people who took the cream said it made it worse than those who didn't.  However, people may have dropped out of the experiment because they saw no effect or there rash was getting very bad. This might be why the groups are different sizes. I don't know how to account for this. More math?  I have used mathematics. I am worried I got the answer wrong as you said those better at math do worse. 😰
if i get it wrong ill be surprised
Maybe smart people aren'ta that smart 🤷
As a non-US citizen (and guessing I could say I'm unbiased because of it), the problem is bipartisanship, like most of the times in everything USA.
I don't have any political beliefs, or beliefs in general, thank you for giving me a great reason to show people.
Lower numeracy scores were closer to 50/50 like a random guess
pls do a video about Aether Space.
Huh... when it comes to polarization, "science comprehension" and "science curiosity" are independent from each other?
Are you calling me stupid?
I haven't watched it all the way, but I am so excited because I've known the study and could recall it before he told the details. i just love this channel so much I can confidently say, without having seen it: great explanation. And great pic for something to explain too.
The premise seems a bit, do democrats really think less guns equals less crime?  Or is that fewer guns equals fewer shot victims?
Thank you! This is the best.
10:30 deep, saint words.
I have a fundamental problem with this study. In one case, we have a highly measurable problem; where we can deterministically measure the result. In the case with gun control, there are a lot of factors that are hard to measure, such as how often lesser crimes get reported, how many events were deescalated prior to rising to a criminal level, gang violence, etc. And there is also an importance to which types of crimes occur as to whether you would classify the situation as an inprovement. The simple data doesnt really indicate anything of importance, and you can draw incorrect conclusions from it.   I think they should redo this study with a less measurable neutral problem and perhaps with more measurable partisan problems. The results as-is don't convince me, although they are believable.
I'm gonna dislike for misleading title and the heart attack you gave me for getting the answer right.
"Human mind is not rational mind, it's rationalizing mind."
I’ve seen a wash of these kinds of videos lately, and every time it ends with Ground News. I’m starting to think this entire video is a kind of manipulation tactic that you specifically address in this video, and it’s payed for by a news aggregator. They trade off of the idea that you’re more sophisticated or “holier” in some way because you “consider both sides”, but that perception is how they make money- and this seems like just one big commercial for them disguised as a teaching tool. 👎
0:50 Before i continue watching: 1. the cream was used by 298 people, and wasn't used by 138 people.  -there's a little 2 times as many people who used it in that test. 2. Out of the Group that didn't use it the rashes of 21 people got worse and out of the Group that used it 78 wound up with worse rashes afterwards. -It follows that if the cream had no effect on the rashes at all that the number of people, who had worse rashes afterward, would be at around 45 and yet it's at 78. The logical conclusion is that the cream makes rashes worse, of course i could've fallen prey to some logical fallacy i didn't account for. So now I'll continue watching.
The unus annus music really pulled this video together
Part of the problem is when one side or the other redefines an issue and keeps changing the goal posts.  Also when they provide a general statistic without providing the data on how they achieved that stat.  And then there is the skewing of stats which can mislead people to a conclusion that agrees with a specific agenda. One example is Covid.  There was no standard for reporting.  Each state and organization had their own method of reporting which lead to inaccurate statistics which people used and abused for their own political and financial gain.
I have a project I’m working on that you’d be interested in. Need people to talk to about it thi
This is a study in motivated reasoning
as a smart person, (my IQ is probably at least 120), ive learned that  the most dangerous thing about being smart is our ability to rationalize our biases. some smart people arent smart enough to recognize that.
Ground news is biased AF
I’m goin g to do very well on these haha
Well I assumed that there was an equal number of participants in each group and there were a lot of "no effect" rashes in the no cream group.
I already knew this, but this experiment just proves further that I'm more likely to follow the facts regardless of where my feelings fall - I did the math as soon as I saw the numbers instead of paying attention to what the left side was, and then answered.  The actual correct answer here for the first example with it being skin cream (and also with the gun control): The cream had a 74.83% efficacy, with a 25.17% amount with a worsening rash. The non-cream side had a 83.59% efficacy, with a 16.41% amount with a worsening rash.  Just replace cream for gun control, and worsening rash for increased crime rate, and there you go.  Politics has nothing to do with it, and when you're looking at facts, don't think about which side you fall on - take the data you're given and use it to find the facts.  Do that and you'll see through the BS much faster.
Wow. So many people in the comments here exposed themselves as total midwits. It DOES NOT matter what the actual facts and stats around gun crime are; the only thing that matters in this experiment is the (made up) data that is being presented. If you can't separate the two, you aren't as smart as you think you are.
Confirmation bias, Dunning-Kruger, and cognitive dissonance are FAR too common, the biggest problem is kids aren't taught critical thinking anymore. Public schools are teaching WHAT to think instead of HOW to think.
A person is smart.Humans are dumb erratic dangerous animals.  In the great words of K
"And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees; When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand. So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand. Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away. And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares. For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man. (Luke 21:29-36)  ''Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.   (John 14:11)
That means I'm stupid? Damn...
On the  fictitious skin creme question, I initially thought "skin creme" was better than "no skin creme". But for me it was deeper than just "oh that number is bigger". I assume with a study that each group is the same size. If they are the same size, then there is an unknown quantity of people in each group for whom their rash got no better and no worse.
We can be rational if we try skillfully, thanks to illumination from people like Veritasium. 😊
yeah but why would they use a control group that has 3 times less a number of participants? (imagine the control group had 6 participants, 5 increased and 1 decreased - but it would hold no reliability, because with small sample groups it could be coincidence) and crime increased could mean in that city crime increased by 1 crime while decreased could mean in that city it has decreased by 1000 crimes
Your assumption that the people's mindsets in various areas are the same is erroneous. Shove your politics up your derriere.
The influence of politics makes sense; it's switching people's reasoning from numerical-spatial to linguistic, so the logic occupies the discourse space as opposed to what we might call formal logic. As far as I can tell this just provides more reason not to take conclusions drawn from any kind of typical discourse seriously.
Smarter....but still stupid.  I guess I should be thznkful to be insular and tribeless.
Good to know I'm somewhat dumb 👀 maybe I should listen to this more
But, these studies is flawed -  educated people know the real world answer, makes their "incorrect answer" actually more accurate.... as in gun control stops crimes (let alone the rest of the flow on carnage they create for you in the USA).... the study doesn't account for this well known fact in higher educated people. The Dunning Kruger effect is probably more impactful than this flawed experiment imho. PS @8:25 - exactly what i was thinking... "even playing field without knowing the sources" of a table with 2 columns about 400-ish sample size"... well said sir :-)
I have a better one: what's 9 + 10
so curiosity is more open to the truth than mental stubborness. tldw - if you are more curious and open to learning, your political views will influence your intake of knowledge less, no matter how smart or dumb you are.   Belief-stubborness is the enemy of the truth.
If you are interested on biases how they were ‚discovered‘ and brought out of psychology into other sciences, you would want to read ‚The Undoing Project‘ a thrilling story of two psychologists told by Michael Lewis.
Politics makes smart people dumb! Figure that out! We live in a time when people don't choose for the group but only what is best for themselves.
I don’t know if I want to be right on this or not
I think this person had the more intuitive answer 3:00
i think I shouldnt had clicked on this video😂
I have some issues with the test. When I saw the first question about skin cream, a few problems immediately came to mind: 1. How big is the test group?  It should at least be 298 People. If it is 298 People, by using the cream, I have a 75% chance to get better and a 25% chance to get worse. Without the cream, I have a 36% chance and a 7% chance to get worse. For some people, these are good odds to try the cream, beside its bad performance. For other people, the increased risk of getting worse is too high. If the test group is very big e.g. 10000 people. It wouldn't be worth mentioning.  2. Crimes We have another problem here. While I can choose whether to use a cream or not, a gun law also takes away part of my freedom. We could lock everyone in a padded cell and have the least number of accidents or violence. But we would also have an extremely low quality of life. Laws should allow us to live together peacefully with as few restrictions as possible. In addition, a cream only affects those who actually apply it. A gun law affects everyone. Crimes involving weapons can be committed against people who don't own one. You can refuse to obey the law. This tends to be easier for those who are willing to use the weapon for crime rather than for sport.  3. Conclusion The line of questening might be bad. But the study will still have a kernel of truth. When we are confronted with arguments that attack our worldview, we have more trouble accepting them. I once heard that, on average, more intelligent people find it much harder to accept a different reality. In their perception, they would have to admit that they are not as smart as they see themselves. Or, in other words, dumber than a person they describe as stupid.
A few things: 1) I would need to see a chi-square test to test for significance 2) group sizes are not equal which complicates the stats and the interpretation 3) overwhelming evidence suggests that guns are related to crime, fossil fuels do contribute to climate change, etc. which kind of complicates the interpretation of the data. Another point is that people on the left on average are trusting of science and facts while people on the right are not. I would argue that polarization is not the problem, but rather increasing right wing nationalism and distrust among Americans. Why else would millions of Americans think that undocumented immigrants are responsible for the housing shortage?
If u have open minded and can see every persctives u'll ended up with ni believes
Couldn't this also be the result of the fact that if someone showed you gun control effectiveness statistics you'd likely think they're trying to influence your ideology (which is a fairly logical assumption to make), which would probably cause you to reject the new data and use previously gathered information instead? Basically, the issue is that the gun control question has a high chance of being politically motivated.
@8:30 "the numbers are actually not really."      *Guy wearing a suit in the desert:* Does not absorb at all what was just said to him. Refuses to do math.
3:02 our fellow average intellectual right there
I somehow doubt that this study actually measured whether people understood the graph or not. It seems to me just a measure of whether people decided to ignore the graph altogether. Instead of a game with the goal of "can you read this graph?" the graph is seen as a mere prop whereas the goal is thought to be persuasion. In which case, the person is going to assume the graph is a lie unless it confirms their priors.
I got this right D:
im supscribing just because of this GREAT video ( and also the impossible prisoner escape)
I think I’d be more upset I held incorrect views based on evidence than the reluctance I would have to changing those views.
And what does it mean when millions of people vote for a convicted rapist?
This is more a point for "Do not trust any statistics you did not fake yourself". If your test groups are not of the same size you should never compare total numbers of the groups form any results.
This was a great study; it was very unbiased and strict information. Well done!
A man with a camera asks me to confirm something I disagree with. Its not my believes that hold me back, its my rationality making me suspect that he could use our interview as a propaganda piece
Oof, I got the initial question wrong because I misinterpreted the data in a different way than the one initially presented in the video. I consider myself to generally be good at math/science so I am not happy that I got it incorrect. I focused on the data that was missing; there was no information about 1) the number of people whose rashes stayed the same, nor 2) the total number of participants. If I knew either of those, I may have gotten the answer correct.  Since I assumed (for some unknown reason) that the control and experimental groups had the same number of people, I assumed that the difference in people could be explained by a hidden third column where the rashes neither improved nor got worse. Due to that, I concluded that the skin cream was generally effective in improving the rash but had side effects that made it worse for certain people.  If this was a research paper that shared its methodology, I likely would not have made the same mistake.
So the title is misleading. On the question, people with higher numeracy literacy perform worse against themselves if they were asked a similar question, but without a political slant. The group with higher numeracy literacy still performed better than those with lower numeracy literacy, overall. They just didnt perform as well as they should have, because of bias.
One of my favorite lines in a song is "People are not evil, people are just dumb" (original: "Die Menschen sind nicht böse, die Menschen sind nur dumm" by Alligatoah in "Musik ist keine Lösung"). It's a exaggerated, but I always thought that humans (in general) are not capable of rational thinking.
Wow, our ideology introduces biases. Mind is blown
To add to that conclussions, yes, if we all just chimed in and unified in Team Humanity and cheered for the different players instead of the opposite team (all the antihuman irrational people like the ones pushing for green energy but against nuclear), then we'd achieve so much more.
Fun video. Seems to me just a redux on dunning-kruger
It doesn't say how many people participated in the cream study, nor how many subjects noticed no effect on the rash. Being expected to infer that _everyone's_ rashes only either improved or worsened is statistically suspicious.
My answer was that the cream works well however some people may have allergies to the contents of the cream and should be avoided by those people.. and then I realised it was a math question
it's easy not to fall into that trap. just don't fckn adopt a tribe. i don't and it's always hard to understand why people link completely different subjects with one another like it's a given that if you think x about y, you'll necessarily think w about z, when there is absolutely no reason to correlate them. this is specially bad in the US. when someone has a stance in some particular subject, they're somehow expected to align perfectly with a billion other tropes, like it's physically impossible to think about each one individually.
As a convinced Bayesian, and an experimental physicist, I immediately took the ratio and got the right answers. This is a good example of the problem with American education. Probability and statistics should be part of the curriculum from the earliest grades.
Scientists have manipulated and distorted their research, both consciously and subconsciously. Numbers no longer hold their status as the absolute truth.
The only reasonable answer to the poorly-formed question, "did the skin cream make the rash better or did it make the rash worse" is "I don't know". The results from the people not taking cream are irrelevant. But just because more people improved when taking the cream than got worse taking the cream does not mean it was the cream that "caused the improvement", because correlation does not imply causation. Any mathematician that does not have some sort of sceptical reasoning like this upon being asked a poorly-formed, confusing question, should be ashamed to call themselves a mathematician. [So, for example, the question *was not*, "did the skin cream make the rash better or did it make the rash worse, compared with no skin cream?", although perhaps this was the intended question.]
The university intellectuals play an important role in carrying out the System's trick. Though they like to fancy themselves independent thinkers, the intellectuals are the most oversocialized, the most conformist, the tamest and most domesticated, the most pampered, dependent, and spineless group today. As a result, their impulse to rebel is particularly strong. But, because they are incapable of independent thought, real rebellion is impossible for them. Consequently they are suckers for the System's trick, which allows them to irritate people and enjoy the illusion of rebelling without ever having to challenge the System's basic values. - FC
this is the thing that should be taught in schools... or even before schools, time to let go our ancient hardwired reflexes to step onto the next stage of humanity
To be fair, data is easily manipulated and intelligent people know to question the data. Vague words like improved and worsened need to be questioned. What does that mean? Of course belief systems are hard to overcome in people, and I would propose that in the highly intelligent it can be even more difficult to overcome your reasoning when it is based on a lot of data and sources that you trust. One random source that you disagree with isn't going to sway that
It's a very interresting experiment.However I would be very curious if the experiment was reproduced with a problem that isn't based on "probabilities math"  Because resolving  probability problems is known to be sometimes very counter-intuitive, basically there is many problems where depending on the way you rearrange probabilities you can show numbers that intuitively seams to avantage one side the the other. And in many case you have to manipuate rigorous tools like bayes formula to validate the data conclusion. And that whithout considering how the statistics where generated, it's easy to hide experiment bias into the aggregated probability data. Making a single probability number very unreliable without inspecting the entire process leading to that result.  Here in the experiment the data are well formulated and openly fictional, so indeed, it should be easy to conclude. However I wonder if people with high numeracy could remember just enough of their eduction on probabilities to know that they couldn't be trusted at first sight, but not enough to properly verify if they are correct. And thus, distrusting the probabilities, they fall back on their own opinion when the subject really matter.
Political polarization will always happen. People who live in a country are already extremely similar, you just have to look at what you think about when you say "Mexico" or when you say "France". It's all about the "narcissism of small differences" : the idea that the more a relationship or community shares commonalities, the more likely the people in it are to engage in interpersonal feuds and mutual ridicule because of hypersensitivity to minor differences perceived in each other.
…than who?
So in conclusion, "smart" people will exacerbate their own biases
This doesn't really make sense to me. I feel like the skin cream is entirely different than the gun argument. The skin cream is fictional and is a specific product that no one would have prior knowledge of so they would have no previous information to make an informed decision on. There are tons of studies on guns that many people have already been convinced by. So if you bring a study that contradicts the 10 arguments they already had in their mind,  they will weigh the studies and your one study loses out. The cream is such a neutral argument because there are good creams and bad creams in existence so it's believable to the bystander that it could go either way. This is the first they've heard of it. But as for guns, it's not the first time by a long shot. 😉
I'm not American, liberal or conservative... but "believe" is a very light word to use when describing the groups. If you go strictly by the numbers, gun control increases crime. We can argue about other ways to combat crime and violence perpetuated with guns, but numbers don't lie.
Motivated Reasoning 101
bro said "illegal crime" hahaha
The first solution to political polarization that is posed is cowardly, if we only deal with the symptoms and agree to ignore the root causes because some people may get upset? We are talking about the fact that our best science is projecting the extinction of our species here... Do not give these people what they want. See the democrats fighting against the wall for eight years and then trying to be bipartisan and build it themselves, who liked that? They were right to begin with, the wall and mass deportation are horrific policies and you do not beat them by agreeing with them.  The real solution IS to removing corporate influence on government, nationalizing core sectors (resources should support the people, not profit billionaires), redistributing wealth (google the wealth distribution and consider your beliefs) focusing government funding on providing basic needs such as food, housing and education rather than blowing up homes in Palestine for example.  There is no democracy without an educated AND informed voter.
1:49 no no no no no no no. On average the cream did not make the rashes worse. The cream was more likely to make the rashes worse than no cream, but using the cream did not result in worse rashes on average. Using the cream you were still more likely to have an improvement.
The studies this was based on were falsified
The table shown is biased/confusing. Saying that <crime "improved"> can be understood in either direction (it increased or it decreased). The right phrasing would have said "crime occurrences increased" or "crime occurrences decreased". Also the green/red colors don't help, and I get it, you want to throw curve balls but if you want to have good data on your social experiments you need to minimize the sources of confusion.  It is a fun experiment though! It kinda makes sense; and I believe (see what I did there?) that a lot of researchers actually fall into this trap when trying to prove their own hypotheses right. All of a sudden, objectiveness falls off the window. I believe you even made a video about it a few years back.
This is a perfect example of why its so easy to use statistics to lie: Context.  If you had simply shown people the raw numbers, with no labels whatsoever, and asked them to tell you which ratio was bigger, you would have received significantly more correct answers. Because that's a very simple question to answer, even for people that can barely do math. But, by labeling the numbers the way you did, you added the implication of extra context, without actually supplying that context. So it just ended up obfuscating the question you were trying to get people to answer.  If you had asked me either of these questions, my answer would be: Insufficient data. Because, to actually properly answer a complicated question like "does gun control improve crime rates?", you need more than a single set of numbers. You need to know ALL the factors involved in the study. For example: What did the study consider a crime? Is it just violent crimes? Violent crimes involving guns? Were there any other factors associated with the changing crime rates, like the size or wealth of the city? And, did it take into account that suddenly making guns illegal will make everyone that currently owns a gun into a criminal?  But, because its all fake, you can't provide any of that information. So, the person answering is going to have to fill in all those blanks themselves. They have to invent context to make your question make sense to them before they can even begin answering it. And of course that context is going to be colored by their political alignment. Especially if you're asking people that are currently at a political event. They're already primed to be thinking about everything in political terms.  Basically: Many people didn't get the answer wrong, they didn't even answer the right question. Because you didn't make it clear enough what the right question even was. And yet you still counted those people as getting the question wrong, because doing so supported your own bias about the expected results.
"Both sides bad" does not serve anyone if one side is mostly pro-science and another is mostly anti-science.
I wonder how introversion v extroversion affects this - what if you don't have a tribe or don't care what others think? A rare group of people in today's dopamine driven social media landscape for sure, but I do wonder...
People are hypocrites. What a shocker 😂
1:50 is wrong. Your rash is not more likely to improve without the cream. You can clearly see that twice as many people improved with the cream as without the cream. The net improvement with cream was 148 people whereas without cream was 86 people.  And 3:38 is even more absurd. No the skin cream does not make rashes better in the reversed version. 1.5x as many people worsened than improved using the cream.
9:26 Well damn. So, what about those of us who vote third party regardless of the social consequences? We're irrationally antisocial?
I'm interested by the graphs at 11:45 . Surely everyone on the left-hand graph can also be found on the right-hand graph. If so, where on the right is the large portion of democrats that disagree with the statement? Similarly, couldn't this imply that for republicans, scientific curiosity is negatively proportional to scientific intelligence, as the trend flips between the two graphs?
What I'm taking from this is that skin cream causes crime.
There is an other factor to take in account: People evolve their mind with a bayasian-like method. Which means that they have an a-priori likelyhood of some affirmations. So when you present them with a study that go against their current preconceptions, they will be much more reluctant to take t into account than if it reinforces their a-priori belief.
The political results seem to suggest confirmation bias.
Sir i want to make a blog websites as a assignment can i do it
9:12 reality hits hard
There's something wrong with the comparison (or very possibly myself). Although on paper they appear identical with just labels changed, my mind definitely didn't interpret them that way. I think it's partially due to the leading setup and possibly the complexity of the 2nd chart's hypothetical.  With the the skin cream chart and it's introduction, I intuitively envisioned a controlled test, with two, non-overlapping groups, and immediately recognized the difference in sample size. Made perfect sense to me.   But when I tried my best to clear my mind and simulate seeing the 2nd graph for the first time, imagining the concept of cities considering gun control outcomes, it does seem much harder for me to even assess the data. Like my brain isn't comprehending what the chart means and I think it's because there are various assumptions that can be made before you assess the numbers.  When I see "guns legal" vs "guns illegal", I don't immediately know what that means. Were these the same cities before and after (totals aside). Is there overlap in the two groups? Were these measured at a similar time (irrelevant I know)? My brain just can't easily comprehend what this simplification of a very complex problem is.  I think if the second example was structured so that it was clear there was two distinct samples of cities that enacted policies at a similar point in time, then I would have interpreted it closer to the skin cream example and identified the sample size proportions. Instead my brain just sort of froze, trying to interpret it multiple ways.
This was a long way to say "Confirmation Bias"
Me who just took a biostats course immediately jumping to my calculator to compute the OR 😅
Very nice video
The headline is misleading.
I feel like if there were a lot more people like me in the studies, that would flub the numbers a ton. I see positives on both sides of almost every topic, gun control being a big one that has massive positives on either side, which is likely why it's such a big debate.  Really tho, I'd just like people to get along more, I see so many people fighting each other over these things and I'm like: I'm gonna just be over here with a healthy amount of "very little stress" thanks
Who else used odds ratio to solve this?
This was surprisingly fair. I recognized this phenomenon in myself some time ago, and I’ve intentionally removed myself from political groups to the extent possible in an effort to extricate myself from the trappings of tribal thinking. You can never fully escape your upbringing on it, but you can get to the point that tribal thinking is more obvious even when it does resonate with the lingering prejudice.
I think the problem is that most americans are stupid, but at different levels ?! So by comparison some would be smarter than others.  But smart people definitely do not do worse on these simple questions.
The skin cream "experiment" was flawed because the control group should have had a cream without active ingredient (look for the placebo affect ! )
Smarter people are better at rationalization... Shocker.
Could it just be summed up as 'bias affects your decisions and thinking process'?
The only real people knows the answer to the cream is with philosophy , its unsound because both tests have no same amount of testers.
So... ask Americans something they don't have their own opinions on, and they look at the question... ask them something they are opinionated over, and they start pushing their views no matter what. Sounds right. (PS: I'm English, and have the opinion that it's silly to carry a gun around, or even own one unless your job requires it - gamekeeper, etc.)
The nonchalant setup around guns is going to make international audiences so terrified for us here in the states.  😂
Maybe they should’ve tried asking some “sane libertarians”, rather than just perpetrating the two sides of the Duopoly as the only option in this Idiocracy handegg “game” paradigm we lay on real life.
Perhaps this reflects why I'm anti-party, why I don't belong to a party and why I don't vote down party lines.
"I love individuals. I hate groups of people who have a common purpose... cause pretty soon they have little hats, y'know?" George Carlin being interviewed by Jon Stewart, 1997.
I studied at a mathematics faculty which was very politically oriented.   I can tell that political discussions were more irrational as those I can listen at a tavern 😂
End of the day we are all Americans and Its interesting to see the things that divide us so we can come together under one curve. Great work!
11:07 Ok but reacting to rising sea levels doesn't advocate for opposing climate change, so this redirection is a cope It's like saying "domestic violence is too political, we need to approach it by improving how we tend to peoples' injuries"
Americans are some of the most politically driven people in the world. You all need to chill out.
Humans would far rather *believe* themselves "right all along" than *know" themselves to be "correct."
_Politicians lie...which is why smart people question the veracity of polotical/mass media data before even beginning to use that data to make decisions._
the big issue with a lot of people saying theyll change their mind when the facts come out, is that everybody reporting the facts for topic x, y, z has a bias and agenda. so there are never any real facts to go off unless you spend the equivalent of a full time job to see whats real and whats bs. so we just have this loop of people saying theyll believe the facts and change side but then not see the real facts, just the facts through the lens of the echo chamber theyre in and then double down. its tiring
This Canadian loves the US election results.   The only reason people think that are hated is because they heard someone say it.   I care about you as little as I do people who arent like you.   Bloated government bad. .non citizens getting healthcare. Bad.  The people who hate this system the most don't focus on the actual things that matter.
What people call "intelligence" doesn't include rational thinking. I guess rational thinking is the hardest thing to teach.
The skin cream answer is definitely a fallacy
The post factual world is real… and that is how you get a bribing racist rapist dictator as president of the US…again. Well done USA.
6:35 these graphs don’t even have the same area underneath their curves
In light of recent events I think the message of this video is more important than ever
To be fair, the correct answer for both questions is "there is not enough information."
What about people who don't VOTE for the puppet on the left OR the puppet on the right? 🤷🏻‍♂️
Schools pushing trig & precalc instead of statistics
I wouldn't trust the data for the skin cream because the participants for the control group were far less. If you're going to do an experiment like this shouldn't the control group and non control group be the same.
Bra only in America do people believe global warming is not real!!!  In All the other parts of the world there is no dought that humans are responsible for global warming its just that no one does anything about it.
just my thoughts, in regards to people being similar yea makes sense, nature vs nurture argument if we were all taught the exact same principles im sure our political points of views would fall in a smaller band. there would still exist left and right but would be smaller variation. I think, and i hate to get political, that the current political system has been slowly diverging from each other for a while now, and might i add, to the detriment of both parties. both sides see going further right/left as a way of appealing to there voters, however (and this part is a guess, im sure theres research on this i havent read) most voters do lie somewhere near the centre on the political spectrum. And i think if the either party looked at this from a "game theory like" perspective, they would see its in there better interest to lean a bit more toward to the middle.
Too easy questions.  why Americans are so bad at math..or they choose dumb people for video on purpose.
What is "numeracy" though?
Your graphic says "crime increased" and "crime decreased". Whereas the paper you're showing people clear says "crime improved" and "crime worsened". The column headings on the paper can be interpreted either way, depending on if you're looking at it from the perspective of the victim (crime improved = crime rates are down), or the perpetrator (crime improved = easier to commit crime).  I don't doubt the result of your study - it seems intuitively obvious to me. But I really think you should've re-done it with "crime increased" and "crime decreased" printed on the paper. Just to eliminate that ambiguity.
Respectfully, this video is not well titled, and the current title does it a disservice.
"The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data ..."  I think most dermatologists would being their own knowledge into play on the decision of a skin cream, instead of just looking at the results from one study. Most other people don't have that knowledge or experience and so will rely heavily on the one study presented. With issues like gun control or climate change, people do have knowledge and will use that in when interpreting the study.  The study doesn't show what it claims to. The conclusions may be correct, but it isn't, or at least, is poorly supported by, the study.
Holy moly, I didn't know it was that bad.
I guess I’m smart coz I got it wrong…. I just went for the biggest number and was like “that” and didn’t bother to think about how the other group was smaller 😭
Im 75% pregnant
Ego problem if you ask me.  A weak inflated ego cannot stand to admit any fault to self correct.
How dumb do you have to be to   get the cream question wrong 😭
The first question isnt even asked properly - its loaded to deceive.
Does this take into account ADHD and linear vs non-linear thinking?   Because I'm "very bright" and surprised a psychologist when I did a stupid block shape building/matching task quite quickly, one handed, leaning my head on the other hand, and chatting the whole time...  but it took me less than 1 second to get the correct answer about the cream.  Edit...   ADHDers don't always try to fit in with the tribe...  hmmmm....  no fair adding more possibilities/angles to my theories!
The difference between the skin cream and the gun control questions is that people have no a-priori knowledge about the fictitious skin cream but they have a lot of a-priori knowledge about gun control.  If you add a graph which conflicts with beliefs determined by a much larger set of data collected over their lifetime and your graph has no attribution or background it is just flashed in front of them in the street by a stranger then it is completely rational to discount the new information.
I'm confused how a fair conclusion was reached after such little data. Ratio is lower:. Must on average make rashes worse. Did we track the rashes, how far along were the rashes on each individual, what was the most likely cause of the rash, how much cream was being applied and for how long, was it being obsevered or are we trusting the participants not to lie?  Maybe under perfect conditions where the only variable is a broad, non-measured and self diagnosed outcome with no consequences could the "reasonable conclusion" hold up. Otherwise, a more correct answer is "I dont have enough information"  Sick of these crap questions. They are everywhere.
I thought the answer was both :l
As much of a joke as it is, we really aren’t immune to propaganda. It’s proven in our behavior patterns, and so you should take it upon yourself to determine solutions/morals based solely on the data.
This is really interesting study as an intellectual exercise, but I think it had a big flaw in that it doesn't really account for the real world and current political environment.  The data clearly and consistently shows that a "good guy with a gun" doesn't work, and reducing the availability of lethal weapons reduces violent crime (and also suicide rates as a bonus). The science also overwhelming tells us that climate change is real.   I'm not saying progressives aren't also prone to these kinds of logical fallacies, letting their world view cloud their critical thinking, but conservatives are *actively* advocating for science denial and deliberately pushing false narratives to suit their agendas. This is a problem anyone is susceptible to, but which overwhelming affects one side of the political spectrum more than the other.   This is why "climate change" and "gun control" are now deeply polarising - the concepts themselves are not political, but conservatives *chose* to make them political. Gun control in particular is a uniquely American problem; in Australia, our gun laws were implemented by our conservative party, under a particularly conservative Prime Minister. For all his (many, many) faults, he chose to do the right thing and not turn community safety into a political weapon. Unfortunately, we didn't get so lucky on climate change, with the conservative party really only acknowledging it even exists since the last election, but again, chosing to ignore the science is something only one side of politics consistently engages in.
The arrows on the chart are also wrong...if crime worsens that means there's more crime, why is the arrow pointing down, then? Subtle ambiguities like this are part of what causes bad results in so many studies.
This is a day to day way of thinking with many things isnt it? Being biased towards your beliefs, opinions and what ever else from morals to money. When you have to make a choice or give an opinion try to consciously think about the real reason of what your answer is. Its like self manipulation or creating a pathway that works in favour to you without there being anything against it. The best way around this is to be true to yourself and have the idea in your head that regardless of the truth no matter what it is, it needs to be above your beliefs and opinions.
Folks, reviews on Ground news? I haven't seen any video that has a, like, 6 month user review of the GroundNews to see if its actually any good day to day.
Lol, on the graph, where "gun control increase crime" and it's "not correct", you put a dashed line, while all the other are full. You really wanted to show that this was hypothetical and wrong, right? Your bias is showing.
Fighting confirmational bias would be the fist step of many in more than one field.
This isn’t actually a study of people, but rather the outcome of living with untrustworthy reporting sources. One of the fundamental problems with the skin cream vs crime stats, is that crimes stats have been skewed by outside influences in that no matter what side you’re on, you have learned to question it. Skin cream stats are “new” stats to most people, and they have less reason to second guess or mistrust a random report on the street. But when given a topic they are more familiar with, like crime, the external sources come into question.
Us humans are more emotional than we are rational. That is why there are cultures, ideas, religion, politicians and many things we disagree with and sometimes it seems crazy how people get to the other side, but people will often trust their feelings more than they will trust data
I feel question 1 is worded slightly poorly. The implied question is “is the cream better than no cream?” Rather than “did the cream help?”. You must state what you are comparing the cream to, it is heavily implied with the no cream data below it but isn’t explicitly stated. I think it is valid reasoning, if not asked whether it improves relative to no cream, that it did improve the rash as more rashes improved rather than not. Again, it is always based on what you are comparing it to. It would be like saying “will smoking a packet of cigarettes a day increase your risk of cancer?”. It is implied that you are comparing one packet to no packets, but compared to four packets or ciggerates it would decrease your probability of cancer.
So politics makes smart people unwilling to use their math skills and reasoning ability? That makes sense. Natural deception, I call it. People lie to themselves first, others second, they don't even think about it.
jesus christ this is such a misleading title. the real title is "how biases affect quantitative reasoning." it's not that smart people do worse, everyone does worse, including lower numeracy levels
I got it right!! Wait...
Me, getting the question right, thinking I’m stupid, but realizing I did it the right way with the right mindset, then realizing I’m Asian:“ohhhh no…”
If smarter people do "worse" on the question, it's not the people. It's the question.
I don't do math, but I did guess correctly. Math aside it seems like it shouldn't be available with results like that so against. I did have the privilege of the title and thumbnail over these strangers
This is great and all, but I'm already so jaded at this point, I don't care to spend a bunch of time and energy deciphering the propaganda machine.  For what reason? 99.99% of people won't do that, so it's meaningless at the end of the day. Cause it makes me feel "smart" to read 9 different news sources and filter out the bs? Meanwhile everyone else just stays in their tribe.
well the Bible is right though, everything's in the Bible really  PROVERBS 12:15 (KJV)  The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise.
I’m curious how these studies account not just for existing political bias, but existing bodies of knowledge. For example, there have been hundreds of studies conducted all across the world, over several decades, looking into the relationship between access to guns and violent crime rates. Taken together, there appears to be a consistent, strong, and meaningful relationship between restricting access to to guns and lower violent crime rates. If I’m aware of this extensive body of research and its conclusions, and you show me a dataset which completely contradicts it, I’m going to see it as an anomalous outlier and be more likely to dismiss it, not because of political bias but because of my existing knowledge of this body of research.
I wonder how Trump would answer ?
I would like to think I would see through the political bias…. But I’ll bet I would’ve fallen into the same trap.
Manipulators writing notes: 😏
I knew it. I was thinking about why most religious people or people who are politically active, sometimes they debate on stupid things and talk stupidly I mean- as if they are dumb. Instead of gun control they could have changed into something related to religion and you would see how they read numbers differently
9:14 He roasted them hard.
jokes on you ive studied public health unfortunately so this is no fun
…until you realize that the ruling class uses politics and the two parties to keep us distracted so they can keep their power.
fk. (( Seems im a dump. =D
ok it seem like the cream makes the rash 2 times better and 3 times worst by comparing the yes cream with the no cream (200/100 and 70/20). So I would says no. Edit: yes I got it right 😀😐😕
All people are stubborn. Their beliefs are learned over time. It is a significant investment in their own mind and often their time and energy. It will always take more work to convert someone to another belief than to reinforce their current belief because people prefer to be right than to be wrong.  Everyone wants the same outcome. Reduced crime and violence. Reduced impact to the environment. Reduced cost of goods and services. Increased wages and healthcare. Reduced taxes. The differences lie in what we believe will affect these things, how, and to what degree.
Click bait. I have high intelligence and as soon as I saw the numbers I could give them the right answer. It's numbers there are no feelings or politics in numbers. I think this just shows how lazy and mind numb most Americans are. That one kid had to pull out a phone to do very simple math ...
First.  Define smarter!
I'm honestly baffled by this. Even if you're biased for/against the political subject of the question, it's the same math. If somebody came to me with something like that I would answer "well according to this study it would suggest X." Whether or not the study is real or agrees with you, the conclusion drawn is logically sound. Though admittedly if it were something more complex than a single comparison of two numbers like this simple case I really can't say if would fall for it or not. We all want to think that we're different after all
What is very interesting is you might have just found the answer.  Whenever there is a political problem, try to transform into a  non political context, and analyze the data from there.
Thank you for still using the word 'tweet' in late 2024. Noted, appreciated, good day sir.
it's already a bad study off the bat, the sample size should be the same for both groups. Stopped watching at <1.00 min mark.
i wonder what happens if you give the skin cream question to dermatologists and name the skin cream
so the smarter you get, the better you become at outsmarting yourself
I mean this is all great and all, But am I losing my mind or did he dye his hair and beard? The moment I saw him in the video I thought I was watching an old veritasium video from 2011.
Any Indians preping for SSC exams knows how Dumb this question looks😂
wow
This is a really good video that does unfortunately align with my already held beliefs. I do like to think of my self as open minded but I know that I probably am not as open minded as I would like and probably very few people actually are
When talking about gun control,  the numbers don't seem to represent anything. What does 224 crime increased 75 crime decreased mean? Is that the number of cities where gun control was supposedly implemented? How long after the legislation were these supposed studies taking place? Over how long a period of time? In cities without gun control legislation, again, how long is the supposed "crime increase" measured for? Is the increase or decrease statistically significant? With the skin cream, it is much more straightforward, presumably the numbers represent individual participants in the study, but for gun control those numbers don't correspond to anything (which makes sense since it wasn't real anyway).
I like the video but don't like Ground News. I tried it for a bit but it seemed to not address its own bias at all, and was missing lots of news that "both sides" had reported on a lot.
The key factors are education and media. If the US revolutionises that, they'd have a brand new (and better) society in every sense.
You make a fatal flaw in your execution of reproducing the original study at the beginning of the video. The original study compares "people who used the skin cream" to "people who didn't use (any) skin cream" whereas your study compares people who used the *experimental* skin cream to people who *used a control skin cream* -- but you then asked not if the skin cream *improved over the control* but if it did *anything*! Theres no information about what would have happened had you done nothing at all so it's impossible to answer.
This really feels like a mathematician thinking he's conducting a maths experiment but accidentally conducting a social studies experiment. The testee no longer believes they're being asked a simple math question, they think they're being challenged in their views of gun control (and not longer trust your figures).  For example, repeat the same experiment but with these flavors, and see how well participants respond: Attractive female surveyor asking hetro male testees whether the a) male or b) female group have higher IQs based on the samples. Now repeat with a male surveyor.
It's almost as there is a force out there intent on dividing people...     Also Reddit is cancer when it comes to "echo chambers".  Avoid at ALL costs unless you want to sort by controversial and/or troll.
Me, getting the answer exactly the same as what described in the video. So, am I stupid or smart?
So the result of the study is as follows: 'people tend to agree with Veritasium even when the title and respective content of their videos are in obvious disagreement.'
4 numbers is not enough data to accurately asses the situation in either case because the criterea of "increased or decreased" is useless. Who cares if a skin cream   improves your skin 99 percent of the time if it then gives you boils from the plagues of egypt the other 1%? The data as is gives no information on the average effect which is what matters.
Hello confirmation bias.
Worsened
11:30 interesting that science curiosity correlates with belief in man-made climate change. Either that's actually what the science shows or the term "science" has even been politicized.
Sorry to burst your bubble but a huge part of politics is business with people like Elon musk involved. Focusing on local policies and issues isn’t worth the time and money form them and so they won’t care. Buzzwords gather more headlines and help raise more money for campaigns. This WILL NOT change. Welcome to the world of the rich.
Liberal democrats numeracy score doesn't go as high as conservative republicans do.  There's a cap on how smart libs can be!  That's tribal thinking, a lib would look at the same graph and see at the top end they got a higher score.
now this is the real middle ground we needed
Am I the only one who did a chi-squared test on the cream/gun control data?
Why is the slash moved to the top when the question switches to the gun on the video's graphic? It should be at the bottom, like the skin cream question. And why did the wording change from improved/worsened to increased/decreased?  This whole thing is sus.
Here is the problem with what you just did.  You used actual fake data, and Conservatives knew it/smelled it out, everything you did on political beliefs was flawed from the get-go, a lie is a lie.  You also used an issue that has lots of data and historically leftist politicians and activists constantly lie about the issue.  If you had handed me that graph, I would have looked or asked where it was sighted/sourced from and thrown it back at you.  Any time science gets involved in political issues, it turns into biased politically/$$$ motivated junk science...
Great video, thank you.
This only makes sense for questions that nobody really knows answer to - like abortion, gun control, government spending all are more of a philosophical problem with no "right" answer.  It's easy for me to change my opinion on those if data is presented, though to be fair I'm cheating a little - I don't have a hard opinion on those =)   But things like climate change, flat earth, "ufo"/yeti sightings, alien abductions and other such stuff have objectively right answer. It has objectively wrong answer. It's a yes or no question.  I'm not even particularly invested in it, like I don't view it more important than nuclear danger or AGI/ASI stuff for example.  But is it true? Yeah, quite obviously so.  Yeah I might easily change my opinion on gun control, on abortion or government spending or even or which party to vote for - all these things aren't that hard for me.  For example I'd pick John McCain over Obama and at the same time I'd pick Kamala Harris over Trump.  But what is the possibility that we're wrong about climate change? I think of it as a basic scientific fact.
moral of the story: u guys should listen to us anarchists/voluntaryists more since we arent corrupted by our politics
9:26 hello from Hong Kong 2019 Protest
Jesus christ. I thought I was getting away from american politics when I clicked this video.
I did a formal IQ test in second grade estimating I had an IQ of atleast 151, but couldn’t test any higher due to me being, well, a second grader. I actually got the question right.
If the question is “Did the cream make rashes better or worse?”, then the answer must be “better”, because 223 > 75. To get the desired answer, they should have asked “Is the cream more effective at treating rashes than doing nothing?”
Real smart people: Mental math to calculate the percentage of cases the rash worsened vs improved
I think that explanation to this phenomenon does not come from the experiment. People usually does not change their minds based on one data, especially if it is said that the data is fake. Tribal thinkig may be a part of the issue, but in the case of politics many people chose a side that coresponds to theirs believes more than to change believes because of political option they vote for. So while the experiment is interesting, conclusions are random and not directly associated with the experiment.
Fascinating and a great idea for a study
The bigger problem is that the people collecting data will skew data to fit their outcomes. The black professor from Harvard I think showed that police did not have a racial bias and he was shunned from the “open minded” democrats.  I can’t remember the details but it was something similar. He was told not to publish since the data did not support their political view that police are all evil racists.
I learned recently that soft propaganda is the BEST form of propaganda
Most things are at least a little complex..
A big part of the issue is that the data shown to people is often untrustworthy. It's collected and/or presented by biased people with agendas. This taught people to distrust such "data" and rely more on their gut feelings.  See also the replication crisis. It's another reason doubt "data", studies, and "experts", esp in the social sciences.
Funny how you have to pay to know the truth.
you should focus on mathematics and physics , what a shitty video
I think its more likely that people's knee jerk reaction to some data is going to be pretty biased. However, if they sit and ponder the data for longer they will be more objective. So in this case I think context matters.
There's so much to talk about this and I wish youtube had more propensity for discussion than it does now  But yes, many smart people elect not to use their smartness when it comes to their beliefs. We all have biases, we aren't rational beings at all, but people sure love to pretend that they are  It's an insane delusion to think we're rational to the extent of objectivity or total detachment of emotion and bias, yet it seems so prolofic in the scientific communities I've witnessed  Hell, we have a ton of historic precedence for this. Those interested can read on how the concept of washing your hands in the hospital reduces disease spread has been pushed back on and heavily rejected
I think part of the solution to this problem is drawing people's attention to it.  Good job!
There's an easy way to start - delete religion.
I just think people should stop aggressively arguing and start respectfully debating/conversing.
I consider myself to be intellectually curious (relatively speaking) and evidence-driven to the point of principle, and I immediately saw the opening situation and right answer for what it was. I also do not care for political party politics (I'm unaffiliated), and on an online sports forum for my favorite team I often make arguments against popular (usually negative) perceptions that do not hold up to actual evidence. I suspect that combination is not a coincidence, and validates the thinking near the end of the video about intellectual curiosity as a partial solution to this challenege that is worth promoting.  Regarding politics and rhetoric and the benefit of focusing on solutions and policy as opposed to fundamental stances, I can't help but consider the hotbed abortion debate. It pains me how each side of the debate unfairly misrepresents the other to the point of demonization: pro abortion folks who very understandably want to reduce negative outcomes for problematic pregnancies ignore the actual motivations of their opponents when they cite a made-up "control of women"  while those against abortions obviously are advocating for what they see as a second life that demands protection, to the point that they will not fully consider the degree of harm abortion bans can cause even as some of them claim "baby killer!"  It couldn't be more obvious to me that each side is powerfully motivated by a morally good desire - preservation of life on the one hand, reduction of harm on the other - and thus we're faced not with a matter of absolute right or wrong on either end but rather a classical ethical dilemma. The two positions and two motivations are, sadly, largely mutually exclusive, but since the individual good behind each in isolation is undeniable we're logically left with no choice but to admit that neither absolute position is correct...and the only outcome worth pushing for is one of balance, that does the least amount of total harm.  If we could only get people thinking this way, we could shift our attention to identifying the specific abortion policies that best minimizes harm, and thus reach the best possible outcome. Here's hoping!
Nice clickbait title, almost gaslit me into thinking my correct answer of the cream worsening the rash would be wrong too.
I would take a guess and say that some of the political questioned people weren't even looking at the numbers.
Wouldn’t it be worth observing people who don’t align to either political party to act as a control in this situation? to see if there’s actually anything different.
Rash-onal? Whoa
See the funny thing is I bet most of the people watching this got it right because if you are subbed to this Channel you definitely are curious in science and are open to learning.   Love the video ❤
I figured out the skin care question very quickly.   Once politics was introduced, I could literally feel how much harder it was to think proportionally, in order to come to the correct conclusion. That's insane, but somehow not surprising at the same time.
I find the potential interpretations of the various specific lines to be fascinating. If we use the initial graph as a control group, we see that low numeracy results in people be outright steered wrong, well below 50%, meaning that the counterintuitive nature of the data as specifically presented wins out even over random guesses (50%). The steady rise in results as numeracy increases makes sense. On the other hand, it seems like the intuitive nature of cream making things better for a lot of people freed them up to think in all sorts of ways, leading to essentially random results for the bottom half of numeracy before numeracy skills kicked in. In other words, faced with a seemingly surprising result, people tried to examine the data and then results depended on how well one grasps counterintuitive numbers, while the face value intuitive result launched people with weaker numeracy skills all as a grouo into a wider range of (probably qualitative) thinking.  As for the final graph, we see that Republicans faced with the undesired (read: counterintuitive, to them) data defaulted to their assumptions the most, getting worse in the middle (suggesting that some degree of numeracy encouraged looking at the numbers more, but then misinterpreting it) before numeracy reaches an "escape velocity" at the top end that resulted in a steep improvement in performance that still only eventually reached a coin flip.  Republicans faced with expected data saw the most linear improvement as numeracy increased, suggesting the most clear-headedness (and thus a more skill based outcome) for that group of the four. Democrats faced with the expected results appear to overthink things in the numeracy middle before it then catches back up on the high end, while Democracts facing the undesired results basically saw random results across numeracy. That last one to me seems particularly interesting, as there seems some force at play regarding the nature of the group and/or the nature of seeing data that gun control actually raised crime leading to everyone to think qualitatively (and, thus, more arbitrary in result) instead of quantitatively.  Curious!
"Smart people believe weird things because they are skilled at defending beliefs they arrived at for non-smart reasons." - Michael Shermer
Normalising the sample group sizes 107 x 2 = 214 & 21 x 2 = 42 so then the ratios  are 4/5ths & 2/3rds got better no cream & cream respectively. Then we Normalizer the ratios x3 to 12/15ths and 10/15ths then we reduce by a common of 2 so it becomes 6/7.5th and 5/7.5th and we actually determine that neither of them may have done anything at all 😏 this is a potato 🥔
This reminds me of the way data is used to discard some questions being tested for use on standardized tests. For most questions, and as expected, as the overall scoring of testers increases there is an associated rise in percentage who get the specific question correct. Naturally, the overall percentage who get it correct helps determine the identified difficulty level of said question.  However, on some questions there is a curious phenomenon that emerges: there is a DIP is rate of answering the question right among the highest scorers. Why? The understood cause is that there is some kind of subtle nuance in the wording or information of the question that introduces some necessary interpretation, with some interpretations resulting in getting the wrong answer as intended but the right answer on the basis of those alternate/overlooked interpretations. That flaw in the question invalidates it for use, leading to it being discarded in its current form.
Regarding the hypothetical cream test. Is it either improving/worsening or is there also a number for people where the condition did not change? That would influence the interpretation of the data.
I think some good points raised here. Modern technology and unlimited information on the internet has not really solved the basic human nature to reinforce whatever beliefs we choose to follow
Whoa....
America, land of the free. Here are your 2 options. 😂
I would like to know how would they interpret the answers. Gun laws seem to have more factors affecting the judgements rather than face cream thus it is suitable for people making assumptions and going against the simple table. However if data is more robust with more data that supports either side I would say IQ doesn’t really matter.
Why did they chose prime numbers for the big numbers?
Everyone with a college education, or whose parents got a college education, thinks that they're smart enough to not fall for tribalism. Funny enough, it's mostly because they convince themselves that all of their opinions are rational.
The timing of releasing this video matters the most. 🗓️📰 The context and the take-home message of this video is the need of the moment, especially in the current highly polarized world and geopolitics.   Take home message:  "No buzzwords, no villainizing the other side, just taking the responsibility of localized constructive solution" ~ @veritasium  Probably that's what our hunter gatherer ancestors used to do, to solve their problems and continue the cycle of evolution as there were no media to creat polarized bubles of imaginary pocket universes 😅.
Wait so the title should be an affirmation biases, not smarter people…. You just mention that the more literate they are in politics science the more they will have a bias
This is why I don't associate with either side of the North American political spectrum. I believe that a small handful of people on both sides of the political spectrum have a lot of power, influence, and money to gain by us being at each other's throats and grinding the rat race of Capitalism. I believe that we have the capability as a species for everyone to have the right to choice over their own body. We have the capability for everyone to have access to sufficient food, water, and shelter. I believe that almost every major issue facing western society, and much of the world, could be solved if we stopped pursuing a profit as the sole economic motivator.
1:40 I understand why you are setting up like that because that's the only way for this study to work but why proportional increase is being seen as the correct way of thinking.  If the numbers are not 21 and 107 but 1 to 15 then we would see a 15 times increase, I don't think it would be fair to say no cream is better in this case
lol I do logical math so this was easy still in accelerated though
Interesting video
Crime pays but botany doesnt shirt!
Not much for ads, but I will say using Ground News has been amazing. Seeing how things are not just covered from the US political landscape but also the rest of the world and seeing how the same story can be told several different ways that makes the various "us" groups appear better to the "them" groups.  We're all biased. The best we can do is acknowledge it and strive to be objective while being open to our own failings. That's the only way we grow.
I’ve lost all respect for the FBI and the DOJ!
Serious question. How did u reverse grey hair?
"Everyone wants to believe that they are rational, that they could change their beliefs in light of the evidence"
The title of this video is misleading. It’s really about how political and tribal psychology affects logical thinking. I was expecting it would be questions that intelligent people have trouble solving because of overthinking etc… that less intelligent people are more likely to get right.
Conflicts of interests in its core.
"All I see here are people who will continue to hold partisan beliefs regardless of the evidence, all the while deluding themselves into thinking they came to these beliefs via an independent, sober consideration of the facts."  This is a perfect way to express what is going on here
People believe what they want to believe and then rationalise their beliefs as having an external veracity.  nothing new.
Whole episode is a add
3:05 this woman enrages me to a point where I can't explain it
It’s nice to paint the optimistic idea that we’re all actually very similar, but it seems like the problem is that we’re all similar in the ways that keep us from being able to cross over to the other side.
I think using modal logic would solve this issue of bias. If evidence is true, then conclusion. This can be used anywhere without asserting actual truths.
I don't know why republicans and democrats disagre so strongly, they're partyes have basic tje same agenda: a government by billionaires to billionaires.
Incredible video
"I don't think the numbers mean anything to me" yeah that's the average american
Awesome video - great evidence about how self-justification could be a stronger force than simply perceiving reality.
It is almost as if something as complex as social phenomena cannot be looked at through simple numbers. It is rarely a direct cause-and-effect game in social sciences; people are used to the other side throwing doctored statistics with an aggravating frequency to the point where it is desensitizing.
Politics are more subtle than your theory of tribes and opinion are based on philosophical views not scientific facts.  Because of this notion you propose now we know who you support,  sadly for you Kamala lost. :)
Is it politics or things that people have opinions about because it’s in the zeitgeist. Let’s see non political hot topics like: veganism makes you health. I bet you’ll get blind impassioned responses same as politics.   My thoughts are people get wrapped up in others in general and take things personally when others see things differently. People also distrust someone with conflicting beliefs especially those beliefs that are held onto by blind confidence/potential arrogance.
Oh my god I was just thinking about the cream. After I got it right I figured “smart” Kamala Harris supporters would get it wrong
I got it wrong but it’s only because I over thought it and deliberately didn’t think too much and chose the intuitive answer. If I would’ve thought about it I would’ve gotten it right :( I’m too stupid for the stupid test
Yeah weird how that thr FBI revised their data and you're not talking about it?
You believe what you are told
You are doing important work. Thanks
Great video, thank you!
It is better to take action based on your own beliefs than to believe in someone else taking action.
People should weigh their decisions on principle rather than relying solely on statistics. The right to bear arms, regardless of whether statistics show an increase in violence, must remain a right because it is inherent to the individual, derived from the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and property ownership. Climate change is obvious, but is it natural or unnatural? Is it good or bad for the environment? And is the proposed solution worse than the problem that climate change supposedly represents? Never mind that it’s being used as a political tool. Let’s not forget the saying: “There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.”
You said politics and Im sorry but Im tired children arguing over a ball everyone should share. I cant make it through your video.
I dont think the reason is tribalism... it seems more reasonable to attribute it to the level of trust we have in numbers vs whats the previous knowledge the person had on the topic. Like, if you replaced the cream effect on rashes with the effect of punching someone in the nose till unconscious and their health improving, i think nobody will care about how proportionally it might look like punches help health..  it also seems reasonable to assume that someone smart would also be more likely to factor in the information he has on the topic instead of just blindly following the numbers.  The study is intentionally assuming that its about tribalism when in reality its just about preconceptions.. its just that different tribes (or just.. groups of people) have different preconceptions. But that does not necessarily have the tribal implications that are made here. If you wanted to how that living amongst certain people might make you think like them, then
Good numerability even with bias still leads to more accuracy. But not as good as expected
"Smarter" people, or "educated" people?  Big difference.
This is a bad definition of smart people 😂
I’m very curious if one group or the other is more resistant to the entrenched beliefs effect.  I suspect that there is not, and both groups consider themselves impervious to that kind of logical mistake.  Your point about the rationality of tribes is extremely insightful. This channel consistently surprises me.
I think it is the worst video you made ever. In the first group 1/3ade better and in control group 1/5 got better. And since 1/3>1/5 , then all video is wrong. Am I right?
The graph and experiemnt is misleading first of all. My first thought is why was the control group so small?
Very good experiment
Make this mandatory curriculum in Canada....
Asking the politically stated question (guns) in political gatherings like we see a lot of in the video (maybe it was shot on election day?) obviously cues people into answering in a political context. A lot of those people would have probably answered correctly to the gun question had it been asked in a math test, because you're primed into using analytical reasoning in that context.  I'm not doubting the research, but i would like to point out the B roll clips of street questionings as not being a valid representation if the research. If in the research paper the researchers asked what were the test subject's political lean, it would have primed them into answering politically. People shouldn't be specifically stupid when given puzzles, but are sure to be defensive of their belief if they suspect their ideology is being tested.
I don’t understand this study on skin cream. Is anybody accounting for the number of people who had no change to their rash? Assuming the same number of participants in each group, couldn’t it be said that the skin cream was more likely to heal your rash while simultaneously being more likely to make it worse?
So I’m choosing certain opinions to fit in with others and those opinions are causing a bias because they’re so closely connected with the ideology I need to keep this social relationships together?
Are there any others who think the skin cream question is incredibly deceptive? 1:59 It is apparent that sample selection plays a significant role in rash improvement and thus implies sampling bias precluding conclusions of effectiveness based on proportionality. Thus the only answer the data supports is inconclusive.
The true midwit trap
congratulation on discovering confirmation bias
Clean your own room before telling your neighbors on how they should live. Start locally, start small. Branch out and create ways to bring alternatives to the people around you. Want to solve pollution and waste? Stop using plastic waste and use reusable alternatives. Can’t just ban plastics, but make incentives to transition to renewable/ reusable/ recyclable materials. Personally id create a plastic tax on companies where alternatives exist which are better for the environment. Best example Coca Cola and their plastic bottles. Just use glass. And just incentivize the correct disposal of glass containers to be recycled.
Veritasium for president
aka dumb people have a bias and don't know the answer based on stats. shocking.
I wish I would’ve watched this video yesterday. Wasn’t expecting politics to pop up and now I’m triggered 🙃.
Nobody is inmune to propaganda
But isn't the survey sample too small?
If smart people do worse then they weren't smart to begin with
Dude, Trump won. You need to up your content. Both sides are NOT equal, both sides are NOT rational, one side is full of, and led by, racist fascists and the other side, though far from perfect, at least ATTEMPTS to acknowledge reality. If I hear anymore “good people on both sides” crap from you I’m unsubscribing. Trump is a convicted felon who denies reality, promotes hate, racism, and violence and who will undoubtably lead us down the darkest path in this nations history! And that is saying something! Take a stand and reject fascism! Cause if I see one more of these “good people on both sides” pieces from you, me, and thousands of others, are done. This is NOT the time to repeat 1933! This is NOT the time to cosplay Neville Champlain! REJECT FASCISM WITH EVERY CELL IN YOUR BODY!!!
I reject your tribalistic thinking hypothesis.  Rather when it comes to thinking about virtues and ideals, the gun control question doesn't actually give you a correct answer, ideals and virtues are not a pragmatic number crunching endeavor. Crunching numbers doesn't tell you if something is moral or not.
The fact that you told these people that the numbers were fake yet they tried to apply real world logic to achieve an answer is pretty wild to me.
How did 3rd party voters do
I feel like the way you talked about the sponsor of this video basically invalidates the entire video. You spent a whole video talking about how politically charged questions have people rationalising things, asking more questions and you say "we they obviously interpreted the data wrong" and then literally show a case of people using contextless statistics to shape narratives differently right after. Anyone who has taken a basic stats course would know that statistics are extremely easy to lie with and the linger I've sat with this video the more strange it feels. Especially as a video released so close to the day of America's election.
I would conclude that the authors of the first study designed it badly
I have watched the first question. Sorry but anyone remotely smart would get the correct solution. Maybe in front of a camera it is a little different, but this is a lie
There is no such thing as evidence
so people are stupid and have no idea (or backbone) on how to have an individual thought. Weird... lmao People are SO fuckin afraid to stand out and think for themselves and is exactly what leads to what we just witnessed last night... extreme polarization and fighting one another instead of trying to actually challenge and understand why someone thinks the way they do.
Damn, I failed to be most likely smart... I went straight forward to normalizing the data.
The average human has between 1 to 2 testicles
One slide at the end made me particularly happy, when it shows suggestions on how to handle data. Like I am a believer that humans have a role in global warming, but when I read in the news "humans caused global warming we need to stop", that always triggered me internally so much. Because it should be "humans have a significant impact on global warming" so like a big part but maybe not responsible for all of it. Maybe we just speed it up. But it can't be 100% responsible or not at all responsible. Humans have the tendency to go "it's either this or that", antagonising the other side with no middle ground possible. Shame.
I got it right but I approached it mathematically because I'm watching veritasium
Cool there was a couple of these we had i school they were like tricky questions were its so simple its easy to overthing it
What does it mean to say it both? It made it better for some people and it made it worse for others, and "or" is leading to a false dichotomy. Why is this answer never given? Is it too dumb sounding? The guns is a slightly different type of question. The cream question could be rephrased to be more like the gun question.
That slightly moving/animated black background was so disturbing to me. Please do NOT use it ever again.
Good video, be open to have your values/idealogy chalenged, all the time, everytime.
4:50 Crime Pays But Botany Doesn't - department of unauthorized forestry
Skin cream and rashes are not the same as gun control and crime. For medical interventions the outcomes are directly observable and measured only against direct outcomes they affect i.e. whether the rash got better or worse. There are no other factors to consider is  A= Outcome B or C. With gun control and crime there are far more factors, be they social or politcal, to control for and a direct causal link whould be far harder to establish. The charts and fake data here as presented would should correlation in whatever direction they were presented but causality would be far easier to establish regarding the skin cream than it would be for gun control and crime as the only factor or intervention that was made between the control group and the group who used the cream.
I didn't find this very interesting, normally your videos are quite good.  My take is this: The dumber people fail to see the larger scene. They are presented with a question and they will answer that question without thinking about the broader context. The smarter people ask see the question and ask themselves if the giving the correct answer somehow can affect themselves badly in the future, if they think it will they twist the answer around to suit themselves.  We see this all the time with news reporting. To news stations observe the exact same thing but still report two different stories to push their own agenda.
To be fair the way I got to the answer was not the best way but there were about x2.33 total creamers more than non creamers and when you multiply the number of successful non creamer by the 2.33  to be proportial to creamers there was more successful non creamer than creams so the cream either doesn’t work or works less than just not using it based on that one study
Another great video.  My thoughts were that if you presented the data, asked what the observer gathered from the data, using generic terms, and only after they relay that they understand the numaricy you tell them what the subject matter is, it's harder for them to back peddle
oh snap, he's about to explain "per capita."
This study doesn't replicate. Pretty uncritical reporting, and wild extrapolation for someone who's literally made vids about the social science replication crisis lol.
There is a bit of an issue in your thinking, and that issue is the presumption that opinions are largely data driven, even among highly intelligent people. There are massive philosophical differences which make two people apply the same reading of sociopolitical data entirely differently. As an example, there is no data which could convince me that taking guns away from law abiding citizens is a morally acceptable policy, because my opinion on that is not data-driven. It is philosophy-driven. Even if I were to concede that gun control measures were highly correlative with significant declines in crime, that would not change my opinion on whether law abiding citizens should maintain the right to bear any arm they see fit for the protection of their life and liberty.  The idea that a more rational look at from all involved will result in less polarization ignores the real driver in that polarization, which is philosophy.
its so funny how the test is set up to be as simple and devoid of nuance and still they dance around possible variables just to avoid doing maths.
Asking people a question where they are emotionally attached to the topic are more likely to answer in line with their desires, rather than the data.
5:28 I see Detroit, NYC, and St. Louis. Who can name the rest?
I’ll be honest, i wouldn’t understand the premise of “enacting gun control reduced crime by 223 crime but simultaneously increased it by 75 crime”… are the numbers supposed to represent the number of cities where they saw increases or decreases in crime? Like i don’t follow
It can often be difficult for a non-specialist to identify issues with biases in data selection, poor study design, excluded relevant factors, alternate explanations of results, etc.  I like to see an analysis and rebuttal of studies making claims on controversial topics because I don't know what I don't know, and it helps to look at a body of data from multiple angles.  As the video notes, much of what we believe is based on social conditioning with little rational analysis involved. Those "truths" are really assumptions that the social group makes unchallengable.
It's easy to do the calculation in your mind so those tests are fit only for Americans with political standing or(low IQ) or both. Veritasium please stop with those cheap Headlines... please do not lower your once high standards.This thing its not science, this is embarrassing.
Arg, smart is subjective! lol I cant even understand the first question...(im on my own level here) I assumed 50/50 who used the cream per group why is it 223+75 who used the cream more than the one who didnt use it??
Okay so democracy is probably just a tribal headcount.
I stopped watching 3/5 of the way through but I would assume that people more "into" the subject have had previous thoughts and discussions about the subject at length and with many more variables and more nuance than the nothingburger of data a 2x2 table captures, so they just reuse their previous conclusion or hold to their more complex belief and don't bother to verify everything again or adapt it for such an insignificant and undetailed case. E.g. the gun control version doesn't account for the exact implementation/type of gun control, type of crime, incentives and deterrents to crime present, etc, so it hardly refutes any particular real world policy as applied to a specific place, which is why they don't change their opinion. They're answering this fake and oversimplified question based on a more complex real world train of thought, kind of like how a programmer will come up with lots of cool and overly complicated automations for a one-time job that other people just do manually once and call finished.
I do appreciate the attempt at impartiality in your videos.
you are right this isnt math its statistics some may say its the same thing i will say its not  statistics shows you very little unless you know how they got the numbers and look carefully at it  because its very easy for statistics to be misleading no matter if it was on purpose or not
This is fantastic work.
Biases is innate - difficult to reset :-) Takes time.
I gotta say that I'm not a fan of the thumbnail as it seems a bit misleading or it's at least being a bit pedantic in order to function as click bait without being technically untrue. In a sense it's technically true that knowing math won't help but applying math will and since you can't apply it without knowing it then knowing math does help.   The video demonstrated with the cream version of the question that correctly applied math will get you the correct answer and that doesn't change just by relabeling the figures, it's just that the new labels are something that more people already have formed an opinion on and are potentially highly invested in.   Seems to me that most Americans are going to have a much stronger opinion on gun control than creams treating rashes and it doesn't seem at all surprising that random people on the street are more likely to ignore your question and talk about their own take on the topic when it's something they already already have a confident opinion on.
Politics make you dumb, and the smarter you are the dumber it makes you.
If the question is made up and the data is made up, but people are being judged as false because their answers are based on their current educated assumptions of the world instead of taking time to work it out mathematically, then it's a flawed test. Surely people realise this is so stupid.   It's like giving data which results in eating Big Macs as healthy. Of course people are going to ignore what the data is truly saying and make a biased conclusion based on experience.  Are they told the data is made up before they attempt the question?!
I found it much easier to be actually correct with the cream one than the gun one wven tough i had the same bias for both.  I think it's because i have looked into the statistics about gun control (in a way, i believe to be unbiased), and it very clearly showed that school ahootings decrease significantly. So i assumed no onenwould give false data on the street and just said the conckusion first.
great... more politics...
So many people in this comment section who claim to be part of the "high literacy" group still don't get that the percentages and the graphs refer to the study from the paper and that the interviews we see are made at a much smaller scale to give examples for the video.
AMAZING MATHING SKILLS GO!!!!!!!!!! 223-75=148 107-21=86 148>86 it made it better \    /    x /    \ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4:20 not you too!!!😢😢
In this video you will watch how to turn a cool science channel into a clown.
I think a big change can come about if we teach children, as soon as possible, how to think scientifically and to use cold, rational thinking.      We currently teach kids scientific facts which, for the most part, they will never need or use unless they choose a certain career path.     As a welder I have never needed to know the details of mitosis or the chain of events inside plants that use carbon and sunlight to make sugar.     However, I use rational, scientific thinking all the time in both my professional and personal life. I just wished I learned it sooner.
As a mathematician, I really hate hate hate the thumbnail.  If you actually use mathematics correctly, you get the correct answer!  If you get the answer wrong, then you have not really understood the mathematics correctly!  Argh.  Mathematics is not necessarily about arithmetic.  Mathematics is about applying careful logical reasoning in creative ways.
A lot of educated people have the very flawed premise that things like political opinions ought to be downstream from "facts." But educated people ought to understand that facts are not normative. There are no set of facts that tell you what you are supposed to value, or why. Political opinions are downstream from values, not facts, and so obviously people are going to defend their values in the face of facts.
Egh, i cant watch anymore videos about politics, 😭😭😭
Interesting comparison but doesn't touch on inaccurate data used by both sides to manipulate their point.   Related suplbject. How am I susposed to be able to trust ground news data?
I think he is wrong, the first example the cream DID actually help skin rash to improve because the number of people seeing improvment increased, but there is probably a subset of people that had allergic react or side effect like any other medicine in the world. And the guns example is kind of stupid because the study doesn't mention what type of crime, so like hit and run or tax fraud increased/decreased instead of saying the number of homicides/assaults, thieft, or kidnapping, BRUH. I thought he would talk about vaccines.
I don’t necessarily disagree with the conclusion on political bias, BUUUUT it’s factual that there could be VASTLY more confounding variables with guns. People might have a lot more context for the gun control conversation, previous studies and such, than they do for “random new rash cream”.
This is actually a video about confirmation bias
Just two words - confirmation bias. Nobody is 100% immune.
I would love to see the number of downvotes on this video, heh.
Today I found out that smart people are dumb.
4:34 Significant difference with the non-intuitive answer, the most literate "conservative" score lower by about 25%.
Me as a librarian.. "let me look up these numbers"
5:59 amerika be like
Okay, so, before the answer was given, I said it made things worse... But I also saw Dan's Ted Talk. Or at least a Ted Talk on proportional reasoning.
the rich made a culture war to divide us, so we're easier to control. The hardest part for us to get over is the hatred
go with the tribe says the majority
Increasing entropy and cold death are the only truths, regarding the research the motives of the research, hot and why it presented has its own bias, as long as one is living there is a bias and a motivation.
I've just realised the name of the channel and logo are atomically suggestive.. Apparently it's highly addictive when viewed and will increase your intelligence!🤣🤣🤣
I think gun control is more complicated in america... In the UK keeping guns illegal is obviously better than legalising them. I've never ever feared getting shot with a gun. They're extremely rare in the UK and the police take it seriously if somebody is spotted with one.
The cream was obvious, the guns should have been obvious as well but i felt a complete different thing, confusion.. Weird.
Thanks!
About that concern of people using pre-existing knowledge on guns and how to prevent that, how about this? "This study may contradict the majority of studies, so, after you size up the data, please tell me whether you think it's accurate or not." This way, they are more likely to actually consider the numbers because they know the study may be "wrong."
I'm sorry but i think you have uploaded a wrong video for the title that you have given
It'd be interesting to compare the results of similar tests gathered in different societies (another name for nations, or countries) to see the variety in political polarization in respective regions.
Math skill does not equal intelligence. *So* many STEM people fail to understand this.
Hold on.... The skin creme question right off the bat is intentionally missing information. Is the creme group the same size as the control group? Is it binary results only? Were there people with no change in number of rashes? It's the same question asked 3 ways, but it drastically affects the "correct answer". Basically, if there are 500, 1000 or 10000 people in each group, the rash improved with the cream is the right answer. Of course, it was also made worse more often as well. Assuming there's a noticeable change either way is kind of stretch. Maybe it's a bad example, but I can't imagine any real study with binary results like this. Imagine it was weight loss. Oh, you weighed 200.0 at the start, at the end of the study you weighed 200.1. I guess you go in the "gained weight" category. 199.9 well, you lost weight. But in reality, those should likely be statistically insignificant. Oh, you had 99 rashes at the start, 100 at the end. Are we measuring number of rashes or square footage? It's just a bad example.
I really disagree about the video title. To me, activists are always blind to reality. Activists can’t be called Smart. Smarter people know how numbers can be manipulated, how words can be badly used, ect.   People who misunderstand numbers and facts are dumb, if their ideology change how they understand facts, they’re stupid.
You should run for cabinet. Green, obviously. Cheers!
I often wonder if we could just walk away from politics 😂
The sponsor was the most predictable.
Interesting video but not what the title suggests the video is about
So confirmation bias and arrogance prevents people from using a common denominator lmao
Sorting by new is an experience akin to visiting circus 😂
Am i smarter for getting it right or dumber?
I love how he’s exposing his own political beliefs by constantly showing the graphs where dems are higher and republicans are lower instead of the inverse.
I got it right. 🤦
It's funny that Democrats are more willing to say gun control could increase crime than Republicans were to accept it could decrease crime, at all numeracy levels.
Technological development surely didn't help people not being able to believe the proof/evidence. When almost everything we read is tailored propaganda or just garbage, and even the facts can be presented in many opposing ways, then it's no surprise that we have a world full of sides and divisions.
so hes basically saying in this video "democracy is government by the people, for the people, through the people, but people.... they are ret***(stupid for a lack of a better word)" but hes not saying it directly lol
Ok, but how did you phrase the question? If you ask people "does gun control decrease crime?" then the answer can depend on outside information.
I think we have a very different thought what 'smart' means. In my opinion this is just basic maths.
10:13 I know this kind of sentiment is not new, but it's till quite worrying that, regardless of political affiliation, it's not uncommon. Trump does blame the media for it's relentlessly one-sided reporting, but I think he's right. There have been perfectly legitimate discussion that could have been had to show the potential benefits and harms of endless reams of policies, but rather than present those discussions to a slightly smaller audience, they go for the sugar rush of _"Orange Man Bad"_ / _"Let's Go Brandon."_
I must be one of the less intelligent ones because I looked at the "per capita" numbers and concluded not using cream is better.
First one, skin cream.  It's pretty obvious the control group had better outcomes.  The bigger number better crowd is the low IQ answer.  It's the most obvious answer but it's wrong, and it applies zero critical thinking.  For the gun control variation all that proves is politically charged issues can short circuit some people's reasoning skills.
The key to resolving partisan bias is to make people more rational through open choice voting systems. Like single transferable vote or in case of proportional representation, ability to pick candidates across party lists. People's choices are basically dictated by options they get, and they only post hoc make the reasoning to justify it. I came up with such proposal twice, and got shut down by all intelectuals - claiming that it is hard to understand and people wouldn't know what to do. Arguments that people do not understand even the system we have now did not help - that is another bias, bias against new things. But when I showed it to simpler people, they were almost unanimously very interested. They did not overthink and so they got the main idea faster.
8:30  We all know this guy.  He sucks so much.
can you use nitol for the blackbird? the car that can go faster than the wind pushing it?
Tho you're asking people on something which has a lot of research already done on it. Its as if you walked up to a person and were like is the sky blue or red look at this study? And then showed him a graph with a bunch of hue measurements.
Where are the lefties with colored hair? Propaganda much?
Thank you for promoting critical thinking and for helping fight the unconscious biases. Doing this kind of education is one of the most important disciples of today's world ❤
The fact that he posted this right before the election is hilarious
Wait, putting off the point of this video, I think there is a lot of differences in changing it from cream to guns. Because cities have all different sizes and aspects  Like if you went "In cities with gun control, there is the ones that improved and ### per million, and ones where it got worse with ## per million." Now here is the same information without  The cream doesn't give how many in the study, which is weird to me, and the guns don't tell you how many are in the cities they studied, which can be a VERY bid difference  I mean I'm I missing something thinking that you really can't determine with this information?
This is why intelligent people believe in impossible things like biological evolution and the Big Bang.
That’s why you normalise data, rather than leaving results open to interpretation.  Course, appeals to logic and sanity don’t seem to work in this post-truth world of ours, so it probably wouldn’t matter anyway.
I think that anyone who doesn't have the ability to have proportional reasoning for the first part is being... Dare I say.. a complete donut. Like come on
i just compared percentages worse  Ppl with cream = 223 + 75 (298) Percentage worse = (75 / 298) * 100 (25.16) Ppl without cream = 107 + 21 (128) Percentage worse = (21 / 127) * 100 (16.40)  Thus cream was worse
Usually, all is perfect with your videos, but the title of this one feels misleading, the title I believe to be accurate to the premise of the video is: "On these questions, "BIAS" people do worse". You are not measuring the intelligence level of participants  before running the study. What you are doing is checking how the believe of the person affects the answers, i.e. political views
Ancient Greek philosophers were wrong -- a human being is not a rational creature.
How were the people on the street’s numeracy measured?
the changing background at like 12FPS is killing my head, please never again
Confusion Matrices  are confusing
Well, ain’t that somethin’? All these geniuses got it dead wrong, and here come the simpletons waltzin’ in with the right answer! Guess I’m just too smart for my own good—musta thought right past it!
"The smarter you are, the more likely you'll get it wrong", I wouldn't phrase it like that, but I think the main idea here is that, if you only know one way, then you can't get it wrong, but if you've learned tons of other ways and perspectives to interprete the question because you studied university for years, then you'd just make it more difficult than it has to be. Every university student can agree to this that they have ran into a similar situation.
Good video!
These videos are usually quite good, but this one is really pretty silly.
1:36 what hes saying should be reversed becuase 3x as many people improved their rashes
The cream helped the rash get better for most people who use it, worse for others. It's also concerning that the control group had so much less people, so it's not worth comparing the groups with each other.  Guess my answer wasn't even considered to be possible.
This is stupid, if you do a degree like medicine or pharmacy the skin cream one is super obvious
This is such a flawed study.  If anything, you can say the creme etc. made the rash better, but not to the same extent as no creme.  You cannot say it made it worse since most participants did improve.  In the converse, if a pharma company went to the FDA and asked for approval for a creme where 223 worsened and 75 improved, they would laugh at you, even thought this video postulates that these results represent a positive causality.  Same with the gun control - more cities both with and without gun control saw improved crime.  Correlation is not causation, and this study was not a positive proof of cause.  You would need a different study setup to prove cause, like isolating environmental variables, controlling for population, demographics, and picking intermediate metrics to link an result to a cause. Sincerely, an idiot.
What about social research? What if the difference between both sides are not so big as it shown? And biases of the researchers constantly show Republicans as worse then democrats. It's not a suprise universities lean toward left
Daymn bhagwa in veritaseum video. Just a glimpse is still surprising.
5:50 dude made some good points
@veritasium Why did you not exclude the people who refused to base their reponse on your hypothetical data? That appeared to he the case with the woman at 3:03 and the guy at 6:37 (and maybe the guy 8:25).  If they're not willing to treat hypothetical numbers as true, you can't say they reached the "right" answer or not. They're answering a different question.
So this dude got a question wrong and then spent hours trying to prove he was actually smarter for getting it wrong
Dude.. You actually looked worried when talking about your sponsor near the end of the video.. I'm worried too.. It's not even the slightest bit funny anymore
Is anyone asked you what's crimes improved and crimes worsed mean?? 😂
I think that the two situations are not quite the same. In the first one the groups were not divided equally so we controlled the number of people. In the second one, the total number of crimes have a meaning as well. If for example 2 crimes increased and 2 decreased it wouldn't mean the same as 300 increased and 300 decreased. Here we would have 600 crime in question where only 4 in the other one. The first group we chose to split it like that where in the second the total number have a meaning as well in my opinion. (Might be wrong)
The issue lies not with the people, but with politicians who deliberately foster polarization as a means of survival.
10:32 man is an absolute giga!
My job is data, I'll automatically distrust all data I encounter until I know exactly where it comes from and who produced it. I'm still not 100% trusting it, even if I collected it, until I've had it checked by several people.
Personally, if someone asked me something like that on the street (as pertaining to gun violence), I'd instantly become extra suspicious and probably overanalyze it. 😅  It's just way too vague; it doesn't say gun violence itself increased/decreased, it said that CRIME increased/decreased... and not by how much, but how many cities saw a difference. By what margin? And why did inaction make such a difference as well; what other policies were at play? And what are the sources for their information?
I wonder, did you tell the participants what was going on afterwards? and how did they respond?
Now just drop in the little landmine in which corporations can pay for studies that support their particular ideas / desires and see how well this plays out. The "data" and "science" itself is under attack
Midwit theory.
I'm mostly a great listener than talker unless I found the correct moment for giving my opinions, and this video was one of the rarest kind which made me break my silence with enthusiasm.  One of the boldest lessons everyone can earn through this  video is that we are soooo incomplete, imperfect, and unfinished in ALL aspects.  We still didn't find the ultimate fact, truth, method, science, math, resource, statistic, physiology, psychology, art, religion, anthropology, zoology, sociology, spirituality, reason, physic, metaphysic, language, skill and so on. Imperfect people act malformed in all aspects by using incomplete data.  I'm so curious that how far this evolution will go and what is the ultimate truth if there is any? 🙏
im intelligent, youre smart. were not the same
3:02 the america hat says a LOT
Commenting to the algorithmic gods so more people watch this video.
I am the kind of person who would answer the sorts of questions in this video along the lines of "this particular dataset suggests X conclusion", because that can _always_ be an objective response. That and I would want to clarify up front what kind of data it is (i.e. "hypothetical", in this case). I believe, but have obviously not extensively tested, that such an approach tends to be resistant to the issues presented in this video.
Trump is the skin cream litmus test for America. We can tell which end of the numeracy intelligence spectrum most of America is in.
If you take the total numbers and make a ratio with them and times that by 107 and 21 you get the results as if they where proportional which is 249 and 49 if rounded to the nearest number. So he's right. Does that mean I'm stupid?
Thia Video was made to Late 😢
The people whom you’re showing these numbers to are probably familiar with these stats and know these numbers don’t match what they read. They have every right to be skeptical..
There should be a study on how willing people are to accept "data" with no personal verification.
Im just happy I got it right.
conclusion. don't trust people, especially the guy that wrote " crime improved" and "crime worsened" ahahaha
I got the answer correct. Am i dumb?🙂
Ehhh... this is probably more an issue of just not presenting the data right. How many people in the study? What kind of rash? Without any of the basic details, yeah, people will just look at the biggest number
ah asking the people of america.. smart choice
The study that this video was based on was wrong so don’t know why you’ve not added a pinned comment at least
Almost every human will choose loyalty to the group over objective reality every single time.  Pretentions of objectivity are just another way to defend the group, thus proving their loyalty.  Human groups consistently test member loyalty by requiring them to lie about what is true or real.  This creates a bond of guilt and/or solidarity, basically Stockholm Syndrome in everyday life.  Anyone who doesn't choose the official lie is considered unrealiable and will be shunned from the group in various ways and degrees.  The more comfort and security the group provides, the greater the degree of lie can be imposed.  This is how religions, government bureaucracies, and university departments get away with so much corruption and abuse.
This would explain the insane amount of religious people. They must to believe in sky daddy because they would lose their tribe.
There's no way to answer the question. They leave out a key piece of information; how many people were in the study, more specifically how many people were in each group. You see the number's meaning changes if the group sizes were even vs. if one group was twice the size as the other.
A study where nothing is done is not a study of anything. Inaction does not constitute action. Hence there must be a placebo offered.
It’s like Kevin with pies
Derek, you have confused correlation and causation.  I don’t believe in climate change, in gun control, and in other things like equal rights because I’m a Democrat, I vote for Democrat candidates because I know that climate change is real, gun control works, and a diverse society is best.  One’s ideology isn’t shaped by one’s political party membership, one’s political party affiliation is guided by one’s ideology.
Being ostracized by society is like walking off a cliff. Veritasium you have no idea how true that is..
12:19 it does NOT include me.
Americans are dumb..  In this very comment section they even argue about the wording in the weapon/crimes survey (to try to shirk responsibility or to avoid the real matter here.. w/e).. impressive.. nb: the fact that this video gets out a day before a new president got elected is just a coïncidence
It looks to me like while numeracy had no effect on Democrats' answers on the gun control on average, it had a positive effect on Republicans' answers. The line dips with increasing numeracy but then rises again. Trend lines would be helpful.
nice, I have been a long time Ground News subscriber.
Wylie Overstreet??
Switched off once it became political not why I watch you.
Thank you for sharing this amazing experiment ❤
There are two things I don't like about this experiment. First of all, the total number of patients/cities should be given, so that it is clear that there are no patients where the rash/crime stayed the same. Second of all, you should remind all participants, that they should only conclude from the data given, as statistics do not always tell the whole truth. Let's take the guy as an example who said that the increase in crime in other cities might not be linked to gun laws. He could be with that statement, although that information is not provided.
That key point of we hold to our held beliefs pretty tightly because we've claimed it as our stance. To change from it is a lot of effort and risk that just doesn't seem worth it. Especially not in the middle of the street on the way to an event, but I think the point would hold true regardless. Why upset beliefs you've spent time forming, relationships and trust with people you're around, and jump to a new way of thinking on one piece of evidence. It is smart to retain those thoughts and resist flipping quickly on the littlest thing.  That said people are people and the current political climate in America is very divided. I feel certain factors like the 2-party system, too many apathetic non-voters giving power to the extremes, technology propped up thought/information bubbles and others could be addressed. Politicians would lose an easy ride if the current system held them more accountable so that won't happen from the corrupt elected but needs to start somewhere.  My go to policy stance is to localize laws and powers to hold those in charge more accountable but you are free to disagree that would be effective.
"It makes you think about what we could get done, if we didn't have that burden."
How many people don't believe your fake data?
This video is too low in quality. Misleading title, incorrect thumbnail slogan, blindingly obvious premise with an unsurprising non-quantitative conclusion. Do not squander hard-to-earn respect. Good fortunes to you.
I feel like this was a perfectly executed way to tackle what probably would have been a very charged topic if the innocuous scenario wasn't fully covered first. Love the fact that this brings attention to the effects strong opinions have on biases and reasoning. The content and myriad of topics you and the team have been covering lately has been fantastic! Keep it up!!
This reminds me of how smart people are also much more difficult to pull out of a spiral of anxiety / depression due to negative self-imagery. Smarter people simply have a higher capacity to rationalize subconscious beliefs, so they are harder to convince otherwise even if they are objectively wrong. Their mind is simply better at protecting itself against conflicting points of view.
Does anyone know who Derek from @veritasium is voting for ? 😅
More like 60pts
Basically, being a "sheep" as people use disparagingly, actually made/makes you more likely to survive. People put down obsession with beauty and looks for the same thing, but all of it is a survival mechanism. We want cohesion and we want genetic soundness because that's what made us last this long.  In order for society to actually be rational, you'd need to both be aware of these responses and have active tactics to fight against those instincts. We're not taught this, we barely admit that it's going on and we don't trust others to tell us when we're wrong, because being wrong was also a problem for survival. Guessing if the tiger is friend or foe and getting it wrong had dire consequences. Being wrong isn't allowed. You are mocked and ridiculed for it. You learn fast that being wrong is one of the most horrific crimes you can commit in life. So, it's no wonder we're defensive when we're wrong.  Kids learn this fast. Not fitting in, being unable to make friends and embarrassment responses are all about surviving with the tribe. And it's not necessarily a bad thing, social cohesion is a huge reason we are so successful as a species, even if we were actually rational actors, it would still be super useful, but it's bad if the tribe has some really dumb if not wrong ideas that actually threaten survival capability, IE sacrificing people to the sun god for a good harvest type stuff or well, political beliefs that are rigid and don't care about solid data.  No one is immune to it either. I definitely am not. In biases, you need others to call you out on it and it needs to be from people you trust. You can be aware of them, but that will not change them. This is why echo chambers are so harmful. It's all yesmen. You can't see your own flaws, you need others to tell you where you blind spots are and they need to not have the same ones as you.
Incredible video I really liked it, let's hope we figure it out one day
The question never mentioned, how many people participated in the test. if there were 25.000.000 then none of those numbers make any difference.
This is the first time I disagree with a Veritasium video. Saying that the smarter you are, the greater the chance of getting it wrong is a big mistake. The only thing shown is that people who are 'slightly smarter than average' tend to make more mistakes on these tasks, but truly smarter people would get it right. These aren't difficult questions. The proportion obviously doesn’t hold across the entire curve. Bad take
I'm not biased because I'm always right.
I absolutely love your work, its so refreshing to watch your videos
Thanks man
When people agree with the data, they are just giving you the opinions they already have so the question is irrelevant. When people disagree with the data, their suspicions are correct since you are presenting them with made up data.
Curiosity is hard to make increase in people. Questioning is already hard to do in many people.  Like, the gun control version of this, not only that it is just a made up number, but it is already weird that location of the cities aren't affecting the result. How many people asking this question back?  But, that's just being seen as trying to avoid answering it.
How did you measure numeracy?
all that I got after watching 5 minutes of the video and getting bored: I'm dumb, no reason to worry
As a non native speaker of the English language yet fluent, understanding Numeracy scale was awfully difficult in the video. Up the conciseness and explanation. Make it a bit more simple.
Gun control is a moral question, while skin cream is not.   If skin cream were a moral question, it’s not irrational to look at the data showing skin cream improves rashes but still claim that using skin cream is immoral. You might claim that the testing required to develop the cream harms some people/animals, or that the money is better spent on some other condition.  Similarly you can look at data that shows carnivorous diets make people healthier, but object to people eating meat on moral grounds.  Science can show us what is, but each person makes value judgements on what should be. If you think the lives of animals are more important than the wellbeing of humans, great. You’re allowed to think that and behave accordingly. People who believe that each individual should have the right to defend themselves however they deem best are allowed to believe that. The fact that some people decide not to do so and suffer harm because of it is irrelevant.
Today was a good day to watch this. Thank you!
Thinking fast and slow
I think the issue is in what you consider makes someone "smart"
I think this video surreptitiously supports ending democracy.  Even the most "numeric" people cannot discern politically motivated data.
13:39  FBI report WAS NOT INCLUDING MANY of the most violent cities info.  HOW COULD YOU NOT MENTION THIS??  Biased much Veritasium???
Well as a cellphone user, I'd just flip my cellphone and do the rations solution, divide the most with the less and see what is the biggest number. The biggest the number the bigger the change. Not smart nor stupid. Just indeferrent. Remove your opinion on facts. That is the way.
"Example given the data" .. .. ..  [Peer 'Reviewed' paper data]: HUHU.. You can totaly truss me! A man can totally be a woman."
okay, i'm either retarded or the premise of the titel is incorrect.
The bipartisan system is a distraction. Just a means to divide the people.
One thing i noticed was that democrats seemed less affected by ideology than republicans during the gun control question. I'm no analyst tho so i might be misinterpreting
You can say from this that smarter people tend to rationalise their positions more to suit their held beliefs (not cool) but the comparison of a political issue like gun control vs crime rates has far more potential confounders than a simple rash cream study, leaving much more room for such rationalisations.
Came here to escape reading about US politics and the pivot away from skin cream was a nasty surprise. Stopped watching but did you ever determine what kind of rash the orange monster is?
Literally why "trust but verify" should be a mantra of anyones' life. \ But can't have that otherwise people will start questioning things they're 'not supposed to'...
This vid' clearly illustrates that there are :-     Lies:     Damned lies: and     STATISTICS!
That thing at the end "I talked to people on the other side of the political spectrum" and the response they had was fear because they weren't very different  It scared them that maybe people are just people? And that the demons on the other side of the wall aren't just monsters but actual people, just like you!  This sort of tribalism seriously has to stop
I just realized something:  Considering the influence of the US on the world economy and politics....how different might our world have been, had the US NOT had a 2-party system in place for these few hundred years?  Is it possible that the entire world could be drastically different, had the US had a political system similar to Australia, or South Africa or any country whose political system does not "force" people to "choose" a candidate based only on one other option?
I always think back at the questions they did to toddlers and adults.  How do you fit an elephant in a fridge? Most adults would say cut it up and put into fridge.  Toddlers would say open fridge door and put it in. Next question would be how do you put a giraffe into a fridge….  Most adults would say open the fridge and put it in. Toddlers would say, open the fridge door and let the elephant out and put the giraffe in…
The problem is that we have seen too much so called "evidence" that has been manufactured or ordered by various political interest groups. It's hard to trust studies that have strong political affiliation, or the people involved have something personal to gain or loose depending on which conclusion they come to.  I think many times when a research study is ordered, they already know which conclusion they want. Sadly, many times today research means finding arguments and justifications to come to the conclusion you have been paid for to come to, or face harsh punishment. Scientists can't afford to be idealists when they have to pay rent and feed their families.
“What do we do about it?” …   Derek for president.
You have to normalize the data before comparing. If you don't, you are comparing oranges and apples. Also, sometimes the information is not all that is to it. You also have to consider causality, confidence, and other things, to get to a conclusion. It is just to easy to lie using real data...
The conforming to tribe idea is weak and that it applies to both "tribes" is too much of an assumption.  People presented with fake numbers indicating "evidence" of something incongruent with their actual knowledge will cause genuine people to try and rationalize how the presenter has such incongruent numbers.  Try your skin cream test with an incongruent problem-solution.
Could you plz first define smartness and what characteristics it has? Is the more numerical ability the only feature of smartness measurement? And how did you measure the smartness level of those random people on the street before asking them to solve the question and concluding their smartness level after that?
"Some things are so absurd, only an intellectual could believe them."
The video does not show what the title and description below it claim. People who are better at math did indeed do better than the people who are not in all of the questions tested, and in none did they do "worse." Nor is any evidence presented to show that people who are more numerate are "smarter."
All you're doing is showing politics and tribalism makes you dumb, not that being smart vs dumb does anything at all.
This is dumb. You can actually see in the video that for some the issue here isnt't being right or wrong, it's whether they accept or reject the data you've presented them.  Which is an important issue, but this is a terrible way to test it. Of course peope are willing to accept your made up data on a fake hand cream. But in order for them to give you the "right" answer on gun control, you have to first get them to be willing to accept your data as true, or to agree to provide hypothetical response as if the data were true. No such effort seems to have been made here, nor does any effort appear to have been made to remove the people who refuse to accept the premise.
Were the participants in the “study” told that the numbers were fictitious beforehand? Controlled studies are usually evenly distributed, you certainly wouldn’t give cream to more than double the control group.  I think it’s deceptive to give nonsensical information about sensational topics.
A political belief structure has already presented evidence to support the position. One random chart presented by a single source has to present evidence to overturn the previous evidence.  Take a religious person, offer them one piece of irrefutable evidence against their beliefs, and it will not sway them. You must dismantle a person's worldview, if you want them to believe something that lies outside of the dogma. Political beliefs are no different than religion. One study, especially after the experts were so wrong with c19, will not sway an American.
United States The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bipartisan bill (413 to 2) on March 27, 2023, to oppose the state-sanctioned forced organ harvesting in China. Also known as H.R.1154 – The Stop Forced Organ Harvesting Act of 2023, this was the first bill passed with a bipartisan majority to hold the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) accountable for these crimes.   The United States Capitol   H.R.1154 – The Stop Forced Organ Harvesting Act of 2023 was passed on March 27.  The bill reads: “The President must report to Congress a list of persons that facilitate (1) forced organ harvesting, or (2) trafficking in persons for organ harvesting. For each person on the list, the President must impose property- and visa-blocking sanctions.”  In addition, “the State Department may deny or revoke the passport of an individual who has been convicted of a federal crime of knowingly transferring any human organ for valuable consideration for use in human transplantation, if the individual (1) is subject to imprisonment or supervised release resulting from that conviction, and (2) used a passport or crossed an international border when committing that crime.”  Furthermore, the Act imposes against such crimes: 1) civil penalties including a fine of up to $250,000, and 2) criminal penalties including a fine of up to $1 million and imprisonment for not more than 20 years for such crimes.  This legislation was authored by House Representative Chris Smith (Republican), co-chair of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, who said, “These crimes against humanity are unimaginable.  “Ethnic groups targeted for mass harvesting include Uyghurs—who suffer from Xi Jinping’s ongoing genocide—and the Falun Gong, whose peaceful meditation and exercise practices—and exceptional good health—make their organs highly desirable.”  Tom Cotton, Republican Senator, and Chris Coons, Democratic Senator, initiated a Senate version of the legislation along with more than ten other senators.
If you're correct most of the time, you're not smart. You just ignore or don't understand what proves you wrong   Embrace mistake, embrace failing, embrace being wrong. That's your only way to become smart, and in the meantime you will understand people different to you
9:27 - I wonder what about people who are so socially isolated that they barely feel any influence of a "tribe"?
Maybe they’re just unpracticed at proportional reasoning…or this is clickbait because Veritasium is slipping on his content pimping.
I think this is incorrect. I was born into a cult and indoctrinated. This isn't a measure of "better or worse". When you're indoctrinated, there is no "write or wrong", *you just do* as you're told to. :(
"Righteous Mind" by Jonathan Haidt talks about this problem, stating that our rational thoughts are submisse to our moral thoughts, and those themselves are instant. So when you look at a political question, you automatically think you know the answer, and just tries to rationalize whatever bs you first thought about it, its NOT the other way around it.
"What would you do if you came across information that contradicted your political opinions" Examine the motives of the people who created the information, because there are three types of lies: lies, damn lies, and statistics.
Well, people have different prior beliefs, such that when confronted with the likelihood of the data, their posteriors are different for the same data. Its pure bayesian statistics
Always do best to "destroy" your hypotesis
I am in 10 standard in India and even I can tell first question that cream worsened the rashes
Wow. What an obviously politically motivated way to present the Pro-2nd amendment side. Pro 2d isn't based on the idea that there will be more, "good guys", with guns on the streets, although that may be an ancillary result that has been mentioned by some 2d proponents. The argument is that law-abiding, responsible citizens have the inherent right to defend themselves. The supposition that more guns means more violent crime, pre-judges the population as being violent. It is a tenant of the American legal system that no law should be passed that pre-emptively assumes the guilt of a human being or group of human beings. That would be the same as saying no-one is allowed to speak unless it is in favor of a particular administration  because some people may say things against that administration. Curiously, the same side that is against the 2nd Amendment is closer to this interpretation of the First Amendment than the side that is in favor of the 2nd Amendment.
Once again, the problem is delusional tendencies
Misconception humans are not social creatures, but creatures of neccessity. Meaning they do things when they feel the need arise. Yet culture forces us to think we must be social. When it is more like we most not be bored.
So the solution is again pretty, easy we remove the right to vote for the people who are below 9 on numeracy scale, or even better, just simply give this test to every person ,and everyone who fails, will have no right to vote, whats even the point of democracy if the stupid people decide, what will happen, because they are being manipulated by politicians, i dont think thats democracy just dictatorship with extra steps.
I don't think people who answer this question wrong should be considered smart. I even think that such questions should be included in intelligence tests.
I got stuck on "Rash Improved". Somehow it sounded wrong. 🫤
In the first hypothetical study the it would be impossible to tell if the cream actually improve the rashes or not, numbers regardless. Iwould just be one piece of evidence.  Or, correlation doesn’t mean causation.
Confirmation bias affects reasoning and numeracy skills 🤷🏾‍♀️
wtf? As soon as I read the skin rash scenario, I immidiately said, yeah ofc, it made the rash worse. But then I started thinking, if you want to compare people's mathematical skills with pure maths vs something that is not an abstract concepts, then you just cant.  You forgot to add facts, what kind of rash we talking about? Is the rash the kind of rash, that disappears after a week by itself? Or is it something that stays until it is cured? Did both groups and all participants had only one kind of rash, or were they mixed? If they were mixed, how do we know if it was mixed evenly? 128, and 298 are not big numbers, there is a chance for not evenly distributing participants in the study. Another important question, did the cream contain any allergens, or ingredients that could cause  a rash, or worsen a rash for specific people? If the skin cream contained an ingredient that causes allergic reaction to 15% of the people, then obviously the people who didnt get the skin cream, would not worsen as much. Meanwhile the people who did get it ,for some of them it worsened, because of that specific ingredient. Also what if the rash is the kind of rash, that disappears after a week, and the group that did not get the cream, the cream improved the rash in a week. Obviously, meanwhile in the first group, that got the cream, it also improved, but by 3 days faster. There are just so many variables we get no info about, its insane, real life is not A column and B column, its not black and white and never will be.
I wish the gun control question had been asked before the skin cream question. Now I don't know if I have the same bias.
Title is some of the best click bait I've ever seen
Did you tell them it was a fake study first or after?
If I were smart I would have done the math.
So now I know that I should use more critical thinking but at the same time that I won't be able to use it on political subjects. Great ! :D
As someone who doesn't have an opinion on guns , I see this as an absolute win!
i think im too stupid any question naturally negates my answers being correct
ideological inclination, what a surprise
me at the beginning: funny to watch them try to find smart people in the usa, on the day they elected trump the second time for president me after 5 min: oh this video is actually about politics and not just the joke in my head
I don’t think it’s a fair argument. Saying “this is fake information, now say what you disagree with” is completely different than someone being shown actual data that could change their mind.
Galileo was called insane by insane people 😎
“I have no data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts." *-Sherlock Holmes, a Scandal in Bohemia*
The most important piece typically missed, including in this video, is that this also applies to YOU. Yes, including Derek.  I watch as people use tribal psychology to explain why "they" support "their" side, even smart people,  But almost nobody then say, "I wonder if tribal psychology is affecting MY political views." And then re-evaluate what they believe to be true.  That should be the main lesson here.   I (unknowingly) participated in a demonstration of tribal psychology in a leadership course 17 years ago. Even though I'm cognitively aware of the manipulation that was done as we discussed it at the time, and the random assignment to different teams, I can still notice in the back of my mind some "doubt", with a feeling that, "Am I sure they didn't just assign all the bad people to that other group and good people to our group."  I see these biases all the time in other people's presentation of science and other topics, including on Veritasium.   I also see it in my immediate gut feelings as response to news or information, so I've learned to not take a hard stance, to listen to others views, to get a wide set of news sources on any story (and use Ground.news), and to be tolerant of people who seem unaware of their biases, to a point.
Politics 🤔 America, you are doing it wrong! 😂
4:40 covid is apolitical too and yet right winger trash still managed to politicise that 😮😮😮😮
the diagram confusing.  The fault is in the diagram,
Can “you guys” figure out something, that no one knows about, that helps or makes people smarter or better in some way? It’s always the other way around with “you guys”.
What good fortune for those in power that people do not think!
You can't see reality when you start with your own preselected looking glass! Prejudgment can cloud our perception and prevent us from seeing things as they truly are.
Me: "man im really fuckin bummed about the election, lets find something fun. Oh I missed a veritasium video a few days ago!" Also me a few minutes in: 😒
This is just automotive quality control
I'm too dumb to even understand what the correct answer would be here?
It’s a study on Confirmation Bias…. People look for reasons why their belief is correct, and filter out any contrary information.
I like how you explained the Republican reason but did NOT explain the Democrat reasoning for supporting gun control. That itself is a funny bias.
We can use these questions to find out who is smarter 😂
I think we have different definitions of "smart."
I must be an idiot, but as a former Maths and Physics, I immediately saw a rough 3:1 vs 5:1 in the cream experiment, without doing any calculations. In other words, about 3/4 (75%) got better with the cream, but 5/6 (83%) got better without the cream. How do we measure how smart someone is?
time to become a bayesian !!
toll
While replicating the studies on the streets, I'm curious what metrics they used to measure intelligence.
I think that after 6th minute it's not about study. People aren't responding to the question whether the shown study proofs this or that opinion, they are just responding to the question whether this or that opinion is good... as we (people) tend to just say our opinion and don't listen to the question.
What I do think is interesting, though, is that democrats in general do better than republicans at the same numeracy levels, across all tested groups. It might be interesting to look into that more. It is no secret that worldwide, political affiliation is associated with intelligence, and that left-leaning people are generally less likely to fall for propaganda, conspiracy theories or fake news. But this study might give us a clue as to how that actually happens: apparently, left-leaning people generally have better reasoning skills (expressed through being more likely to get the answer right at the same numeracy level). And looking into how that happens – and how maybe right-leaning people can be helped to also develop their reasoning and critical  thinking skills – might be a big step in fighting fake news, propaganda and conspiracy theories.  Of course, some of it is a hen and egg problem – maybe left-leaning people don't have better reasoning and critical thinking because of their political and social affiliations, but rather because of their better critical thinking and reasoning, they are able to see through propaganda more easily and therefore tend to lean left? But that would be another question for a different study altogether
im getting soo much creaving for knowlage !!! place make some body and mind stabalization videos
Great video Derek, I find it hilarious that the comments have degenerated into smart verses dumb people when it was cleary orientated around numerical literate verses those less so? Makes me wonder whether any of the rennaisance artists like Picasso, Beethoven, or even earlier Leo Nado Dav Vinci were numerical literate as they were all incredibly smart in their fields?
well, to be fair low numeracy people had not much leeway at how much worse they could get
I low-key despair since people who can't do basic fractions are now called smart. Shouldn't you be disqualified by definition if you got the question incorrectly?
Well one could argue that cream wasn't suitable for specific racial groups such as asian or aferican Americans while on the other hand it did significantly improve rash although the ratio is lower than the case in which it worsened so one can logically argue that experimental cream has resulted in positive effects and further improvement in its formula is required
Well one could argue that cream wasn't suitable for specific racial groups such as asian or aferican Americans while on the other hand it did significantly improve rash although the ratio is lower than the case in which it worsened so one can logically argue that experimental cream has resulted in positive effects and further improvement in its formula is required
In your illustration of the rash cream and placebo groups, you show both groups as the same size, so I reasoned that there must be some people where the rash stayed the same. So I thought people had a bigger reaction to the real cream, whether positive or negative. But 223 - 75 is greater than 107-21, so the average level of rash is more healed in the rash cream group than the placebo group.
I’m obsessed with a question atm. What is the correct amount of tribalism to have? It’s more than none. But where do you draw the line?
Americans would probably do worse on these than an average human from elsewhere. Because utter denial has always been critical to them seeing themselves as the good guys.
I wonder how this relates to the representation of plain numbers in other ways. For example:  In different types of graphs.  Changing the wording in table and axis headers.  More abstract or more lifelike examples.  Not just showing absolute numbers but precalculating and showing the ratios. Adding human readable natural language context explaining the numbers to see if that will get everyone on the same page or still have people reject that and draw different conclusions. Basically show people the same numbers but in different ways.  Personally I'm a sucker for graphs. I know I'm slow with numbers and calculating ratios, while a good graph can instantly illustrate a conclusion, by a line crossing another line, or showing a minimum, or by just being above another line.  You still have to think if you are looking at the right graph though, as they can be as misleading as they can be useful to support any conclusion. A good rule of thumb seems to be to have multiple graphs plotting data against different things, then try to explain the features brought forward by each graph, and by weighing everything in dismiss graphs that might be tainted by a bias in the data, and be left with the graphs that hold true. That is a lot of work though, and anyone can be picky in picking any graph, so in communication it really boils down to trust in the source anyway. :-/
One problem with the study could be that people are EXPECTING the skin cream to be a math test (why else would an interviewer want to talk about skin cream data?)  But when asked about gun laws, they assume the interviewer wants to hear their political views, so they focus on that.
Actually the report says if you think you are smart you might do worse 😂.
This is just one of the reasons why two party systems are swearword swearword.
It would be interesting to know whether, if shown both the skin cream and the gun control data, people gave different answers
This is the essence of politics. Politicians and power players feed off biases and fallacious reasoning. Politics is *always* to rule over division. Divide-and-rule.  Like that lady said: We are not that different.
But.....the curves go up at the end.....so the entire premise is kinda shot. The slumps only occur with the midwits, once youre at an 8 you're back to outperforming the 1's.
This is very misleading. The way you put rash question, you imply that groups are same size and you just don't mention people who's condition stayed same. But you never say if they are actually same size or not, only after you reveal correct answer. If groups were same size as implied, then more people got better than worse with cream. So you can actually tell to anyone that they are wrong based on their answer and then revealing this deciding parameter after that. Sounds like a method used to scam, doesn't it?
Interesting. I always knew you could make people believe anything by being creative with data chosen to support an argument, or vice versa, you need to be really careful to look at the right data to come to the right conclusion yourself. But now it turns out proven, that even with the right numbers we can get to the wrong conclusion. Presumably tainted by our preconceptions from social/historical/environmental experience. I guess I always suspected, but never really believed it to be true to such extent. Thank you for this enlightenment.
Well, lowering political polarisation in the US could start with getting rid of the de facto two party system...
Instead of gun control, try election results.
I got the first question by ratio also 😂
I wish this had been posted earlier.
I choice right answer from start
the evil part of these questions is different size of of the 2 groups that's very easy to miss and then misinterpret the results. I had an earlier now deleted comment explaining my reasoning based on the utterly wrong implicit assumption that they are of the same size even though the numbers obviously don't add up like that. This is straight up manipulation of the same kind as graphs that don't start at zero.
This gets 20000 likes I might adopt a ca
Is this video a meta analysis of people who comment about fictitious studies but the numbers are actually real?  They can’t be since you flipped them but that would be a funny twist.  The real world application of personal logic not matching fictitious numbers was probably quite jarring.
anyone who gets this wrong is not very smart...
9:13 I think this is why I don’t have friends anymore. I mean there are more reasons, but … I see people failing to be objective, all over the place  And they hate ME for … well, not for pointing it out, but for failing to point it out, because they always just hear me as the person they’re fighting against, instead of the actual point I’m making 💙💙
major misrepresentation in the original survey were the unequal sample sizes 298-128 the data would have been more interpretable and accurate if the survey sizes were equal/ the sets represented in form of percentages
A huge problem with making this study about the issue of gun control is not only that its about politics. It is also much more complex than skin cream, so plenty of other things would influence the fictitious statistics. Most peoples opinions about it are far more nuanced than just a yes or no answer, so by reducing it to that you make your meta study perfectly useless i would say.  At 7:40 You fall for the same trap when you ascribe a "correct" or "incorrect" conclusion. The fictitious study does not have such a thing. The stats would need to be adjusted for all the other influences, which is basically impossible.  Just a small sample of questions i immediately would have about such a study: - Is it adjusted for the average increase/decrease in crime? - Does this look specifically at gun crime? Or just general? - What about other weapons. Even if you manage to get guns off the street, many would just switch to knives or similars, which doesnt solve a thing - Major demographic changes between the cities? - Is there a rise of petty crimes related to gun control? (Potential criminals would be more daring if they dont risk getting shot). - And many more.
1st question: id argue the study is indecisive because the sample sizes are different and that definitely introduces variation or disproportion. this seems bias to me. what if the no creme goups had more people and the results evened the odds or displayed different results. anyway i didnt get the point of this.
Funny how the top 10% of US citizens only get the question right 60-70% of time.   Repeat that in Germany or China please. 😂
Ground News appears to be an incredibly important tool for these increasingly divisive times. There should be a way to make this free for those who can’t afford it and especially for those who don’t initially think they need it.
Got to love how the x-axis stops early for the Democrats - there is no Democratic population with high numeric literacy. 😂😂
Moral of the story, don’t let your feelings impair your ability to look to reality objectively.
Likely smarter people adept in statistics will get it correct >99% of the time.
"The smarter you are, the more likely you are to get it wrong. So I asked my American friend..." *oof*  "... to go out on the street and ask people the question" *sighs in relief*
Sounds like an analysis issue not a mathematical issue… either way idk how anyone read that so differently…
Actually, I found knowing math made a big difference. I got the first problem correct... but even though I'm a STRONG advocate for the Second Amendment, the second hypothetical didn't change the outcome because no one was telling me they were actual numbers.  If they HAD been, I would have needed to see the research because I have done a LOT of study on the Second Amendment and know that it is a net positive for America.
so politics make people dumb. noted.
LOVING THE QUALITY AND CONSISTENT CONTENT!! I really always look forward to the next!
So the first test was the gun control control test 😄
smarter people?
❤
Recognizing and understanding your personal biases and how they affect your decision-making is a skill most people never learn. People, by and large, want to be right, not correct. Actual facts and evidence, not to mention logic and reason, mean nothing to a person whose beliefs are not based on facts, logic, or reason. Everyone just wants to point at the other side and make fun of them for being stupid and illogical, meanwhile ignoring their own faults and idiocy.
It would be interesting to test this in a less polarised country that has more than two parties.
Thank you for another amazing vídeo, Derek! And well done for keeping it under 15 minutes! 🏆
I’ll stop being political when these “special-interest” groups stop injecting politics into my everyday life:  • inescapable commercials and forced Left-wing ads  • censorship of Conservative ideas  • gender issues in public sexxy-schools and sports  • studies by un-named “experts”   Society is being torn apart in 2024 and there are only two sides:  • Freedom and Family  • tyranny and control   Seriously … I can’t even just enjoy myself without forced ideology being thrown in my face at every turn   Who wants to live in a world like this ?
The first question my first reaction. The skin cream makes it better but some people are allergic hence the larger amount of worsening rashes.
I got the question right at the beginning and I was worried that I’m stupid cuz of that lol
Oh my god, SO many of the comments are bots. YouTube pleeaase do something
I was wrong..... But for the wrong reasons.
Someone talking about politics and NOT just pushing a side? Amazing bro just earned so much respect
Another good point against the two party system: these strong opposite opinions make smart people dumb.
I see that you made a video conveniently near the elections... and the message to take home is "Oh people who vote red are just like us, and we are all human"  Here, in 2 years, let's see how much you regret those words.  Once the defenders of Stonewall and the people who are able to live happy lives because of it are removed by red policies, you'll regret this video.
Almost every time I have seen an explanation of Bayes theorem, it uses an example of a medical intervention. When the higher numeracy people see a table like this, with the context of a medical intervention, they remember the many times they have been instructed about this sort of reasoning. So perhaps the skin cream example triggers more rationality than usual.
the situation its a bit awkward though, because its very likely that the interviewees were thinking that the question has something to do with politics, not just with numbers. more than that, the timing has a big weight on that too
This just proves what I've though all along. Both sides of the aisle are as irrational, blind and ignorant as each other.
@veritasium The paper this video is based on couldn't be replicated, thus, hypothesis was rejected!!
there's a reason that votes are cast in a private space (at least in Canada) as you don't have to disclose your political ideology, which helps reduce the tribal BS, as those around you won't know what you voted if you don't tell them.
Today I learned a minimum of 25% of adult Americans don't operate in reality.
Its imposible to fight against political biases. Cause policy i current state is abusement of social differences to gain power of group. And people who wants to be successfull in policy will create even more political biases to establish more power in group. And that is sad cause policy should help people solve problem of big groups and sosieties, which one single human cant to solve. in reality the same people create political problems to be successfull as group leader. And i cant see solution about that. As i see policy as instrument of human social integration is f    up. And that could be tragic cause states will be corupted by intentions of differenciate people and thats leads to fascism. Actually weve seen thats many times in history, so in the end its just a way things go.
1:45 saying "smarter people do worse, math doesn't help" is deceptive or worse.  to me, the correct answer is immediately "obvious". the math needed is "trivial".  the REAL question is "do you know how to read data?" i do. i'm a physics teacher.  3:40 moving the column headings around has NO EFFECT on my ability to interpret the data. this is to be expected.  incidentally, i am NOT doing exact calculations here, although i COULD. i used the "fermi method", if you know what that means. a critical issue here clearly is sample SIZE, which is quite different, and needs to be taken into account.  oh, i'm radical left. that is the only logical possibility, given the environment.  5:35 that table is incomplete and useless  6:40 my political position (radical left) does NOT make me stupid, and unable to analyze data. indeed, i would expect that to be obvious. indeed, STUDIES HAVE SHOWN (and it matches my personal experience) that the correlation is that STUPIDITY and RADICAL RIGHT (or even just political right tendencies) go hand in hand
When you ask about a real word issues that people already have opinions on, they will instinctively disbelieve numbers that contradict their world view.
If you know that you are a smart person, you are used to being right, and then you can twist anything you hear, since you are used to being right, and aren't used to conceding to opposing sides
i already had a solution for this problem .. always take any statment and quantify it .. if u cant it is a lie " i am better than u " .. if u can then change the quantification to a relative term .. like in ur example : " that means that every 10 people in this city haveing a gun 1 is a criminal " " that means that every 20 people in this city not having a gun is a criminal "  this will explain directly ..  i actually developed a system and tested it that works :) like 2-3 month ago i can send it to u to test it :) wink wink :D
Well I’m dumb AF because I got lost at the gun control one. Trying to figure it out logically and not from a bias. But what does “crime improved” mean? The criminals got better at crime? “Crime worsened”? They got worse? Like as in “more crime”, or like they are worse at crime without guns, so there is “less crime”?  Even though it’s the same as the skin cream (which makes perfect sense), my brain literally shut down trying to comprehend that second test.   So if you can’t even complete it, what does that make you? Hahaha
You are so amazing, but don’t push it.
Imagine all the people... Living lives in peace...
I read the graph in the wrong axis, that's how bad my sense of maths is but still sort of guessed no cream was better using the wrong numbers.  I literally would need to run the calculator over all of that to get a picture of what the data is saying accurately.   I am one of those that measures 3 times, cuts twice, but interestedly only in the macro world, in the micro domain the numbers and ability in envision scales comes naturally.
watched Ve 42 about three years .. (black balls on a lake 👍)
How much did you get from trump??😂
I'd love to see how well the "get it right regardless of political belief" group correlate with not going along with the group of actors in the "which line is longer?" experiment where the actors all say the shorter line is longer. I'm betting there's an underlying personality trait here: "How easily your perception of reality can be warped by other people".
Veritasium is spot on about this it's just about different tribal groups, that's really what people believe in.
Veritasium for President!!
😋 70 and - (technically the retarded {no offence} 100 IQ average. 130 and +, genius. [older study .. still seems accurate]
;:=;   =;=:/^My Lord J.ESUS Returns, repent of sin and OBEY the LAWS of my Father...   Y..A,,H.. is a d.amn egipt DEMOOON, BEWARE ... (HalleluJAH is a PAGAN word)=^=^
The study this video was based on failed to replicate.
The rash study not having the same amout of people for control vs experiment threw me off
lol, kinda a placebo .. or, some stuff actually has side effects? (still watching)
Id be curious about the same tests being done in another country.  America seems to be the most politically divided and stubborn country.   I would theorize that other countries may have different results
I know this is not the point of this video but am I the only one comparing the numbers in columns rather than in rows? 🤔
I would be nice if Derick via Veritasium offered some book recommendations for their videos so that we could get informed ---- that video about voting and the mathematics really should of had some book recommendations
I wish I could have seen you guys on UA Campus!
Im smarter but answer correct in seconds, that mean im dumb or more smarter than smarter average?
Its possible people confused the no of cities in which crime increased or decreased with the no of crimes happen which in that case would make the smaller no set 107,21 actually better
This is started with false set up.
Cream worse. 5 seconds. Am I stupid enough?
I believe I’m rational most of the time. I can with a clear mind say I didn’t vote for the loser in ‘16, ‘20, or ‘24.
9:13 they did come to those beliefs via a consideration of the "facts". the difference is who they get their "facts" from. so many people are completely brainwashed.
Derek, I understand the point you're trying to make here, but there are some serious problems with how you're presenting the results of this poll.  #1: You do not tell us the question that you asked the people you interviewed about the guns. You show us shots of them discussing what they're looking at, but we do not know how you phrased the question. Did you ask, "Here are the results of a research study. Do you think that gun control increases or decreases crime?" or did you ask, "do these numbers show an increase or decrease in crime?" The first question asks people to MAKE A JUDGEMENT on the results of a hypothetical study that you have told them nothing about, about a topic that they may already know a lot about. Many people might have already seen many similar, REAL studies in the past that gave conflicting information.  The second question prompts them to interpret some numbers. They may STILL answer that question the same as the first, but undoubtedly some would not. I think that the only completely reasonable answer to the first way of phrasing the question is, "this chart does not tell me nearly enough information to reach a conclusion." Any science student asked to form a conclusion based on nothing but this chart should get a failing grade for their general science literacy. How many people actually answered, "I don't know; this doesn't tell me enough to reach a conclusion"? Why aren't those numbers shown in the results you're showing us?  #2: As many other people have pointed out, the way you present the sample data TO US, in the video, is "crime increased" and "crime decreased". The materials you are showing other people say "crime improved" and "crime worsened" with green and red arrows. This MIGHT result in the same answers and it might not.  The thing that these issues have in common is that you are presenting us, your audience, with a potentially misleading representation of your experimental setup, which, very ironically, leads to the final issue that many people here have brought up: TRUST. Many people have learned to be extremely skeptical of reports of studies that they read about in the news that have political implications. If someone came up to you on the street and showed you a chart that supposedly showed that climate change didn't exist, would you just say, "yep, I guess that's what it says!" or would you attempt to have a conversation with the person to change their mind because of the damage that their message can cause?  Why does it matter WHY these people argued for their belief instead of accepting the numbers you put in front of them? Because if you misunderstand the cause of this behaviour, you cannot fix it. In your video, you've focused mostly on needing to make people aware of their political biases, but mostly skirted around the fact that most people are surrounded by terribly presented information by self-serving sources and even if people know how to read a study with a critical eye, even experts in a field have difficulty sorting through the haystack to find something trustworthy. But unfortunately, ironically, this video (though I 100% agree with what I believe your ideological intentions to be) is actually a PERFECT example of what to be on the lookout for: An ideological message wrapped in the trappings of a scientific study and presented in a way that prevents the viewer from verifying your conclusions by giving them an undistorted view of the setup and the result data.  My challenge to you, Derek: either re-make this video to the standards of scientific literacy that YOU are hoping the general public to reach, or re-make this video with a big disclaimer at the beginning saying: "I performed this poll for the purposes of illustrating a point that I think is extremely important, and is based off of this research paper that I invite people to read. This poll and the way I am presenting the results are not an example of scientific research." You reach a tremendous amount of people and I believe that you have a responsibility to lead by example. I WANT this video to be good because I believe in the ideological argument you're making, but right now, I don't believe it is.
Smarter people are more likely to be skeptical of the study. They're not getting the question wrong, they want additional information. They may be pressured to give an answer when they would be more comfortable abstaining.
Literally got the answer right within 5 seconds of seeing the table
“Did worse” proves they’re not smarter. C’mon Veritas!
I used a different form of proportional reasoning, seeing that twice as many rashes improved from no cream to cream, but more than three times as many rashes worsened.
Im so smart I completely missed the question 😂
I'm surprised by the number of people in the comments who seem to think the results in the paper came from the people in the video while they were on camera.
So confirmation bias is still 100% a thing in math, got it😂
Oops, all propaganda.
Me who used proportionate reasoning: 😎 Am stupid
I have a rash and now own a gloc
The difference between the questions isn't just the "politicalness" though. In one case you have a controlled experiment, where you can assume away a lot of confounding variables. In the other case it's an observational study of different locations that are radically different—it's not an experiment, and is subject to far greater subjective interpretation since your theory can involve many more involved variables.  If they kept the language and said "cities were randomly selected to do X and then did so with maximum compliance" then maybe these results mean something.
The moment he said Americans, I had all the "dumb American" and "gun violence" stereotypes. And then I watched the whole video just to go down that same route 😂😂
I forget where I aw this but and insightful idea about how people reach conclusions is the distinction that people are not LOGICAL they are RATIONAL our brains are not hardwired to need the exact RIGHT answer, we simply need good 'reasons' for our beliefs.
The gun question should have been a question about vaccines or something more testable.  Social issues are not like scientific issues.
So conclusion to this study is, if you are not insanely smart enough you can't break your biases and political views. And that is terrifying for me.
Well nice to see a study on this but it is blindingly obvious in this 2024 election season that rationality goes out the window when partisan matters are in play. Hardly a revelation but important for all who can to be aware if the impact of ways of thinking on supposed knowledge.
The rider and the elephant in action
I thought the right answer was  data is insufficient. To make a certain conclusion.
In other words, people who are really ignorant won't use reason or their Brains properly
The more a person values rational data, the more their irrational views remain in a fragile & naive stage.(High numeracy)  Conversely, the more a person values irrational perspectives and internal feelings, the more their regard for data remains in a naive stage. (Low numeracy)
People are emotional. Perhaps the problem lies not on the fact we are emotional, but more on that we believe we’re rational and less emotional
Determining a singular point of this video is impossible. The video even proves the title to be incorrect, which sadly demonstrates Derek's continued descent away from veritasium and into clickbatium.
I want to replicate this study personally
So, what you're saying is citizens should need to meet a standard in order to vote.  ;)
I feel like this probably could also be due to having previous sources
Wow great work man. You are attacking a problem that seems hopeless. Thanks for posting.
I don't think the conclusion is acurate. If people don't have the tools to engage in the problem they will just flip a coin so no bias because they simply don't know. The study just shows smart people will bend their thoughts to their ideology, that's bias, not a surprise.
Okay my question is why was there such a difference in control vs sample in that skincare study
Aren't the low numeracy results pure noise?
2:21 Good video, but why is the "a" in Vienna shorter than the other "a"s?
Confirmation Bias!
Honestly I get so irritated on some "polls" like this. Even the Skin Care cream was built in a way that was deceptive. So are you telling me (based on the numbers) that you had only 128 people who didn't use the cream? And was it verified that they didn't use something else? Are you certain that only 298 people were given the cream, that they used it, and that all 100% of participants returned data, specifically data that was reliable?  While I understand the claim (that the % of rashes that improved from the cream [74.83%] compared to didn't improve [25.17%], had a higher failure rate than the % who didn't use the cream and still improved [83.59%] compared to those who didn't use but also got worse [16.41%]), I would immediately realize that the sample size is too low. The chance of error affecting the data is too significant. But this "question" doesn't permit for a person answering to opt to not agree or disagree, nor does it allow clarifying questions.   I absolutely bet that anyone would be able to frame this, with the original data (just the chart and the 4 numbers), and frame it in any way to coerce the answer they are looking for. And that is in addition to the low sample size (larger skew for error in data) and the deceptive methods of attempting to conceal info by leaving comparisons directly next to each other.
Basically, bias.
The US population is HIGHLY propagandized... to divide us. With us pointing fingers at eachother, we are too busy fighting with eachother than focusing on fixing our broken government.
"... without villainizing the other side.." Needs to be underlined and mentioned over and over and over again..
This is confusing: "crime improved" with a big green arrow pointing up, "crime worsened" with a big red arrow pointing down. This would be far less confusing: "crime increased" with a big red arrow pointing up, "crime decreased" with a big green arrow pointing down. They/you were careful about this in the graphs in the video, but you surely confused people on the streets.
Fascinating, objectivity should not be a manifestation of belief system but it appears it is, especially when a population is so deeply and deliberately divided by the magnified extremes of modern media
I think this video makes a huge leap in logic that isn't really justified. It seems to me more than a little absurd to consider a random guy in the street with a cardboard filled with unsourced numbers "compelling evidence" that is being overlooked by tribalism and partisanship.  Not to say that people don't carry biases from their political affiliations, or that people in general are in fact all perfectly rational actors, but people disbelieving a person they've never met is not a sign of irrationality. If taking strangers at their word is a sign of open minded rational thinking then things like Flat Earth can be rational positions so long as you had it pitched to you by a guy with graphs on the street.
The term smart or iq are suuuuper flawed. If im an absolute genius and was sheltered my whole life i would score low. Having low working memory alone and being super skilled in all other areas can destroy iq scores. Teaching people to be unbiased from a young age would greatly reduce the issues we are currently dealing with. Doesnt matter what your iq is, you will be able to carry yourself in a logical manner.
You can only be objective about things you don't care about. At best.
Bad analogy imo.  Rash + cream = results (very little variables) Gun + legislation = results (so many confounding variables that data and correlation become much more difficult to analyze. Leaves more room for opinions)
@veritasium  This further proves a meta-analysis of mine. Considering theories of the “wise mind,” politics/elections expose objective critical thinkers of the wise mind as a minority in opposition to those that rely on emotion or logic primarily.
Well put indeed. Thank you.  Wish we all have the insights on our own shortcomings.
Maybe I'm dumb but...doesn't the reasoning for the correct answer to the skin-care question fail to take into account that number of people in the Experimental Condition whose rash would have got better anyway even without the cream?🤔 (We know from the No Cream condition that 84% of the time, the rash improved even without cream, and that 16% of the time, it got worse without cream).  Once you remove those participants from the Cream condition, you end up with (I think) just the people to whom the effect of the cream can be attributed...63 people whose rash worsened due to the cream and 37 people whose rash improved.  So, you'd arrive at the same conclusion anyway.  However, this isn't the case if the numbers were changed slightly...if we drop the numbers in the [Rash Worsened with Cream] condition from 75 to 40, then the opposite conclusion is true. I wonder if the authors tested this?
Blame it on the media. They lie with data all the time. People are smarter than the study gave them credit for. People won't play along if you show them data that disagrees with other studies they've seen. They know better. And they were correct, this was NOT real data, it was made up. They got the answer right, regardless of which side they were on.
I wonder if there’s a reason this video was released the day before the elections? ;)
Is that so? It's no wonder why there's not many intelligent people these days. Who knows where they're hiding. Even I have a hard time condensing this problem into cubits to be able to further analyze what the question is asking us to do.
I enjoy your videos.  But would you please lose the incredibly annoying background music ?
Before getting on with the video, my answer for the rash problem is worse.  Edit: Got it right.
The first question about the creams was misleading in the way that it was asked. “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse?” is different than asking “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse than the control group?” The first way disregards the control group entirely, which in doing so would lead one to say that the cream made the rash improve… which it did. Just not as well as using no cream did. The second way of asking the question takes into account the entire experiment.
This is a perfect example of how even clever Americans can get sucked into the vortex of ignorance. In one case you present a neutral skin cream case and in the other a gun violence case. You ignore the obvious external absolute and unequivocal proof from outside america that guns==death. People with greater numeracy are also more likely to have greater awareness of global statistics and would, of necessity, have to minimize your obviously false sub-sample on the evidence of their much larger global sample of gun violence. I expect better of your critical faculties.
This shows that smart people can pretend to be dumb when they want the results to be in their favor
TEDx Talk: 15K views in 1800 days (5 years) Veritasium: 126K views in 1 day 🎉 Hi, tribe! 🙈
im really drunk rn, based on the initial chart the no cream seemed better, i didnt run the maths or anything. that s just how it looked, am i in the stupid category?
"intuitive answer" if you have a terrible intuition and no reasoning
Did anyone ask: what were the total number of participants? What was the count of "no change"?
I have a much different possible explanation for this.  No-one has a pre-researched position on the efficacy of a particular skin cream, so people answer this question like they do a math problem.  However, many people could have a political belief that is very well researched, and then they see a random person walking up with an elementary chart.  No actual research presented, no context, no authors of a study or explanation of methodology or anything.  It's perfectly rational in this case for skepticism to kick in, especially regarding a political topic that is often misrepresented.  In this case an educated, intelligent person might say to themselves "this random little poster isn't going to sway my opinion about a topic that I am very well researched in."  The video didn't entirely make clear how the question was posed and the exact nature of the responses and whether a response like this is being accounted for.
What does getting it right in first 5 seconds mean😅
I always knew there was benefits to being stupid 🤓
I'm impressed on the quality of the video and the clear effort to taking an unbiased and scientific standpoint. It's easy for people to scan this video for any reason to get riled up over politics, yet per usual, Derek delivers a high-quality, purely scientific video which forces people to listen to the stats.
great video! This reminds me so much of Corn Pone Opinions by Mark Twain.
I must be stupid cause I got it right😂
The data presented was very basic. No one cares about if the cream works or not, but when you attach a greater significance people are going to question the data if it conflicts with their beliefs. The smarter you are the more likely you are to use your own critical thinking to question the validity of the data presented. If the data supports your belief or expectation you have no reason to question further as it’s safe to assume it is correct. I questioned the parameters of the data on the first question just as much as the second but ultimately, given no further information I answered the question in the mathematically correct way both times.
No it ISN'T the same question. One is asking about skin cream, the other is asking 'Do you agree that 2+2=5?' in a world filled with hack journalism. People don't want to get tricked into supporting policies, on camera, that can get people killed. I don't think it's politics you're measuring. At least on one side it's basic human empathy.
Idk the details and i'm not gonna look into it but the way the video presented the study you can also conclude that questions with more implied context lead to people making up info with what they know, and that's absolutely sure to reflect their beliefs.    People can easily take the first question as simple data because most people are not super invested on how rashes or skin works and they have no info on what the cream even is. Political scenarios with this sort of simple reductive data leave a LOT of space for people to wander around their own head because the data itself doesn't paint any kind of picture.   Which type of crimes rose or fell? What was the actual policy? How was the policy enforced? What happened to the guns? How was the home security? If you fill your head with these questions and infer context from your beliefs those tiny data points can't even get into the reasoning.  (Smart people are indeed biased by logic, my rationalizing anxious ass knows it by experience, it's just the study as it was presented by the video isn't as conclusive as implied.)
overstreet over at the street
Um I used math to correctly solve each - I think the issue is intuitive thoughts. People might see a bigger number, but instead if you add them together and divide by the side you're looking for you'll be able to correctly determine which has the bigger difference.
The "intuitive answer" is something I totally skipped because I did not even think about it in the first place and went straight to "proportional reasoning" (of which I did not know the term of). I just think perspective and context are important. This becomes even more important when the question involved guns vs crime. The only intuitive thought that popped up was that in BOTH cases much more context would be required before even considering an answer. Otherwise it would just seem like an example of someone trying to sell me a message (cfr. propaganda). Questions like What picture does it really paint? What am I really looking at? would immediately pop up.  _(also.. a rash vs deaths/shotwounds/robberies/etc... quite a world of difference to have a loaded opinion about. Especially politically loaded issues, not to mention the fact that for "conservatives" there is no change needed, whereas for "liberals" there is, which is also a factor that needs to be taken into account. With using the example of guns in a country like the USA I do not think that we're purely speaking about "smart" vs " non smart". This is ideology vs ideology. Tribe vs tribe if you will.)_  I agree with the final findings of the research. Removing polarization and investing in education could solve a lot of problems. Sadly... again.. there are groups who just do not agree with that because of several factors like money, power or control. At least we have channels like Veritasium helping to create a better world in that sense :)
Common sense takes a play User experience
Is this coincidence on the day prior to USA election day?
Seconds before you brought up x3 & x5 improvement, i was like wait hold up, in % wise, without is better.
You believe what you convince yourself to believe
I wish people would talk rationally and agreed upon facts. Sigh.  It is not just national politics. Office politics are just as bad. Mansplaining is part of this too.   How do you counter another’s motivation to defeat you by any means necessary?  Anyway, great video. 😊
The reality of all this is if you framed these as a trick question at the start in a faithful manner. I think every viewer gets the initial question correct because we know it will be misleading
So if the data supports your view, report it clearly with total participants, % results etc. if it doesn't, make it seem as though it supports you view.
The trick is turning off your brain
I got it right 💀
I got the wrong answer, but only because I saw the correct answer first and was like, "Nah, there's probably some annoying statistics quirk that makes the skin cream trial MORE effective than the control. I bet Bayes is responsible."
Bro, if a person didn't get that first question right there's no way they're a 9. :D
I think I am rational so this makes me want to be subject to such experiment to know if i am rational or flat-out biased
This reminds me of the scene in The Office where Kevin can do quick long division when the units are “Pies” but not “Salads”
If I was presented that data I will say it is fake because the control group has less number then the experimental group. Why would you design your experiment with a very obvious bias like that.
If everyone would just agree with me, we'd all be good.
This would have made more sense if the same number of people for each group was used
lol those graphs
10:00 the two-party system is kinda cultish, tbh  people should be allowed to think differently, and believe different things, without fear of persecution… but, under the modern two party system, if your ideas do not conform to your party’s, or another party’s, way of think, you will be faced with ridicule, and prejudice… this is common cult-like behavior  for example, i’ve tried keeping away from politics, and yet i have been harassed by both sides, because of my avoidance of politics, and refusal to conform to either side… additionally, i have also noticed people being ridiculed for their political beliefs, by the oppositional side (republicans harassed by democrats, democrats harassed by republicans)  to me, an individual who wants a society that has a diversity of thoughts & beliefs, with people being allowed freedom of thought, speech, religion/non-religion, philosophy, and information, this behavior is dystopian, because these very things that i want freedom for are being warped, skewed, perverted, and/or suppressed to conform to one of two parties
"Democracy is the theory that the people know what they want, and deserve to get it, good and hard." H.L. Mencken
people basically worship their politicians  so i’m not suprised
Correlation does not imply causation.. a truly intelligent person would query why the placebo had such a big impact on reducing "rashes" and deduce that there is something else happening here... The results aren't particularly useful for drawing conclusions
Incredible video
This is slightly off the topic of this video but I feel like the question was misleading. You didn't have an equal size of experimental group vs control group. Which forces you to use proportions, not your intuitive quantitative reasoning. Also, the underlying understanding in the first case, is that rashes improve on their own, and the cream proportionately made things worse. But in the second case, if you switch the labels, it means rashes **worsen** on their own, but the cream made things slightly better. Two very different intuitive understandings that you need to keep in mind to turn this table into an intuitive description. This is a really confusing exercise to me, who's very intuitive, i.e. connected to multiple forms of logic. And not always capable of remembering them all at once.  For example, at first glance, I blanked the concept of a control group, and intuitively assigned, in the first case, the underlying understanding that rashes improve on their own, to the efficacy of the cream only, leading me to just go by the large numbers. I'm not formatted to intuitively go to proportions, but neither am I to think about biology when faced with a math issue. I just looked at the people using the cream, and if more improved than worsened, then the cream worked. I didn't need the control group, because I'd blanked the idea there are other factors affecting the state of the rash. And I don't think I'm horrible with numbers. I'm not the best, but I'm not the worst.   So I'm not sure this exercise measures "numeracy" as you say. I think it measures familiarity with math exercises, and indirectly,  how formatted you are. Which may explain why political polarisation goes up with "numeracy". It's just that these are the people who are good at sticking to a set of rules, and have trouble relinquishing them, and are formatted in one way, and aren't distracted by other patterns. The very definition of stubborn. So this experiment is likely just confirming that the trait of stubbornness, is stubborn. Indeed, those stubborn with math rules, are likely to be stubborn with political opinions. And "science curiosity" measures those who are not necessarily good at math, but open to new ideas. And these people are not formatted, and by definition are open. So open people are open and stubborn people are stubborn. This very basic fact is just hidden in all the jargon. I would redo the experiment, but pick people whom you suspect are the least formatted, and hopefully some are good with numbers too. Measure if those people who are good with numbers but not too formatted have as strong a political opinion, as the stubborn people in this study. Being good with numbers isn't by definition a good thing Dereck. It's all you science Youtuber's weakness. You thing numeracy means intelligence.  In essence this study may just tell us nothing at all. Much love motherfuckers ❤
Wow Derek, that's probably the most depressing video of yours I've watched 😢
Interestingly I think a big problem is interest groups dividing people into different groups.
this is just a video on bias, there's a word for it.. called "bias" nothing really relevant on the video
See im just one of those independent fools thats forced to vote dem.
Any idea how independents did on the questions?
Clickbait title! Nothing here to show how "smarter" people do worse. It only shows that belief systems overrides numeracy for ALL people.   For the political question I would argue that numeracy was not even a factor in ether version of the question since they chose based on belief in either scenario (just turns out one of them coincidentally correct).    The idea at 00:09:28 is right on point! and in my experience is much more prevalent amongst smaller, less diverse, and less educated groups(e.g my family vs. corporate life)....but still present in all groups.
I think going back to no longer use polarising speech will be hard.. For that something big would need to happen.. hopefully something good not bad..  @1:52 If the people knew who got the cream that was supposed to help and who did not it's even worse since the placebo effect should also be measurable to some extend.
I think what I learned is that skin cream is the leading cause of political problems.
Logical outcome of this is that political parties are better off targeting smarter people as it is easier to get them to think irrationally. That could explain the politicisation and denigration of institutions in the West.
This isn't to do with being smart, it's to do with being capable of thinking properly. If you can't separate a problem from surrounding context then of course you're gonna fall into this trap, you're rationalising, not calculating. The problem isn't to come up with a reason, introducing politics just makes the dumber smart people think more about the reason instead of the problem.  Also my first thought about the original problem was "What about the no change results?", it's an incomplete data set.
One minute into the video, and I can smell simpson’s paradox
Quit calling stupid people smart lol
One very interesting book which covers this phenomenon in more depth is called "The Righteous Mind" by Jonathan Haidt. Even though one of its topics is about political biases, I think it does a very good job of being as neutral as possible.  One of the points made is how research shows that rational thinkers are very skilled at post-hoc reasoning. It might be some of this same research that this video leans on. A nice analogy he uses is that of a person sitting on an elephant and steering it around. The rational part of our brain is the driver. He's convinced that he's in full control, but he's really not. The elephant has the final say, and he will ultimately go wherever it leads.  And this isn't some kind of hurdle of reasoning that one can just "overcome" or "unlearn". Since it's innate human behavior, I belive that it has to be overcome again and again, in every moment. It's nice that many of us believe that we can be unbiased, but truly moving past even a minor bias is a painful and unpleasant experience. You have to be really motivated to question yourself constantly. It's mentally and emotionally exhausting.
Letting your ideology cloud your data interpretation is so counter-productive.  I think abortion is pure evil, but many Christians make a foolish mistake by denying abortion's impact on crime.  States and counties that had restrictive abortion laws before Roe v Wade so an massive drop in violent crime and property crime throughout the 90's, because poor and unwanted children have a very high likelihood of become criminals, and thanks to RvW in 1973 a whole generation of them ended up in biowaste incinerators instead of urban streets.  But honestly, neither political wing is comfortable with that set of numbers.  For a while the Left crowed about how the tremendous crime-fighting power of abortion, but then they looked at the racial correlations in the data and wanted to deny it all as much as Christians did.
Every single aspect of this is so flawed that it actually makes me sad to see Ve using it as subject matter.
I know this isn't the point at all but wouldn't the control and "experimental" groups have to be much closer to the same size to tell you anything really significant about the efficacy of the cream?
Your sea level rise example in Florida is not heartening.  Addressing that local problem means you've already failed to address the real issue.   The simple way to express the lesson here is ideology should be avoided at all costs.
math is math
So being good with numbers doesn't make you a good person? Curious!
Things you don't need a study to know
The solution is the solution. There is no other way to solve a problem than to solve it. It may sound obvious when I say that, but the solution to polarisation, is if we stick to our tribes for fear of rejection and isolation, to simply: get over your fear of rejection and isolation. Yet at the end of the video, you gave only a few tentative half measures to maybe get there. Even you are afraid of your audience, Dereck. You spend your time making videos to explain things, and yet bail with a "I don't have all the answers" at the last second. So why should I listen to you, because you have a teeny glimpse of an answer? Why is everyone so afraid to just offer up solutions? It doesn't mean you're judging yourself to be the best. It just means you own your opinion. And if you're wrong, you just change your mind. It's really not that hard. I've chosen to have intellectual integrity and I feel so alone in the world because no one has the goddamn balls to try to be the same. You're all afraid of committing to a course of action. And it pisses me the hell off. Much love motherfuckers ❤
I don't want to pay for news that will teach me to "become unbiased or objective". I'll try to do that for free.
Wow another title that is actually the complete opposite of the contents of the video. You got me good! Never going to watch your videos again
I think it would be beneficial to come up with a blind study with say, 20 questions to test how biased/ unbiased you are.  I think it would open people's eyes to their open/ closed mindset they might otherwise be blind to.
why didn't you go on the mission with no return dates there were talking planets veritasium
How is looking at the biggest number the intuitive answer?? What makes it intuitive? I would think that the intuitive answer should be looking at the proportions.
but what if i get it right
I have so much love for Veritasium, but how would this video be different if the FBI statistics that showed a 2% reduction in crime (in an election year) were revised AFTER the presidential debate to show a 5% increase in violent crime?  How would your usually outstanding analysis be different if the FBI's revision was the largest revision on these statistics in the last 30 years and was released without a press release and without press coverage?  We have something of a buffoon in Trump who actually performed well as president, but we have a phalanx of democrats in the press, in Hollywood, in big tech and in academia that are deceptive, censorious and abusive of power at levels not seen since the 1984 novel.
The title of this video is misleading.   Kinda disappointing because I was hoping to discover some interesting questions where instinct it actually better and 'smarter' people trip themselves up by overanalysing or something.  But I'm not mad, because it was still a good video regardless.   The more numerate people are more likely to get it right than the less numerate. The 'do worse' in the title makes you think it says more numerate people do worse than less numerate people, but that's not what the video shows. Both do worse (lose accuracy) when the context is political than they would if it wasn't political, and the more numerate people lose MORE accuracy. They still do better than the less numerate. (except that weird dip in accuracy in the middle of the numeracy scale; what's going on there? hard to say from data with no error bars)
1st, I'd like to say this wouldn't have tricked me. The reason is I am pro-gun because the purpose of guns is to defend against tyrants, and self defense is a secondary and lesser issue.  Also, you'd have to lie and say these are cities in another country because I'm well aware on 2A ban or restrictions.
The saddest thing is that I clicked on this video to escape all the political stuff for a while.
This video is super interesting
thats americans for you
guys i got 100%! wait a second....
remember: the "right answer" in this poll is made up.
11:00  Acknowledging real issues that affect real lives in real time is NOT partisan, tribalistic, or othering in any way. Issues are not people, and that's on a person to hear and deal with whatever is presented. Suggesting ignoring the real issuesis a dangerously ignorant and docile supposition. Unsubscribing and ashamed for how long it took me to do so. I have to assume you're either ignorant or compromised. Good luck
When that scientist will go to a remote Amazonian or aboriginal Stone Age tribe asking the very same questions about face cream or gun control, and he will get correct unbiased answers, I will start believing in this study.
I thought, "Neither I don't think these results are statistically significant."
Apart from the clickbait title, this was a really good video. I do think people will walk away from this thinking 'smart people do worse on these questions than less smart people', when it's really 'smart people (well, more numerate) do worse on these questions than they do on non-political questions'. And they lose more accuracy when politics in introduced than the less numerate do. They don't do worse than the less numerate, which is what the title makes you think you're going to see.
I love this video. A problem that i see a long time. I hope a lot of peole think a bit more rational and not so emotional
I got this right immediately. Guess Im a moron
I always love the logic of people essentially claiming "I don't have to be reasonable, because I'm right". Real change comes from open forum, not from echo chambers and cancellation.
The founders of the USA already did the best thing possible to mitigate this problem. Keep normal people out of politics and let elected representatives, who are theoretically more competent, make the bulk of the decisions. I think that's about all we can do. There's no amount of education etc that can teach people to stop feeding their egos.
I made note of the two ratios instantly.  Pretty obvious.
9:30 - Mostly we believe what we believe, to fit in to our tribe.  As a very critical person who needs factual evidence for everything, this explains why I've switched jobs 5 times in 7 years. I've been simultaneously annoyed and proud on myself, when I disprove my own old believes with new facts. I tend to repeatedly hurt my boss's their ego, for disproving their ideas with facts...   I apparently don't fit into any tribe...
I wish the gun control study had been shown without context so that we could have used our numeracy skill to evaluate the data prior to knowing that we were being tested for bias due to political affiliation. Then you could have shown the skin cream example and asked us to examine the numbers once more. Afterwards, you could have revealed the results and reasoning of the tests. As it is presented, I easily recognized that the skin creme was making the rash worse. I have no idea if personal bias would have led me to the opposite conclusion now. Seeing personal biases play out like this in front of you would have been incredibly valuable to viewers imo and I would have found my own result to be incredibly interesting.
crime overall has gone down. It may not be as noticed in cities. At the same time whats massively ignored is the fact that the majority of firearms used in cities with strong gun control come from states with little to no gun control. A study done in New york found that 93% of the guns used in violent crimes came from georgia, south carolina, and florida. The reality is that when we have "states rights" and some states exercise their rights and others don't it leads to these issues. Its no different than the alien enemies act and southern states wanting to go into northern states to "reclaim" their property (slaves). Only difference is in the example above its simply reversed.
I think this greatly depends on how the question was asked. if you ask "based on these numbers, which option gave a numerical improvement" you will likely get a different array of answers than if you ask "Is gun control / skin cream beneficial? Oh by the way, here's some evidence." Most of the people shown in the video were using reasoning that wasn't based on the numbers on the paper, they told you exactly why they chose the answer they did, and it didn't depend on their math skills.  They were also asked while standing in line at political rallies, where peer pressure from other heavily political people around them is a very real thing. If asked randomly off the street, and political leaning being one of the questions, I think the graphs would have been less skewed. The results say more about the influence of tribal thinking and peer pressure than about how numeracy relates to answering a math question. The title being incorrect also annoys me - if you're going to talk about not using buzzwords or twisting data in a video, don't twist the way you state the results in the title. There was a lower upward trend based on smarts than there was with the skin cream, not a reversed trend, and the title heavily implies that the trend reverses.
Wow veritasium “crime worsened” yeah real scientific
The religious liberty and human rights magazine Bitter Winter published an article on October 4, 2023, titled “NGOs at the UN Against Organ Harvesting, While Falun Gong Asks Italy to Save Lives.”  Authored by Marco Respinti, the article reported that two ECOSOC-accredited NGOs published a joint statement at the 54th session of the UN Human Rights Council between September 11 and October 13, 2023, condemning the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)’s organ harvesting crimes targeting Falun Gong practitioners.   According to the report, the statement by the two NGOs, the Coordination des Associations et des Particuliers pour la Liberté de Conscience (CAP-LC) and the Romanian Independent Society of Human Rights (RISHR), were supported by a wealth of other organizations, including Alianza Iberoamérica Europea Contra el Comunismo (AIECC), China Watch UK, Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting (DAFOH), Forum for Religious Freedom Europe (FOREF), the Gerard Noodt Foundation for Freedom of Religion or Belief, the International Society for Human Rights and its branch in Sweden, the International Council for Diplomacy and Dialogue (ICDD), the Korean Association for Ethical Organ Transplants (KAEOT), NPO Transplant Tourism Research Association, the Taiwan Association for International Care of Organ Transplants (TAICOT), and the Rotary Satellite Club of Ending Forced Organ Harvesting.  The statement was drafted based on reports by three leading investigators on the forced organ harvesting crime, including David Kilgour (1941–2022), David Matas and Ethan Gutmann, as well as the final judgement of the “China Tribunal.”  According to Bitter Winter, the statement raised several requests to the UN and its associated agencies, including 1) “call upon the WHO [World Health Organization] that the One Health agenda has to include a verification of the end to forced organ harvesting from Falun Gong practitioners in China”; 2) “call upon the UN Secretary General to initiate a fact-finding mission of forced organ harvesting in China via independent, international, unannounced inspections”; and 3) “call upon the UN Secretary General to inform all 193 member states of the United Nations about China’s persecution of Falun Gong and its unethical forced organ harvesting practice.”  As this year marks the 75th anniversary of the United Nation’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights and China is a member of the UN Human Rights Council, it should “immediately abide by the guiding principles of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and end the practice of forced organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners and any other prisoners of conscience,” said the statement.  The statement noted that several countries, including Israel, Canada, and the United States, “have initiated or passed legally binding legislations that aim to stop or prevent forced organ harvesting of prisoners in China.” Two examples were the House Resolution 343 passed by the U.S. Congress in 2016 and Written Declaration 48 by the European Parliament also in 2016. Also cited in the statement were the more than 3 million signatures collected by Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting in over 50 countries and a statement by 12 Special Rapporteurs to the UN in 2021.  The statement also said that the CCP’s decades of “state-sanctioned, forced organ harvesting of living people” should be indicted as “crimes against humanity,” making “the persecution of Falun Gong by the Chinese government […] one of the most investigated, yet largely ignored persecution of a spiritual-religious group in the 21st century.”  In addition to the joint-statement, a third NGO, Global Human Rights Defence (GHRD), submitted a separate statement to the UN Human Rights Council on May 26, 2023, according to Bitter Winter.  The GHRD statement said, “Too often, the government of the PRC has eluded questions and mocked reports as being mere fantasy. Unfortunately, these reports reflect reality. It is urgent that independent, bipartisan, non-confessional, and non-political investigations are carried out in the PRC to establish the truth. Official statistics produced by the PRC have been questioned by experts many times; it is time to discuss them openly and publicly with international experts. Numbers must be verified, practices must be verified, criminals must be indicted. Forced organ harvesting is a disgrace that the world must not overlook any longer.”  The Bitter Winter article also gave an example of the stories of two Falun Gong practitioners, Ms. Ma Xiuyun and Mr. Tang Pingshun, parents of another Falun Gong practitioner currently residing in Italy.   On August 15, 2023, Katerina Angelakopoulou, President of the Italian Falun Dafa Association, wrote to the head of the Italian government and several ministers. She pleaded: “We turn to you asking for your support toward their release, conveying to the Chinese authorities the respect Italy has for human rights and asking them to stop the persecution of Falun Gong practitioners, a crime against humanity that cannot be accepted by any democratic country like ours.”  Now, 17 years after the forced organ harvesting was first reported, the crime is still going on in China. While Falun Gong practitioners remain the main target, this practice has been extended to other groups such as Tibetans and Uyghurs. “While the reality of organ predation in the PRC gains growing attention on different media outlets, the victims of these monstrosity are not theoretical. They are real people in flesh and blood.” wrote the Bitter Winter report.
What does science say about the “gender spectrum” some scientists would argue it’s psychological while others claim gender is indeed a spectrum. Data can be manipulated to suit your bias just as easily as beliefs can. This video try’s to portray republicans as rejecting science but the truth is that liberals reject science at the same rate. A woman is easily identifiable by her chromosomes but liberals are quick to ignore the science when it doesn’t agree with them.
The whole problem with this is no one trust any studies anymore. I always here, for every study you find that says one thing I can find one that says the opposite.  A video on that would be NICE!
why you use a “person” as an “american” is that american unit?😅
What does science say about the “gender spectrum” some scientists would argue it’s psychological while others claim gender is indeed a spectrum. Data can be manipulated to suit your bias just as easily as beliefs can.
Is this why I have a breeze for my differential calculus classes but struggle like hell on stat?
Here is the problem I see with this study  Me being a pedantic asshole when the cream experiment was being explained thought "looking at some number of people with a rash and not giving them any cream isn't actually a control group. You need to give them some cream with no active ingredients to control for the placebo effect." also " why are the control group and the test group of such vastly different sizes"   Eventually I was like ok I guess they aren't trying to get that info and want me to just do the math. But here is the problem, it doesn't matter what the math says if the experiment was set up incorrectly. And people are much less likely to check if the experiment was set up correctly if they don't' care what the result is.   So because the findings are not controversial to anyone no one was really looking at how the experiment was conducted they were only trying to solve the math problem. In the case where they have a specific belief about the results they are going to go over where the data is from with a fine tooth comb.  In the real world it's generally not the math that it is at fault when studies get stuff wrong. It's how they set up their experiment.
Isn't the title a bit misleading? You showed that smarter people didn't do better... But they didn't do significantly worse either
Veritasium- Great video, one of your best. It really makes you think about unconscious bias. It's meant to be nothing but a maths problem but our brains and emotions turn it into a lot more. Wow!!!!
The findings are not statistically significant. Everyone in every answer gets it wrong by not asking if the findings are repeatable through an identical experiment or study.
and to think so many issues and non issues became a political question in the past years, where being politically correct has more to do with whose side you're on than using common sense... the polarization is becoming a bigger and bigger problem nowadays
All that is to say: technological society can't really work.  Either humans will go, or technological society will.
"likely get it wrong"? I think the conclusion is far fetched too much. The "a cream test results" - are meaningless to people, so they don't care what the "report" means, they just try to interpret the numbers using numerical skills. The "gun control results" - are contradicting with the people opinion, so the smarter are questioning the validity of numbers rather than numeracy and maths. Looking into data which contradicts a strong opinion causes scepticism and rationalization why the data may be wrong. E.g. at 6:35 the guy explains that the data could be just collected or interpreted incorrectly. In other words, the smarter people just think that the data could be deliberately manipulated and don't trust the data, challenge validity of numbers, rather than misinterpret the data. Nothing to do with numerical skills.
How insensitive. We're having a pretty contentious election like right now!
The data was in my opinion presented bad. And it is because in example with skin cream normally in experiment we try to find out if the skin cream is working or not. We do not check on purpose if it's make it skin worse. So the data was misleading in my opinion.
I scored high on IQ and saw it right away. I'm puzzled that smarter people don't get it.
How much of this is because of people's ideology, and how much is because of other "evidence" they think they have?  If you showed a bunch of professional gardeners studies that showed fake numbers for what the best date for taking plants in for avoiding frost, which disagreed strongly with their experience, would they make similar sorts of mistakes?  I know lots of people who mostly match one tribe, but have loads of "exceptions": conservatives who strongly support welfare programs, etc; Pat Robertson believing that mj should be de-criminalized.  What if the polarization isn't tribalism, but selective information exposure?
I was completely overthinking the problem. I immedeatly thought any serious study would have equally sized test and controll groups, and  that thus the amount of oeople whoose rash hasn't changed were left out.   With this logic the cream could actually be the better option depending on if a significant majority of the test group had their rashes go away, even if sime had gotten worse.
Me who gets the question right, for the wrong reason  XD
05:02 should have been "republicans have been bought by the NRA and other gun lobbies and have been sent out as mouthpieces for their OWNERS" but I know you would lose viewers if you stood on these facts -waiting for the contrary comments   lobby   -   SPENT 2024   -   former govt employees 43% national shooting sports foundations   -   5 million national rifle association   -   1.5 million safari club international   -   740 k gun owners of america   -  650 k national association for gun rights   - 540 k  lobby   -   SPENT 2023   -   former govt employees 46% national shooting sports foundations   -   5.4 million national rifle association   -   2.3 million safari club international   -   990 k gun owners of america   -   3.4 million national association for gun rights   -   1 million   - opensecrets
dropping this video on election day with this suble centrism is actually crazy
This is going to be very unpopular but I think 8:46 is the highlight of this video.
This assessment is incredibly flawed !!
I will have to dislike the video because it is NOT about "smarter" people, its about BIAS. Seriously, you wanted to make it seem smarter people do worse, but no, its about BIAS. People who THOUGHT they already knew the answer didn't use their skills, they used their BIAS. Fix the clickbait title.
Just to show how statistics can be bent in many ways, to support any standpoint:  - Provided that with cream, 223 patients improved and 75 patients got worse. - Provided that without cream, 107 patients improved and 21 patients got worse. - This means that 107 of the 223 patients would have improved without cream, therefore the cream has actually helped 116 patients. - This also means that 21 of the 75 patients would have gotten worse despite the cream, leaving 54 patients that experienced adverse effects.  Conclusion: The cream is over twice as likely to help, then it is to have an adverse effect.
i actually got it right not because I'm dumb it's because i calculated the percentage that's it hhhh
There are differences between those two studies, the skin care one is far more controlled being the biggest one. Someone who is more intelligent will be able to construct better counter arguments and criticisms of the study to further intrench themselves into their side.
I just want to thank this channel for being nuanced and not showing any bias toward or against anyone politically.
Sorry man, I love everything else I've watched you do, but this is propaganda for dumb people. You're asking people's opinions, and hiding it in a bad chart.. well... the chart is clever because it's confusing, because it's hard to interpret (a bad chart). the message is guns are bad. i agree, but you're a youtuber. stick to fun stuff, avoid politics. (my opinion only)
So is the conclusion here that Democrats and Republicans should NOT be allowed to vote? and only independents should be allowed to vote?
I got all questions right even though me and others around me consider me to be really smart. Not to brag but I'm two grades ahead of where I should be in school. And I'm very right leaning. I think the title is a little exaggerated.
the paper this video is based on failed to replicate
Pride in one’s intelligence and reasoning abilities,  goes before a fall.
Seems to me like the people considering the skin cream data actually tried to analyze the numbers. The gun control they went straight to criticizing and rationalizing.
I wonder if you could ask somebody a list of these questions and guess their political leaning based off of the accuracy and type of question?.. It's an odd thought..
Terrible explanation. There's no basis to consider it's a tribal thinking, lol. It's the effect of bayesian reasoning. People have their strong priors, and new data has little effect. It's a useful thing in some cases. That's why people with my background (applied mathematics, mathematical statistics) don't like 'researchers'. And it's not even about talking such subtle topics as p-values and etc. All social, medical, biology studies must be reviewed by professional mathematical statisticians.
The points around 10:00ish, regarding the similarity of each side's people to the other, is very important. Your enemies aren't the voters the aristocrats are feeding on. Your enemies are the aristocrats feeding on them. And they're feeding on you too. Once we overcome that fake divide, and see who our real enemies are, their gravy train will come to a screeching halt. Red tie or blue, they are lying to you.
Posted a day before Americans need to vote lol
This video is incredibly flawed. People aren't blank slates with no previous knowledge. Just showing one study and thinking that that should change your mind even with the mountains of evidence suggesting otherwise is ridiculous.
Amazing video
Being wrong is not the end of the world you must be open minded and willing to acknoledge the other side presbectives and also keep learning
The table in the skin cream question is purposely mislabeled. People would get it right if you would have labeled the columns total sample a number of people that got better, instead of total sample and number of people that got worse.  It's not a question of getting the answer wrong it's a question of reading comprehension. Though I doubt random people on the street would get it right anyways.
Oh man, I didn't get any of these questions right.    Now to watch the video.
It's a rash cream because it causes rashes. Duh
I`d guess: When people are questioned about data, and they know nothing about the subject, they are somehow forced to use mathematical reasoning to get a good answer, because they have developed no heuristics for this situation (simple thinking patterns).  But people believe to know more about whether gun control works, and thus they do not use their mathematical skills so often,  and use their heuristics to get an easier solution. I think,  it is not only about politics. I do not think, that this is about following a herd or something - needs more research.
you need to take an odds ratio
"No villianizing the other side" - Modern politics will stop work :)
I dont believe i came to my political conclusions by considering facts at all. Facts only matter if you are a utilitarian or other form of consequentialist. We tried to do away with consequentialism with the declaration of human rights - human rights are deontological in nature. Unconditional. If you flipped the switch of the trolly, murdering one person to safe 5 million, you are an evil murderer, simple as. Or indeed if you slightly infringe on their liberties to safe 5 million lifes, thats also obviously not acceptable.
Isn't this study somewhat moot as it just compares neolibs to neolibs? I think this study cannot be done in the US due to the Overton window shifted very far to the right
For me, it makes no sense that u have 2 groups (1 with an experiment condition, 1 with 'placebo') and the 2 outcomes are 1) Rash improved and 2) Rash WORSENED. Why should a Rash in general got worse? That's like u have a "positive" and a "negative" outcome what tricks the question hard for me. Maybe I do hard here because of language barrier and it's easier to understand as native speaker.  For me it would make sense if you phrase it like that: Using the experimental cream: a) Rash improved b) Rash not improved vs. control group: a) Rash improved b) Rash not improved. And then it would show that u have n = 298 for experimental group and positive improvement ~74.8% (223/298) vs. control group n = 128 positive improvement 83.5% (107/128).  It's actually still the same result kind of, but the question in the start already confusing for me cause of phrasing.  Next questions would be how big "n" would need to be that a result is significant and how good the result needs to be for that.
I wonder what kind of results do you get when you present AI with these questions? I can imagine a variety of possible outcomes, some very objective, others terrifying.
This vid is snowball for Ground News. Ty, great job
why the experimental group is 2 times bigger than the control group
In the first study, since the cream was assigned at random we can se the proportions as talking about causality. In the second table, the data isn’t experimental it’s observational, the cities that got different legistlation didn’t do it randomly, there may be a confounder variable that affect both the legislation and the crime rate.
We could just dissolve the political parties, at least in any official capacity. Has anyone tried that?
Amazing Video
I'm surpised they found a republican with a numeracy of 5, let alone 8 or 9
I wonder how we could determine the effect of the camera on this study. I'm not talking about any stress or whatever but the idea that the footage could be edited to make a clickbait video about people not really believing in their values or something like that
We need to re-embrace an unbiased media and stop the junk science.  The constant propaganda and manipulated data to support narratives being fed to the masses forces the division.
I was interested how this video would turn around with the wrong answer. And while I’m surprised that it’s so significant, as a European this specific example is meaningless to me 🙃 Though I obviously don’t think anyone is  immune to propaganda
My first question on the skin cream was "how many stayed the same? Where is that option?"
Outstanding
5:01 He believes his audience is mostly democrats because he thought he needs to explain the republican reafon for their believe but not the democrats reason for their believe
Yet another enlightened centrism take…. You can’t keep presenting the two sides as equal here. They’re not n
Increased Individual intelligence levels do not necessarily reduce bias. Only open discussion and shared experience can help us collectively find the truths of this world
This is sort of a Dunning-Kruger Effect isnt it?
it feels like there are too many political studies that cherry pick statistics to align with their political views, and then there are the "fake news" propaganda, that muddy people's ability to make an informed decision.  I can think of many examples of news pieces where conservatives and liberals are debating an issue and a fact is presented that does not align with one of their views and they immediately say they don't believe the numbers.  Charlie Kirk brings up government statistics in his campus tours where students often think he's making things up, and even when he says it's from the government, they still deny it.
You are wrong.
Something completely unmentioned here is the fact that you're presenting people with a potentially new piece of information against their own collection of information gathering that brought them to a particular conclusion. If someone walks up to you and offers you information that you perceive is an outlier to the rest of your experience, then it's generally not worth considering. Their reasoning is just fine. The reason why they don't entertain the data in a vacuum is because there's no vacuous data on an issue many people are aware of. Whereas the skin cream question is in a vacuum because no one knows anything about skin cream. It's also not rational to be so shaky in your conceptions that you drop them in an instant.
Idk about this one I kind of get that inherent biases might influence whether we apply "numeracy" to the problem, which is a fair assumption. But it still shows that higher numeracy leads to higher accuracy in all cases (comparing the very low to the very high), except for a middle "bump" present in all lines, so it seems better understanding how "numeracy" was scored is crucial to understanding this effect. What is the score distribution? Do we really have enough sample size for the very highs and very lows? It just seems that "the smarter you are the less accurate you will be" is not a reliable conclusion from the results. I guess there being a TED talk about it should have tipped me to the fact that we'd be much more likely to get "sensational" rather than "comprehensive" information.
What a great reminder for everyone to humble us :)
Inuits have 50+ for snow, liars have infinite amount of words for lie. And you have just made some more of them. Quit sugaring the fact: people KNOW the right answers, they straigt up LIE. The question is: why do they act so dishonest, who have taught them to lie, what made them think that lying is good?
The disappointment i felt when i found out the  skin cream question wasn't designed to trick.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Incredible video! I needed to see this!
Gun control was an especially bad political topic to use, specifically because of the 'studies' that exist in the real world. The ones that get media play are at best hot garbage, and at worst a thin veneer for fascism, and people know it.  Then one of the scenarios you presented looks exactly like what the subjects have already seen in studies that lie, just straight up fabricate results, or abruptly stop the study and bury the results when they aren't turning out how the politicians who initiated it want... and so as a result, your test scenario is also untrustworthy.  So what topic would I recommend using? I'm not sure, maybe nuclear power, there the only active confound would be Kyle Hill having done too good of a job as a science educator recently.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Here we go with the libby 'both sides-ism' and 'reach across the aisle-ism' between centrists and the threat of rising fascism
This was super helpful, thanks!
This was super helpful, thanks!
I think this can be explained by the fact people think in Bayesian Probability terms. You have a prior belief, when new data comes in, it will shift your prior belief depending on how statistically significant the data is. So when people have a very biased prior, it’s not all that surprising that their posterior belief wasn’t shifted all that much if they question the significance of the data.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
As I'm studying Quantitative Aptitude for a year now.. i got all tfe problems corréct. Besides Quant, I also study General Reasoning.  I'm sure i wouldn't be that rational with the problems when i was studying Trigonometry or Calculus
The only ideology I have is that math is the best subject
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Just even more proof that all sides of the political spectrum are the problem.
that's kinda explaining what happens if you don't know how to do science  people like coming up with a conclusion and then pointing at the evidence, rather than gathering the data and draw conclusions out of it, then consider many factors that could be correlated
Thank you for the great content!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
This is an idiotic study. The core assumption that they base the entire study off of is that Republicans think gun control increases crime and that is not why Republicans are against gun control. Republicans are against gun control because they believe in following the constitution and don't want people infringing on the rights given in the constitution
Oh eve of Elections, eh?
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
It means am dumb, goodbye astrophysics
"dang it.  i hate it when i'm right" ahh problem 😭
It's because we teach algebra and the periodic table instead of statistics and finances in school that people don't see this. The education system is flawed.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Went to a Trump rally and everybody their got 100%
When you fake data dont be suprise that people try to figure out whats wrong with this data or that this data realy show
Amazing content as always!
okay so if 107 people got better without the cream that means that there's a chance 107 people will just Get Better regardless. Which means of the 223 who used the cream, 107 would get better anyways so the cream really only improved 116 people. On the counter, 21 people were seemingly going to get worse anyways so of the 75 only 54 got worse in correlation to the cream. So if the cream seems to make 116 people better and 54 people worse that means the cream has about 2/3rds chance of improving you, which would mean it Works. Perfectly rational. This is not the math to get the right answer and I have a degree in it.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Are you pro- or anti-skub?
brilliantly timed video
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Me screaming at the screen "ratios people! Ratios!" For 3 minutes straight before he revealed what was going on.
None of your potential solutions will work Derek, as long as whatever you are attempting to apply them to, is a zero-sum game.  Speaking specifically with regard to the political realm, it's irrational to think that 341 million Americans fit squarely within Democratic or Republican theologies - and I use that term intentionally.   A binary system leaves no room for creative thinking, much less critical thinking to solve current and future problems.
The clickbait titles on these lately have me unsubscribing
i may not be smart but i disagree. smart people generally understand how proportions work
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Yet again, confirmation bias turns out to be a bitch.
Wow this is a great thought provoker’, thank you for helping to make us all ‘curiouser’, as we should be.🏍️🇨🇦
People going to a political rally may not be representative of 'smart people'.  Dispassionate analysis of data is what science is supposed to do.  I'd be interested in a similar study of ONLY scientists doing top level research.  It would be interesting to find out if politics or their initial hypothesis biased them when it came time for conclusions.
I think another factor is that most people are likely assuming that both groups are the same total size... Because that is what's most often the case in studies.
tldr people are stupid
Never underestimate the power of confirmation bias. 😬😅
I'm so stupid, I would still overthink it 😂
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
hey derek - you're interpretation of an actual outcome here relies on a borderline p-value. the chi-square on the 2x2 table corresponds to a p-value of ~.05, i.e. borderline significance.  observers with contradictory political beliefs are more likely influenced by priors that moderate their perceptions of this threshold. consequently, gun advocates/opponents will perceive the p-value of 0.05 for gun control/freedom as insignificant if non-affirming. they are neither unintelligent nor innumerate for those judgments.
Amazing content as always!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I dont like the choice in comparison at the 7:08 mark. It implies that the tables are the same and only the items  (Skin cream vs guns) are switched. This is not the case as improved rash is a positive while increased crime would be a negative. This seems to intentionally misleading. To really test this use the same adjectives, increased vs improved would likely cause a difference in it self in the same skin cream question.
Testing an anti-aging cream on identical twins can indeed produce more reliable results, especially if the goal is to minimize genetic variation in the study. Here’s why this approach can be advantageous: 1. Genetic Identicality      Identical twins share the same genetic makeup, meaning their skin's genetic-based reactions will be very similar. This consistency eliminates the genetic variability that would naturally arise among random test subjects with different skin types, melanin levels, or other genetic differences.  2. Control Over Environmental Factors      If the twins live in similar environments, the lifestyle and environmental influences on skin aging are also more controlled. This is particularly important because anti-aging results are significantly affected by factors like sun exposure, diet, and stress. With random test subjects, such factors would introduce much more variability.  3. Reliable Comparisons      By applying the cream to only one twin while using the other as a control (using a placebo or no treatment), any observed differences more likely reflect the cream’s true effects. This method helps isolate the product's impact since the twins are otherwise identical in genetics and, potentially, environment.  4. Consistent Results      With genetic variables largely eliminated, the results are likely to be more consistent compared to testing on random subjects, where diverse reactions would lead to a wider range of outcomes.  In Summary  Testing on identical twins provides a clearer view of the anti-aging cream’s effects because the genetic similarities make it easier to distinguish the product’s true impact. This approach is more reliable and yields more consistent results, making it highly effective for objectively assessing the cream’s effectiveness.  Chatgpt
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Very good🙌
I thought republicans were more pro gun than democrats?
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Thank you for the great content!
so just confirmation bias
Now ask trans people and non binaries
If you make guns illegal, you increase crime because now everyone with a gun is a criminal. Lol If stealing was legal, then crime would go way down because what used to be crime is no longer crime. So get rid of laws and crime disappears. Lol
Just normalize the data by dividing by totals and you get something that is much more obvious to work with. Table seems to be laid out vaguely somehow. The Normalized data reads 83.6% -> 74.6% == an improvement of -8.8% as a result of using the cream.
This Title Is Actually Fantastic! Generally I strongly dislike the click bait titles Veritasium has started to go with, although I can't blame the choice if that's what brings in the money...  Great work overall. Although sometimes the focus on what is easy to understand sometimes loses enough context that I get annoyed. I should probably complain on those videos, but I have been trained by my culture not to say something negative unless there is an overriding positive message...  Hard to please anyone. And, you are pleasing many. 👍
Pretty sure Jesus proved this concept about 2000 years ago, and that's been a big interest of mine for the past couple years figuring out what people believe and why, as a general rule the higher your IQ the more biased you are
Title misleading. It suggests smarter people do worse than less smart people, rather than simply that they do worse on questions they have a bias towards.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I presumed it very obvious that both groups were equal and the "no change" groups were not shown. In that case the percentage of improvement from the skin cream is much higher than no cream. Very deceptive and misinformative set up for this fake study.
This particular study may not be telling us quite what you think.   When we're presented with the skin creme question, we assume - because it is simple and a-political - that the data is "good". That the experiment was not contaminated, that the creme is the only variable, etc. So we solve for that.  When we're presented with the gun control question - for as long as we think the numbers are real - we immediately remember all the flawed studies that we have seen on the topic. The variables here are multiple and cannot be controlled, the people collecting data are politically motivated, etc. So we assume the data is "bad".  For example, where the data showed an increase in gun crime, did the increase happen in shootings between criminal and normal citizen, or between criminal and criminal? Did the numbers reflect homicide or homicide plus suicide, as they so often do in real life? Where the numbers show a decrease, what was the crime that did not happen replaced with - no crime, or a "non-gun" crime? The numbers simply don't tell.  So we solve based on real life heuristics. Which is I think correct. This isn't necessarily our politics clouding our vision, this is real life complications breaking into simple math.
the political question is one they have already seen before this and they likely seen many charts and different information on it, so of course they will be biased.
I'm not sure it is that it effects the more intelligent more. Perhaps those who were less able were already getting it wrong, so they didn't have a chance to drop as far. I guess that asks if the drop was an absolute 25/45% (meaning 100% would be wrong + right answers, for 100% of answers) or a relative 25/45% (meaning 100% was the subset of people who got it right of whatever intelligence, and seeing how that drops.)  Probably relative, which means the 25-45% stands, and my thought is wrong or at least complicated. Absolute means the data is skewed.  That said, the point that bias sways us is pretty solid.
I got the first question right so I going to go with me being dumb (I’m at 1:47 and didn’t get further yet) Update: I looked further and ooof is it the reason why people successful in STEM seem to engage in batshit crazy ideas in humanities way more than simply uneducated people?
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
"Guns decrease crime" is not really a Republican viewpoint. The point of the guns is that they want the agency to protect themselves. (from criminals or from government or from boredom.)  The effect on crime statistics is not important to them.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
DAMM... Derek Nailed it!  I tend to believe that politicizing the education is part of the origin of this polarizing behaviour. Indeed, the fact of the polarizing being so evident in people with greater numeracy is a big red flag. Thse socalled Critical Thinking that schools shoutout they develop many time is corrupted as a "side" to choose . Evolve a real agnostic critical thinking is essential to solve this problem.
It depends if there is a missing group, not shown, whose rash stayed the same.
Honestly, my belief regarding gun control is that it decreases crime. As many crimes are impulsive actions, having guns just makes them worse, and more people with guns = more chances, that someone snaps and decides to "go postal" one day.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This is such a weird conclusion, as it assumes the made up researchers are completely bias free, to then assume real people are biased based on their politics for not trusting the biased made up research. You need to know what the actual truth is before you can decide who is getting it "wrong" for not believing the "false truth".  As in, let's say this was about food and exercise and health and weight or something along those lines, and then you ask a bunch of clinically proven unhealthy and healthy people in the same way. How would you ever conclude the healthy people would do worse if the "fake" stats said that living healthy actually doesn't contribute to your health, or in reverse if it justified the unhealthy people's perception in that it doesn't matter. Obviously there's an actual overarching truth that stretches over the wrong stats and people's biases/perceptions.  You can present me with a study that claims overeating doesn't make you fat, but I'll still conclude and reason that it does and tell the random guy on the street presenting me with research that it doesn't, that it does, especially if he tells me the research is fake and made up. Why would I "end our interaction" with the conclusion that "yes, your study is correct", and not leave him with having to write me down as someone who didn't want to accept the fake study.  Because that's really the only thing being tested here; if presented with fake data, is someone willing to have the researcher write them down as someone that accepted or not accepted that fake data. Thus, it only making sense "smarter" people would not want to be a statistic that says "yes, I accepted the fake data".
I don't feel the need to socialize and don't have an echo chamber but I still think Trump supporters are low-effort and low IQ. How many times can you hear, from a variety of people and sources, that the guy is lying and not believe it? Several have said, "facts don't matter". He IS the wedge.
Yep i knew i was stupid
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I actually learned this same lesson because of being in a cult. While I was in the cult life was good and I had my tribe, but because of getting smarter and realizing a lack of evidence for our beliefs I left. I ended up lonely and had to find a new tribe to fit in with.  Sometimes looking at the facts without any emotion is very dangerous.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
You can't make a proportional judgement without knowing what the total population. How many people's rashes stayed the same?
Obviously it made it worse because more poeple got worse rash from using than from not using?
So I'm stupid because I got the answer right?
I already failed the skin creme question... Now i feel so trump.
A Conflict of Visions by Thomas Sowell.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Title was a clickbait but the video was good :)
Thank you for highlighting the problem and very carefully being politically agnostic
Thank you for the great content!
I think the wording for how the 2nd problem is presented has WAY more effect than the study accounted for. Yes, the numbers are the same. But the way you conceptualize the problem is different cause the wording is kinda shitty (in the context of crime).  When talking about crime I feel like percentages help people conceptualize change more than "number of cities where it got better or worse". Presenting data that see OFTEN in a new way can be confusing (especially when it's just a quick street survey). This is probably why people default on their biases since the data is presented in a non-intuitive way (crime rates are more abstract than a study for skin cream efficacy).
This study doesn't replicate. Guys. You literally did videos on the replication crisis. You are part of the problem. YOU ARE MAKING SCIENCE WORSE.
The title is kind of click-baity. The people with higher numeracy did not generally do worse than the people with lower numeracy (in all shown datasets, numeracy 9 did way better than numeracy 0!). However, they did way worse than what would be expected if biases were not involved.
10:05 - I think the sentiment comes down to: If people realised they are more the same than they are different then there would be less hostility.
Thank you for the great content!
Vote for Trump!!!!!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
i think one problem you guys faced was that some people thought these numbers were real (even though it was stated that it was made up), and thats why they got all defensive about it and wanted to fact check it etc ppl probably just wanted to make their own ideologies clear instead of faithfully answering the question presented to them
Identity is the secret 😬
i find it weird that there is no apolitical group being questioned  we had political people answer an apolitical question and we had political people answer a political question so IMO the logical step would be to have apolitical people answer a political question to see if their results differ from political people
One of the best ways to reduce tribalism is to allow more tribes. That way, people can gradually shift from one to another instead of having only two extremes.
I really missed the point or something. So the ratio of the samples was wrong conclusion? And how that was anything to do with anything?
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
"Knowing Math doesn't help". If you got it wrong, then you don't know Math.
me who didnt get the question only - bro i must be god levels
I read a book called predictably irrational more than a decade ago. This episode made me think of that
3:05 that one lady with 0 numeracy score
Amazing content as always!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Really good explanation and I like that you also showed some solutions that people already use I just wonder if you actually talk about politics in a way that could trigger someone how do you apply the science there because facts arent always as clear as they are in your example (which is okay because it´s good to explain the issue) especially with issues that revolve around culture and religion it´s hard to find stats at all and to interpretate those and do that correctly is very hard especially as someone who is not trained to do that kind of work which I belive are most of us.  Anyhow cool Video and it definitly makes you a little more aware of your on issues in your belive I guess we can´t solve problems we don´t know about and this is a perfect example for this.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Wow One of your best videos yet. Thanks
I think I watch his channel too much.
I got all 4 of them correct before he told the answer. I have an IQ of 149, and I am strongly on one political party.
Yay. bias is a thing. I guess you can make a video out of it literally over half a century after it was extensively studied :)
I would love to get tested like this, and I would be horrified if I got it wrong.  Aha! And there, three minutes later, comes the answer. Tribalism.   I myself is very introvert, close to a hermit.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I think what makes this study confusing aside from politics is the way the questions are formulated. The rash improved is a good thing where crime increased is a bad thing, yet they are presented in the same way. They’re not exactly the same question, inherently they’re reveresed.
This was super helpful, thanks!
9:52 "If we question the status quo by rejecting that those around us accept as true, we jeopardize our place in society" - but what if the commonly accepted view is distorted by media, falsified statistics or marketing (which all seem to cover the same issue), e.g. margarine and teflon were considered healthy like 2 decades ago... I accept that math doesn't matter but we have to admit all these studies and polls rely on data, that was likely manipulated by their issuer (we live in the 21st century). So what really matters in the end? Nothing, I'd say, no political views, no numeracy. In questions like gun control and climate related measures our leaders only seek public support, hence the people are being served with data that they can agree with more easily. But in the end, it doesn't matter if they support the case in question or not. That's what I believe. Perhaps there are a few hidden corners on Earth, where this doesn't apply, I'm not sure. No heated debates please.
I wish I could thumb this up 100 times.  Stats ar often massaged to say what an audience wants to hear,  which only propagates this sort of tunnel vision thinking
There is also the phenomenon that policy should not be dictated by "data" alone. Data can be cherry-picked, have poor methodology, be presented in a way that conflates causation with correlation, and many other problems.
goddammit. I need to stop falling for clickbait. nice propaganda video
For those wondering, the paper is called, "Motivated numeracy and enlightened self-government". A co-author on this paper was Paul Slovic. My mom worked for him at Decision Research back in the 90's when he was doing his book The Perception of Risk. She's mentioned by name in the forward of the book. He's a really awesome researcher and person. When I saw this paper, I thought it was amazing he was still in the business and still doing great research.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
title makes no sense, no talk about smarter people
Everyone has presuppositions. Recognizing them is important. Denying them is dangerous.
Cognitive Dissonance can be a bitch.
Well… tell that to the other side!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I think too many variables were changed between the political and apolitical survey. Like, changing it from "people" to "cities" where things improved or not probably made a difference as well. Or, suppose the first apolitical question had been about blasting cities with specific types of high-energy radiation to test changes in cancer and 223 cities had reduced cancer rates and 75 cities had increased cancer rates, etc... I think you're going to get very difference answers (while assuming that cancer is not political... right? Please tell me that people aren't politically divided on reducing cancer). With that said... the conclusion this gets towards, about us all being a lot more similar than people realize, I think that's a very powerful message well worth spreading.
The point of the video presumes that scientific articles are somehow automatically correct, therefore to disagree with them means chose being wrong (????)  And the more smart you are, the more "you choose to be incorrect in bias of the group"  But scientific articles with political implications are the most SUSPICIOUS and require an extremely more delicate review. And the smarter you are, the more you will see this, focusing on critical thinking over academic authority
I certainly get the point and think it's a very interesting insight that people with high numeracy score worse on a problem which involves partisanship than with low numeracy, but the suggestion of avoiding 'buzzwords' like 'climate change' is pretty funny ngl. If climate change is a buzzword to a certain ideology, it kind of hints toward the ideology being the problem rather than the term. How can you focus on the issue at hand if the other side does not believe the issue is real?
Great job, this video was very useful!
Some deep truths in this one.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Imagine believing that gun control increases crime. Dumb dumb dumb
5:48 Bro has the solution right in his hands, but he ignores it and imposes his political view.
Studies are conducted by midwits, for midwits, to control midwits, all because they are the largest voting bloc.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This ignores what I think is the most important element. Statistics have regularly previously been twisted by many with political leanings in an attempt to use that to convince people. Thus people educated on that subject matter are highly likely to be very suspicious of any statistics. If those gun control statistics where presented to me I'd only have questions about the validity of the study, most of all as I know it can't be true. The Bruen decision made it unconstitutional to ban the carry of a handgun, there simply aren't cities in the US where that is true.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
"A study on skin cream is about as apolitical as it gets" This mf doesn't Skub
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
The example about guns is structurally wrong: it's like saying that the cream CAUSED the rash in some cases, that's why the fallacy. If you add this condition I just said, even in the cream case it works differently and you might interpret it differently
11:00 "No villainizing  the other side" Some things are discussed in good faith by two people that want to improve the world for everyone, but disagree on how to do it. Some things are just one group trying to effectively kill and enslave another group of people. In the latter, villainizing them is the only morally acceptable path, for they are villainous.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Thank you for the amazing video. It really made me think a lot about my way of arguing or my way of dealing with politics in general. Maybe this is now more important than ever. So once again: Thank you
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
please upload this video on the spanish version, it would really help me to make my friend less policitally radicalized
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I just would have said the cream is bad because youre more likely for it to get worse. there was no "it doesnt do anything" group, just better and worse. and it was more people used the cream and it got worse than not using the cream making the rash worse. that would make me nervous enough to not use it.
Great job, this video was very useful!
because our educational system is a radicalizatiing brainwashing machine. if you do well in school, you're probably influenced negatively in that regard
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Amazing content as always!
This is a very badly designed studies.  People are clearly biased by their political opinions.  However, the study complete fails to recognized that the results are biased by the actual correct answer.  There the conclusions are completely false, failing to differentiate the bias from politics and facts.  In short, there is a correct answer to the question: Do guns lower or raise crime?
First example implies that the cream does both. It makes it better and worse. Forcing people to abstract multiple values into one value is the real fallacy.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
So in other words, the higher your numeracy the heavier your confirmation bias
As soon as you are paying for something, you are biased. Ground news should be free.  Knowledge is power.  No blinders if you are sceptical of everything. For every study there is a study that says otherwise...
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Also crap data in and crap conclusions out
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This was super helpful, thanks!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
You explained this so well, thank you!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Great job, this video was very useful!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Why did 298 people get the cream, but the control group contains only 128 people? Or are there more people in both groups, but for the remaining it neither improved nor worsened?
This was very informative, appreciate it.
The main thing to learn from this study is to think about the things you believe are true without having proof. For example, you might think that gun control is bad, but do you really have any proof? Maybe you've red an article about it, or a paper. But did you check if that was true? How would you know? And if you read something that says gun control is good, why would that be wrong? Why fact check that article a lot and not the one that agrees with what you already think? Be open to changing your mind. And don’t think of people who believe differently as bad or strange. They just have a different opinion than you. I think if we all would think like that, the world would be more peaceful to live in.
Amazing work! Very interesting and really makes you think about my own stances. Thanks for the perspective change!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Guns improved my rash.
The problem with statistic is that it doesn’t show the long term effects 10-20 years down with various variables
I'd point out that even the most open-minded with regard to evidence aren't necessarily open-minded when it comes to VALUES. A person who believes in maximizing individual choice might oppose a policy that has good social outcomes (oppose controls on firearm ownership or use despite lower crime) because the liberty is indexed with higher value than the related social impact. The capacity to recognize a mathematical relationship doesn't necessarily reflect the partisan position. A totalitarian police state with cameras everywhere and limited choice would make for a fairly stable community order with low crime - think 1984, or Singapore if you're more utopian than dystopian - but most would reject the encroachment on privacy and individual choice despite the otherwise beneficial outcome.  Policy questions thus are issues of value, not of numeracy.  More interesting than supported policy positions is the dissonance between the mathematical facts and the assessed outcome.
“It shows that there is a particular type of problem, where the smarter you are the more likely you are to get it wrong.”  (0:04-0:08). Such a statement is patently false based upon the most reasonable interpretation of the words and stating it as the truth does a disservice to the paper and the truth. Here’s why:  To evaluate the truth of a statement we must first ensure we are all using the same definitions for all our words. Dereks' statement has some ambiguity, so let’s try to translate it to the same verbiage as the paper. “It shows that there is a particular type of problem”  - referencing covariance-detection problems, with partisan significance where the correct response conflicts with individuals' political outlooks. “…where the smarter you are…” – relating to individuals having higher numeracy “the more likely you are to get it wrong” – there is a higher percentage chance that you provide the incorrect response. Piecing this together, Derek's precise statement would read: “In reference to covariance-detection problems with partisan significance, the higher an individual measured numeracy, the higher the percentage chance is that the individual provides an incorrect response when such incorrect responses agree with their partisan biases.”  Taking directly from the paper: “Liberal Democrats become increasingly likely to correctly identify the result supported by the data as they become more numerate in the “crime decreases” condition; but increasing numeracy had a minimal impact for Liberal Democrats in the “crime increases” condition.” To me “minimal impact” does not represent a substantive claim higher numeracy individuals are more likely to provide an incorrect response when presented with data that supports the opposite of their held beliefs. Instead, I would suggest that at best we could say: Numeracy has no significant impact/minimal impact on an individual's ability to determine the correct response in covariance-detection problems with significant partisan significance.  This is in contrast to non-partisan covariance-detection problems, where a higher numeracy is highly correlated with an increase in the likelihood of the determination of the correct conclusions.  A far cry from the original statement.   Moreover, I do not think that the original papers' analysis methods produce the most truthful graphs. For example, would you be able to tell from the graphs that ALL individuals with a numeracy score of 9  correctly identified the correct conclusion in the partisan problems regardless of whether the conclusion supported/constated with their political beliefs?
When it comes to scientific data or science in general, politics don't even enter my mind.
Thank you for the great content!
7:23 😂😂😂 omg I was so shocked hearing trumps talking so much sense all of the sudden.  Then I thought it was a fun fake, until I realized it was that guy from the show talking. I totally forgot him, and for me as a german he kinda sounds like Trump 😂
Telling everyone that they NEED to vote was a mistake.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
1:10 Well no... I mean, I guess at this point it feels like semantics, but 75 compared to 21 is the number I'm looking at, and if applying the cream made it worse than those who didn't use it, that's how I'm seeing it.  9:08 +whispers+ bullsh!t you would. Mountains of evidence contradict what she just said.  9:36 Given how many people working at the steel mill I used to work at felt about covid and the vaccine, that's exactly it. You want to fit in, and so you go with what everyone else says because "that's the way it is." I feel I'm a bit of an oddity there. I DIDN'T fit in on that front, though Covid happened almost a decade after I left that company. I remember one of the older guys, who was clearly science illiterate (and a loudmouth), say he wouldn't get the flu shot because of the mercury in it. Now, this was 15 years ago and I was science literate but not so much in chemistry. I WAS, however, not so closed minded that I would blindly agree with him. I had heard of the whole mercury thing, and I did a quick Google search just to learn that it was ETHYL mercury, which is basically the same explanation you can give someone when they eat salt. "Ok, but salt is 50% chlorine... You wouldn't drink chlorine would you? Sodium is a metal, just like mercury. Why would you eat a metal? But wait... Chemically bond Sodium to Chlorine and you get... more delicious french fries. You're welcome."  If the science illiterate want to remain that way, that's fine. But everything we have today is mainly because the science literate made it so (yes, good and bad). They can't just go on the internet using a mobile device and complain about science without being ridiculously ironic about it. We need to find a way to change their perception. Ease them into the hot tub, if you will.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Gun control is not just a numbers issue. It is about the right of the individual to survive life in a crime infested level of torment. If the local LE department is inefficient and not up to speed, then in the eyes of the individual, defending your house yourself makes a ton of sense regardless of the total numbers of gun crime, since that crime level was already (even with knives and illegal firearms) a completely hopeless situation. So adding +10% crime to an already unbearable rate of crime is peanuts compared to disarming yourself while practically playing Vampire Survivors IRL. Us europeans have no way to defend ourselves. We live or die at the mercy of the crime rate. Never give up your guns, USA. No matter how much hand cream they offer as a solution.
I watched the whole thing and learned that I'm right no matter what. Thanks
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Ahh that's why I studied Engineering and good ol' statistics and probability was  part of the curriculum. For learning to read the question slower and automatically knowing the most accurate answers by like a boss.. But only my own hand was here to pat me on the back
Amazing content as always!
Love this research.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I also think that table is a bad way to represent data in normal circumstances, since it doesn't clarify sample size or scenarios where there was no noticeable change. That's what messed with me when I looking at it. But I guess I'm innumerate for asking questions like that.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great job, this video was very useful!
I tapped because you’re saying I have a chance🎉
People should work more together and less against each other.
So the whole video is about americans not being able to convert numbers to percentages ?
nice t*ts at 8:44 guys
"The more you think you know, the less you actually know... but the less you think you know, the more you actually know".  Seems to aptly apply to this issue
Great job, this video was very useful!
Awesome video. Thank you for sharing. 🇦🇺
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
In my first look at the comments, I see a lot of famous quotes.  I have one that came to mind. I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned. Richard Phillips Feynman.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
this is the EXACT problem now a days so interesting to see it explained like this, we are sadly in a crazy misinformed and biased culture because of the way people tend to believe to quickly or think they know it already
I remember reading about this study in one of Steven Pinker's books and I was like wow that is interesting. But I since forgot about it.  Thank you for making video about it!
Long story short people are based
You explained this so well, thank you!
False liberal preopaganda targeted for smooth brain peeps. Gun control does not work in the States. Some of the highest crime area in US has the strictist gun control laws. Skin Cream anology only works if done in proper setting and enforced to the teeth. This guy's a Canadian. I bet he supported Trudeau. 🙄
Why are there so many bots commenting? Really, you're resorting to this?
I just whipped out a calculator and got it right
Amazing content as always!
Odd to me that you present this as a two-alternative force choice task but then show that no matter which way the task is presented the most naïve group only gets the answer correct 25% of the time.  The only way this makes is if there is a third choice of "I don't know" or "This is all BS" or something similar that is counted as incorrect.  If so, that would significantly change your interpretation of the results.
Our brains are rarely used to make rational decisions. They are used to rationalise decisions we already made.   We are not rational beings, we are rationalisers.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I just started the video, and it seems to me that in the context of the question 'did the cream help those who had a rash' that the data regarding those who did not use the cream is irrelevant and should be thrown out.  The question is the efficacy of the cream; data regarding those who did not use the cream is irrelevant.  Overall three times more people saw an improvement than those who saw worsening of the rash so yes, the cream didn't need help those who used it in the study overall. Now if you impose the question given this data would you be better off taking the cream or not taking the cream, that is a completely different question.  Given the question you appear to be asking your answer is unfortunately wrong.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Great job, this video was very useful!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Amazing content as always!
I got it right 💀
You explained this so well, thank you!
I am hundred percent sure the result of experiment would have been different if conducted in India.
This is interesting because the interviewer seems to ask for a causal relationship, "does the cream make the rash better?". It's fairly logical to conclude they've set up the study so other variables are controlled and there's likely a direct link between cream and rash. However, the gun study is very unlikely to be a randomized, controlled study, but rather, looking at correlations. So it's not really fair to ask "is the study showing banning guns causes more violence?" I think that the divisive political questions of our times often are hard to get good data on and  it's easy to use a misleading correlation. If the study results conflict with a pre-existing belief, we're much more likely to think about how the study is designed/why a correlation might not be a causation. (For example, for the gun study, I would immediately think, did they control for economic growth? job opportunities? waves of crime moving in from elsewhere?). TL:DR: it would make more sense to create example studies that were more similar in terms of correlation/causation and ask the questions more clearly.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thank you for the great content!
Biased people do worse, but who isn't? I disagree with the clickbait title, what does "smatrer" or "math" mean in it's context? It's like juxaposing math, logic and intuition altogether )
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
My guy discovered political biases lol
I feel like this information is incredibly important to spread. This has to be why everyone is arguing with eachother
So... smart people are more political or what?
Great job, this video was very useful!
Thank you for the great content!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
The fact that you even found republicans with high numeracy scores is beyond my imagination
What a fantastic video to put out before the us elections! Doing great things for society
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
9:06 Oh lady, it's on paper, and you still don't believe it. You are in a cult.
There is a big difference between 'rash worsened' and 'crime worsened' as one of your clips demonstrated, the causality is arguable and you would argue the point if it goes against your belief and you think some agenda is at play.  Not to say bias does affect our interpretation of facts but this isn't the best demo
You explained this so well, thank you!
On These Questions, Americans* Do Worse
People's priors affect their opinion when presented with data.  What this shows is that people are baseyan, not frequentists.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
MMM Munkey
Loved the content, keep it coming!
There are no solutions to this problem. One needs people to be polarized on some issues in order for them to ignore other ones.   Grow as a professional in order to be able to affect something real and not something that is on the political agenda.
There is something confusing about how that graphic for the fake skin cream was presented. Something isn't right here.
Would be interesting to run it again with people who identify as socially progressive but economically conservative  or social conservatives but economically progressive
Calculate odds ratio: (a*d)/(b*c) = 0.58. The odds of improving rashes among those whom were prescribed cream are 42% lower than those whom were not prescribed cream.
I think there is a sense in which higher-intelligence people tend to intuitively grasp that political issues are issues *because* they are complicated, so simple tables like this probably can't capture the whole story. So we start hedging ourselves and trying to intuit what was methodologically wrong with how the data was collected if it conflicts with our worldview. I'd probably have done the same, immediately trying to ask questions about data collection methodology and so on in the gun control study, rather than trusting that it was a proper placebo or control study the same way I would have assumed it would be without too much worry when it comes to skin cream. One major problem I'd immediately single out with respect to the gun control study would be that it's functionally impossible to randomize your sample because you can only sort based on which cities actually passed certain laws, which confounds with a boatload of other local political things that may have their own effects on crime. I think it's a little suspicious to claim that there is obviously some kind of "right answer" in the gun control study. That doesn't stop me from hedgingly giving the correct apparent statistical answer, but the methodological red flags that smart people pick up on definitely have an impact here.
This is just a reflection of the problem of 'overconfidence'.  People who are more capable in some field, are less likely to spend time analyzing for a new way of understanding.. In some situations this can negative (such as the skin cream problem), in other situations expert intuition can lead onto a path, where new understanding is not even a possibility by simply applying reasoning and logic.
"Thinking, Fast and Slow" ❤
It looks to me like the results showed that more "numerate" people did no better than less numerate people when it came to evaluating evidence contrary to their bias - not that more numerate people did WORSE than less numerate ones (which is what your title implies).
"smarter people do worse"  entire video about statistics where smarter people do better every SINGLE time, just not a lot better because of preexisting bias  why is every single one of this guys videos misleading or just plain wrong?
Are the participants told that the numbers are unequivocally trustworthy, or made up, before being questioned?
All the data is invalid because a society is not a controlled set. Any conclusions drawn from both studies is untrue. The greater the intelligence, the greater the polarization of thinking because the amplifier of thinking is intrinsic intelligence. Also, trying to solve and control any society is an attempt in futility. Political leanings are made not by intelligence but experience. No one chooses their political leanings just on numeracy or critical thinking but very personal experiences in their lives. I expected more from such a brilliant channel as yours.
The fact that in the second scenario the results flatten out at about 50% has me thinking that these people are randomly guessing if it works or not.
The first question as presented can't be answered. It's never said how many people are in each group. If both groups have the same amount of people, say 500, then the cream worked well. The chance that the condition improves is twice as high as without cream. This is also true if asked if the cream worsens the condition; yes it does. Both claims are true, it improves and worsens. One could also say that it changes the state more than no cream.
How is "Science Curiosity" measured?
i dont call people who cant figure out proportions in a question intelligent.
Very interesting! One comment on the title: "smarter" is not equivalent to "more knowledgeable" or "better educated". Cleverness and knowledge are not the same. Is the title correct?
And then they're calling AI dumb for doing exactly the same thing.
I call it the prompting effect  where changing the questions although not the ratio like rephrasing changes the output it's something I literally found out my self by watching GPT like models being like this and than finding it interesting watched some neuroscience videos and yes but you can simply avoid it by long deep thinking the mind will do this to compact in a way the information is has so you can just deeply think and think same problem abstracted as well
Ooof the both-sides-ism tho. I'm sure these findings are accurate. But saying that this is an equally bad problem on the democratic and the republican side is absurd. Introducing made up papers about issues that we have clear findings on, which have historically been denied by one of these parties despite being a 99%+ consensus in the scientific community and still thinking both parties should examine themselves equally is either ridiculously naive about how in bad faith the discourse is on the republican side is or straight up disingenuous. Real soft on the science for a science channel in this one. Similar for the "democracy is impossible" video from a couple of weeks ago btw - big talk in the clickbait and then less than weak reasoning all throughout. You have such high quality output usually, you can do better and you should do better.
Only about half way through, but this study is pretty much BS. For starters, it creates two false studies, but the studies themselves are radically different. The skin cream study is privately gathered data, so it not very questionable. It would be like asking if people believed that 75% of people preferred Bob's Barbecue Classic recipe and only 25% preferred Bob's New Barbecue recipe. Even if I knew of Bob's Barbecue and had eaten it, it's not a stretch to say that I'm in the majority or even the minority on my personal preferences. Gun control, however, has decades and decades of statistics and the people looking at the "wrong" table with a high numeracy are more likely to have seen the real statistics instead of the fake statistics.  So in one case, you have a (fake) survey conducted on very private data that can't really be challenged due to real world knowledge or experience, and a second (fake) survey conducted where all of the relevant data has been released for decades and is the single underpinning point behind a person's belief. It's like comparing people who solved a math problem correctly and those who are told to solve a math problem in an incorrect way and get an incorrect answer. If I'm confronted in the street and asked to solve a math problem, I'll treat it as a math problem. If you tell me you've uncovered a study that I've seen countered a hundred different ways, you're absolutely right that I'm going to push back. That's not a case of "smarter people doing worse." It's a case of the people being smarter than the test givers.
Thank you for posting a message of hope for unity today.  I object to one aspect of that study, and that is the presentation of fictitious data about guns and other actual phenomena. People filter ALL numerical data through their own experience. This is not so much bias as necessary discernment. The skin cream is plausibly a _completely unknown_ factor, but guns and fracking are not. We have prior collective information and experience about those, independent of our individual political views.
But why are the control groups different sizes? Reading the numbers, I assume there's an extra number of 'didnt do anything'
Not surprised Americans did great on these questions 😂
Thank you for using your platform to bring this to the attention of the public. Just that is such an amazing service to everyone.
Cognitive Dissonance Theory - 'Emotional decision-making' and 'Post-hoc rationalisation'
lol people are sheep, that's why im a centrist
I have noticed many subtle references in your videos to evolution being a basic truth. I would like to challenge your inquisitive mind to evaluate the evidence for it in order to find how rational the foundation of this belief is. I think even more biased than political topics are religious topics and I think when we are talking about evolution we are in the religious arena.
I'm genius
At 5:00 in I can tell you immediately this video is bad and propaganda, for which everyone involved should feel bad.  As an MD and PhD from Europe i can tell you you should feel good about having guns. We here arent even allowed to defend ourselves if it hurts the criminal. Yes you are supposed to run from your own home.  In any case, liberal propaganda
The first thing I noticed was:  The control group is about 1/3rd the size of the experimental group....
What a title and what an amazing video. I was laughing when I finally realised that the title isn't a clickbait 😂😂 Also gonna watch that Ted Talk now ;)
The skin cream numbers still make no sense to me after you explained them... Definitely going to need to watch this again.
Dammit, that mean I'm stupid?
can't even finish the video, can't get past the 398 in one group, 128 in the other, and no "stayed the same category" on the question
For me, intuitively using cream would help cause it's medication. But after seeing the numbers I started thinking I'm dumb cause not using cream seems better...  That said I don't have strong political leanings/opinions nor do I have a strong ideology...  Is this why I am failing my PhD?  P.s. I stand corrected. If the question touched on issue of faith then I can't be objective. Screw your data in that case
I think this is purely an American problem - it would be interesting to see the same study done in other countries whose populations are not conditioned to be so easily suggestible.
The problem with the study is, it presents them with information that, based on real world data, is wrong.  Many ppl would look at the reversed numbers and say, the study says one thing, but reality proves out the opposite, that gun control doesn't have that kind of effect.  It's called seeing through the obv statistical lies.  Someone once said there are three kinds of lies : lies, damn lies and statistics.
imagine my shock xD
The presupposition that there is the "right" answer is an utter crap. That's just useless without at least comparative sample numbers.  And yes, if even if we know that the sample numbers are the same -- there is no definite rational answer. "The cream" increases both success and failure rate -- and wheter it is "improvement" or "not" -- cannot be just answered based on some universal presuppositions.
So we gonna fix climate change by solving a few local issues? Ah no.
Why was the munber of people in each yest (cream vs no cream) difference is what I'm wondering
damn, if I didn’t apply the right way of thinking about the studies, does that mean I am dumb?
the explanation is simple: numeracy and critical thinking are two different things. the apolitical question is related only to numeracy, while the political one is related to both, and since critical thinking is a higher level cognitive skill, it is not only less frequent, but also more fundamental, i.e. if you lack critical thinking, you can fall in fallacies even if you have numeracy.
The fact that this entire thing could just be coincidence 💀
Vote for Pedro!
child mutliating leftists are the enemy of truth and beauty
Everyone needs to see this
If Veritasium is an element of truth, what are the other elements? Can truth ever fully be in our minds? Maybe some “smart” people are reasoning beyond the data. The question really should’ve been, “Which proportion supports crime is reduced?”Also, hubris is antithetical to knowledge. Humility doesn’t cling to cherished beliefs.
The fun thing about statistics is that if you look at all of the test participants in the fictitious skin care study as a whole (All 426 of them), 52% improved on cream, and only 25% improved without cream, making the cream a better choice. You can take the same statistics and make them fit whatever narrative you want them to, and that's just with four data points. Imagine how many conclusions you can draw from hundreds or thousands of data points.
So an episode with your actual twin on 'Destination Adventure'!!
So where they Pro- or anti-skub?
Wouldn’t change the outcome of the cream that makes things worse, but: I argued that the proportion of 75 people that used cream that worsened rash is more than triple compared with no cream users. And it ‚only‘ improved the rash of a little more than twice as much people compared to the non cream users.
Both side would agree more than 70% of people dont want the other party's condident to be the president. Both side would agree its a 100% stupid idea to let a third party to join the game.
So proud that I'm wrong
So these questions (as always) are missing an incredible amount of context... and also I'm not confident at all that the way the data is 'officially' presented works, if we are saying you're 5x more likely to get better w/o the cream, say, you have to explain the true population size for each group before that can even try to make sense
Hard for me to focus during this one because I couldn't stop geeking out over the "To Scale" guy doing vox populi for Veritasium.
This can be quite concerning when it comes to confirmation bias; it sounds like we all will just 'make up' confirmation of our beliefs even when none exists. I think that's worse than simply ignoring it.
I'm failing to see how numeracy = intelligence tho
8:24 just put the fries in the bag lil bro
I wouldn’t even take it as “my political party affects my critical thinking skills” (even though this could be a case for a large group of people), but focus more on how being biased affects our critical thinking skills.
I guess I am dumb now...
if only those who aren't open minded and evidence-based in their opinions, would be open minded enough to consider that they aren't open minded. Where does one even begin to try to change an entire population's mindset? Ground news looks like a good concept, but the people who need to use it, will be risking going against their tribe's mindset, just by being rational. Ive read about how polarising social media is, and how people are widely separated based on their views, due to the algorithms, and how people are channeled down rabbit holes on social media: and read that this has been amplified by social media and internet in the last 20 years, but dont know how true this is. Maybe its not possible to feel the social benefits of being part of a tribe, if ultimately there was only one tribe on the planet, and everyone felt that they were on the "same side", and maybe those divides need to be there to some extent (maybe even already too large, and may be reflected in the apparently worsening mental health prevalence). In evolution, humans have never been exposed to the big picture in the way that we have gradually become.  Most of our existence has been around tiny geographical "tribes", and I guess it hasnt been that long that we have been expected to care about anything beyond what's in front of us; so humans naturally drift towards being polarised in our views to be part of/stay in the closest thing they can perceive as the local tribe. So facts aren't important, cuddles with your tribe are.
Wow. 10 thousand comments. This one will NEVER be read. Either way - when Veritassium posts a video on political science - things are probably worse than we imagine. WHY? Probably many reasons. To me - the most important one - for a long time - has been this. To my mind - people don't follow Trump because of his policies. There are none. He just spews out some things that he thinks his supporters in this or other circle or venue would appreciate - or things that he thinks are "winning". Like border control, consumption of dogs in Springfield or friendliness with North Korea or Putin. And people simply identify with his "I can do whatever  the F__ I want and get away with it" attitude. They grow emotionally attached to this orange blob of ego and autocracy (look at how quickly the reality show star fired people he didn't particularly enjoy during his "presidency") - and they don't see his lies, theatre and absolute lack of any essence. That, by the way, undermines the entire political system. Now when Harris comes up with some claims or facts - people are automatically questioning that, too. When Trump - like an imbecile infant - couldn't accept the election loss - now everyone thinks - hmm, maybe what Harris says should also be questioned or doubted. Also - what boggles the mind - is people of colour that vote for Trump. There is a court case where Trump was sued for deliberately applying racist methods in selecting rent inhabitants in his Trump properties. There was loads of evidence in form of municipality applications which were submitted by blacks and then denied or offered 3x higher price compared to whites. Yet people of latino and afro origin still vote for him. So tribalism... zombified and inverted by lies and theatre. Well - we are probably too late to debate this anyway. Best of luck to America, whatever the outcome - from Latvia.
One factor not included in the equation: Americans have been subject to brainwashing and a massive social experiment since WW2.
Derek Muller for President!
This looks like some noicy data, how big was the sample size? Also testing multiple things at once on the same dataset (effect of political view and numeracy), wasnt that a red flag? P-hacking?
Okay…. Well would this mean that factchecking doesn’t work in changing people beliefs alone because it is actually a whole different level of thinking that is involved? Damn
The way the climate change argument is presented makes it sound like this: “humans are responsible for all greenhouse gases and the increasing heat.”, we need to start by expressing that life on this planet was designed, whether created or evolved, to survive in a narrow range of conditions that were already met prior to the industrial revolution. So we went from conditions best suited for survival to adding CO2 at a rate of more than 60x all of the world's volcanoes combined annually. Ecosystems didn't evolve, or were created, for all of that extra CO2 leading to buildup thereby trapping more heat melting more ice and it just gets worse from here. We didn't start at 0, we started at 100 and every bit we add over that throws things off balance.
Smart people are taking advantage of dumb people , we need more dumb people in office, balance out those hard questions. Take a trip off the cliff with me.
Great video, very well done
11:05 Thats lovely but too optomistic.  They know how people work and use that to put a wedge people. We're dumb. If one party is to use this open hands approach, the game theory is pretty clear: they get much more from continuing to manipulate the public.  Also, it's pretty hard to have rational discussions with another tribe that wants a significant portion of yours dead because of their brainwashing. Not saying "my tribe" has all the answers, but hey.   Its like the two ice cream shops on a beach, and one willingly set it on the edge (if you know the issue). they will eat what you gave awar.
I'm not a native English speaker and I find the expression "crime improved" so extremely confusing. So what actually did improve? The safety? So that the crime rates are lower? Less crimes? It's also suggested by the GREEN arrow. But the arrow is showing up, suggesting crime rates increased. Or is it quite the opposite?
This explains why "proportion" and "reason" are both called "ratio" in Latin.
i looked at it and instantly knew the answer just because it looked like more people got worse from using the cream and i was too lazy to do the math lol  EDIT: its so weird to me how deep people look into these questions because i just see the numbers like a high school math problem lol. I don't look that deep into it
Why is the control group not same size as the experimental group...
That's how biases works. The great Daniel Kahneman wrote a whole book about this topic.  "thinking fast and slow"  a reading not to be missed. It's sad not to find him or his studies cited in the video.
This is unsurprising. Bias doesn't stop because you're smart. If anything being smart just means you are better at employing logic to come to conclusion you already believe.
In what world is "the smarter" person - the one unable to think in proportions?
Regardless of mathematical ability, everyone forms their opinions based on some level of assumptions and often they identify themselves strongly with these beliefs. When challenged, regardless of validity, some level of threat is perceived by a lot of people and so some level of cognitive dissonance applies because people are uncomfortable with being wrong or being perceived as such. So they will defend something even if they realise it is in contradiction with other beliefs they have. I think the real question we should ask is why do people continue to be so tribal even when we are not in a position of scarcity for resources?
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Thank you for this.
The big question I would have about that madeup study with guns is... well were participants aware about the fact that those are fake numbers and were they asked to come to conclusion based on those numbers or were they informed that those are real numbers. If thwy were informed that those are real numbers then... well its one study right? And they know of plathera of other data points and studies that say otherwise, so obviusly that study might not be as reliable or maybe its a part of a bigger issue. Soooo they came to a conclusion based on that study and their knowledge. Its hard to go against your belifs just because someone showed you one study without much of a context and asked you to judge whole issue based on that one bit of data.
There is one aspect which is ignored by the video:   the ability of people to immediately trust and internalise new "evidence" given by some random guy on the street   vs   the position formed previously over multiple reasoning including several source of data
The one time I ace a test :(
A political video worth making and watching!
7:06 This chart seems to possibly imply that Republicans of today are more likely to choose an outcome based on confirmation bias rather than rationality as compared to democrats
Be curious! Got it 😁
If you came up to me on the street and showed me these studies my first question would’ve been.  “Is this a real study?”  Also worth noting, no studies are actually unbiased. Statistics are stupid.
Excellent video,  Open mind = forward progress
In politics confirmation bias is real, so just like with music preference people only listen to what they want to hear.
"I asked my american friend..." Oh boy you almost got me.
The test didnt work since we didnt find a single smart person heuheuheu
This is the value of the "a priori" approach where we conduct the data analysis *before* knowing which group was which. Also, directly collaborating with opposing viewpoints.
My theory is that smart people just have the fattest egos
maybe i'm dumb, but...i would probably still buy the cream? like the answer is kinda fluid and there could be more factors why it worked for some people and i would say "good enought, maybe this would work for me too, like for the 223 people"  223 is pretty big number and even if it would worsen for 300 people, it feels like there is still a good chance it would work for me.  am i dumb?
Same FBI that categorized black criminals as white to lower statistics ? K
Wait really I could tell right away that not using the cream was better.
I am not even 90 seconds into this video, and I am sure this has got to be an American study. There is no way it is not. Because when I saw the table, I was wondering how you could answer this wrong, Surely they are not going to say because the numbers are bigger. Because that is the Real American Way, more bigger = more better.  Que contestant nummer 1, who exactly does this... I'll continue watching, see if I am right.
The more we learn about each other the more we learn we agree on so many topics... unfortunately there is very little effort to help people find common ground.
On this question, smarter people perform the same as dumber people not worse. Please, I beg you to change the video title. It's flat out wrong and you know it. No one cares about the relative score the smart folks are expected to get. We only care about the final score.
Intelligent people are the worst. They are better at justifying their beliefs.
It is quite possible that this represents a very statistically rational behavior. When presented with trial data about an unknown skin cream, it is easy to assume this is one of a very small number of such studies, so it’s rational to make statistical claims based on its data alone. When a contentious issue is discussed, this is likely to be one of many such studies, so its conclusions should be considered in the context of the research around it rather than in isolation. Since any response in a public poll could be taken as support for policy, it is rational to make claims carefully when there is data missing.
there's a good @extrafabulouscomics  post about this:  Person 1: I have strong opinions! Person 2: Are they based on reality? Person 1: They are based upon how I feel in my heart. Heart: I’m terrified that if I research and form opinions based on reality, a wedge will be driven between me and my community, and I will lose my friends and family.
Ok, so I'm politically non-binary 😉
I'd love to see what happens if a study was made where autism was considered a separate axis.  Intuitively, I would expect that autistic people, who are less affected by social pressure, might not have as strong as a "tribal" effect.
The political data shows a very different level of bias impacting answers between the two groups. It would seem to me that a solution to the problem would start by looking at which group avoids political bias better and then study their habits and information ecosystem to determine how to move in the right direction. Seems like there is a both sides bias involved in the making of this video.
Free Palestine 🇵🇸
Im sorry but that cream makes that rash worse, alot worse infact the maths are irrelivent here, if you take the people who didnt get the cream and they got better, that means there is a chance that you will get better from doing nothing, which means your immune system can kill it, if you do nothing and it gets worse, then there is chance your immune system CANT fight it, so a portion of the people who used the cream and got better is actually becuase of the immune system fighting it, has nothing to do with the cream On the other side of this coin, the people wwho used the cream and got worse, if that number is not zero, the cream is activly making it worse, in no way is it making it better, if you dont use the cream and get worse, you are more likely to use the cream and get even worse, im sorry but the maths do not matter here
“These are fictitious numbers” I need more sources. lol
Results are not surprising. *Fear makes stupid.*
After Skool has a great video on this exact topic: "Why Smart People Believe Stupid Things"
I wish we all were better at not letting things interfere with facts and reasoning. How were the numeracy scores for the people determined? I’m curious how you determine someone numeracy score
The problem with being a “data driven voter” is that there are lies, damn lies, and statistics.   Data can be manipulated to push whatever agenda you want. And unfortunately all of the key political talking points don’t have overwhelming data one way or the other, they all are nuanced as well as having far too many variables to truly have a data driven “right” choice
Inb4 people enter the chat saying "see, college just makes you dumber." You won't beat this problem.
I don't think the conclusion is right. First of all, the narration is actually reversed: people are not for or against gun control because they are republicans or democrats - they are democrats or republicans because *they share some believes* on that matter. And yes, I can agree that those believes might be based on false data, but no one will say that "I vote for democrats and that's why I support public health care", he will say: "I support public health care *and that's why* I vote for democrats".  The second problem I have with this study is that some people are already biased, because they've done their own research before. Now, whether this research was correct or not doesn't matter - what matter is that they are not looking only at data presented, but have already some believes. One could compare this to the modification of the first question about skin cream: let's put a particular skin cream brand and let's imagine someone who actually had a rush and used that cream - obviously the results will be skewed towards your personal experience, even though data might say otherwise, of course some people will still look at the data and correctly assume that they might be in minority, but that's not the rule.
Confirmation bias.
Using math I got the question right...
Question 1: why not equal samples? Also why no placebo? I wouldve asked these questions before we got into numbers. Methodology is important in any statistics.
Oh no, he's sharing horseshoe centrist propaganda
Most people believe everything - from science to politics - in a religious manner, not in a rational manner.  Part of every religious belief set is the belief that the whole belief set is rational, ergo they report personal rationality via memorize and regurgitate.  It's the Chinese room, but the rules of response are defined by the group and the beliefs are the chinese symbols the person assembles as a response.
I m guessing people in each group are 1:1 in which case i will use numbers as people being saved or killed. If we look it like that it means using cream saved 223-75 lives (148) Not using cream saved 107-21 lives (86) Using cream saved 148-86 more people (64) more lives You can not use proporcionalno reasoning if ratio of people tested is known, we are missing data than we dont know ratio of the people we just asume its 1:1 like every experimant usualy does, its a false qestion, its like asking how many apples on average are on the tree but you mean its a cherry tree without telling us, its a lie qestion
Not to be that guy, but religion is significantly more ancient than even written language, which is significantly older than most of science and math. We do science and math, but we ARE belief. Meta cognition (thoroughly examining your own thoughts and beliefs) is really the only way to adjust for belief, just educating in the maths and sciences does not equate to rationality, which is why many major religions incorporate it somehow.
Curiosity and logic has led to me realizing that we're all getting played by politics by people who understand how to manipulate our social psychology. Basically it's kabuki theater , and they're all on the same cast. My working theory is the only way out is to get over left vs right to take more of an establishment vs governed view. Read source material,  question motive,  play out the "solutions" and the interests they serve.  Get used to being uncomfortable.
It's also important to recognize how people's implicit bias towards certain things influences it. I'd bet you good money 99% of people, of all political affiliations, would agree gun crimes are more important to them, and more likely to result in severe injury or worse, than skin cream. So that skews people's way of qualitating a 'success'. Those in favour of gun control might well make the argument that while the "No gun control" group may show a better proportion of reduced crime, it also shows a lot less total reduction. They may well argue that with the numbers presented, 100 reductions is better than 50% reductions, when 50% only means 20
Just in time for Election Day. Way to go!
Don't you just love a good guy holding the M1 garand in one hand and the "grease gun" in the oher? Blasting away with perfectly legal, world war 2 battle tested guns. I don't get americans.
The way to stop the "tribe" mentality of dem vs rep is to stop with the catch phrases and for BOTH sides to use factually correct and current data. I'm sick and tired of science journal information being cherry picked, I'm tired of data being portrayed in a certain way by removing parts of it to change the overall results found, and I'm tired of flat-out lies.  Statistics and data don't lie if you gather the data well and show ALL of it, not just the parts you agree with.
Your solutions are, let's say - quaint. The 2 parties, especially the Republican party, create and seed "loaded terms" quite intentionally. It's how they have decided to govern. It's easy to say, "'let's not use those terms" - but you have to look at why we are using them, and where they are coming from. The problem when you do that, is you find it's one side more than the other who is responsible, and then you are stuck looking like a partisan. But Republicans have absolutely done this to us - very intentionally.
Our biases affect our decisions, mild shock.
I have no tribe. I was raised in a cult. I escaped 8 years ago. I am no longer susceptible to most propaganda, so everyone sounds a little too emotional, guided and slightly irrational.   Both sides seem disingenuous and manipulative to me.   I have no one I can talk about politics to. They are mentally fixed that it has to be one side or the other, when in reality both sides hold benefits and drawbacks. I feel alone.
Wait, there could have been a better wording or data presentation. Regardless of the results of the study (which I assume is true), the chosen experiment here is not conclusive. If anything it's almost biased towards provingwhat the team already believe is true.
Opinion polarization is both a really hard problem to solve, and an inconvinient problem to solve. It roots on our deepest desires as humans and fighting against that is near impossible. It would be like trying to stop people from having sex or laughing. But it doesn't get solved because it is convenient to the same political parties. Polarization makes people think less when deciding who they will vote. And removes ambiguity in decisions leading to quick conclusion that fit easily into one or another party.
Without knowing the group sizes you can't tell anything. If it's 223 out of 300 then it's time to math the hell out of it. If it's 223 out of 100,000...
For everyone who thinks this isnt possible: I got all questions wrong, so yes, its definitely true
I don't see how smart people would fail on this if they do some simple math.
YOU ARE WHAT U SURROUND
relax with the click bait. I will click your videos regardless
I've heared somewhere that most people don't rationalize first and decide after, but decide first and then try to rationalize their decision. Not sure how much evidence there is to that, but it would most certainly line up with this study. People have their believes, see the numbers, come to a conclusion and then try to justify their view with those numbers after they've already come to a conclusion.
The skin cream question is missing a category: rash unchanged.  Presuming the two groups were equal in size there have to be at least 298 people per group. Assuming this number then 170 people in the control group had no change in their rash. This tips the balance back into the favor of the cream being net beneficial.  If the control group is the smaller group then that should also be made clear, as some might assume like I did that the groups are equal size.  The real answer is: this fake study isn't explained well enough.
For the crime rate increasing question,wouldnt it be more appropriate to ask IF those were related to guns?
At 3:00 Shout-out to the 0 numeracy people who did better than the 1 numeracy
The absolute last thing I wanted today was to get roped into bait and switch political video.
But this is just Bayesian reasoning, of course you need stronger evidence to dismiss your priors than to confirm them.
I thought it was a Simpson's paradox example so I thought "pick the non-intuitive answer" and got it wrong 😂
Next video-cuban missile crisses
"The truth is that mostly we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe. And that, in the most important way, is highly rational." No; it's understandable. The fact that we can explain why belief is highly social doesn't mean that the foundation of said belief(s) is rational.
How did they determine the numeracy score of everyone before they asked them questions?
This is the age of post-truth. Public opinion is manufactured and sold. Individual opinions don't matter. All of it is by design.
Great video !
I would suggest that there’s another factor at play as well.  The hint comes from the lady who wanted more info about the skin rash, in the beginning of the video. I’m not American, and don’t have any preconceived opinions about gnns. I would self report as having high numeracy skills (I’m an engineer). But the gnn question was immediately more difficult to conceptualise than the rash cream.  The higher your numeracy skills, the better you are at interpreting and understanding data and statistics.  The rash question is easy, there was only one variable,  you have the all of the relevant data, and it appears reliable, so you can answer purely on the maths.  The gnn question is a lot more complicated, and multiple other factors come into play, even if they aren’t mentioned in the fictitious study.  Low numeracy responses don’t necessarily see the “missing’ information, and so will score more evenly as expected.  But with higher numeracy skills, you’re likely more sensitive to the fact that the data is technically incomplete, and unreliable. Because you “need more info” but can’t get it from the question posed, you draw from your own experiences and preconceived notions about what the answer is, to help provide the answer you think is right, which explains the political divide as numeracy increases.
well you did write "crime increase" and "crime improved" which is just confusing
The title of the video is currently: "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse", which can be misleading. They do worse relatively speaking compared to themselves on a different topic survey, but they still perform better in absolute terms.
This makes me want to create an Analytical Hierarchy Model to decide who to vote on based on policy weights.
3:16 Yo left guy's T goes hard
I did the ratios to see that infact the skin cream is worse
It could also show how open you are to change your opinion, or listen to information that is against your own values
This gave me a thought, I wonder how much of the bias that overrides the math, is a reflection of how they see themselves in those proposed situations?  Not to cast any aspersions to one party over the other, but how party members see themselves is quite different and I cant help but wonder if that doesn't reflect in the bias they showed in the answers?
I would have appreciated the same detailed explanation of the cream case to the gun case. I know it's the same problem but it was shown in many different ways to the people in the streets. Would have been better if it was a bit more clear where people were getting it wrong for each example.
Such great timing for this video, we need more like this in our age
now I for sure know I'm dumb.
There is a lot of lying with statistics. You can't just believe a statistic as presented.
If the numbers were presented as percentages instead, many more people would arrive at the right answers. The way the numbers are presented, make them so confusing to compare between groups.
Soros is about to buy Groundnews and wield it same way they wield mainstream media outlets
Bravo ! You just "proved" that our political biases affect our reasoning ability. Everything should be fine now that everyone knows that, isn't ?
Here we go again with touting Ground News while ignoring the distinct Left bias of the people running and curating the Ground News.
Skin cream question. I see the ratio of the control group was a better, now please tell me how I'm wrong. Assuming I was "smart" in my answer.
So smart people don't know proportionality? I don't get that.  That's a prealgebra question.
I hope you do a video on how this study failed to replicate, as the community note on Twitter says. Would hate to see your excellent credibility dented
One line conclusion: smarter people are likely to have stronger conformation bias!
Did you see that there were reports that the FBI altered the crime stats in a report? I better keep my political biases in check however. Go back and look again and see what you think and maybe I will too.
What you’ve identified isn’t a person misreading the stats, it’s a distrust of the data.  The video includes people trying to rationalize why the data is false.
once again - i got what i expected from most of your videos - a complete waste of time - people are biased against their own good reasoning - so what else is new ?
Didn't the skin cream make the rashes worse... the ratio for improvement to decline is better for no cream lol... 5/1 ish compared to like 3/1 ish
Quantity matters
Pure misinterpretation of the data. Smarter people are not worse at solving these. The problem posed with an ambiguous objective left participants to guess about how they should approach it. The smarter people put more thought into which factors to consider and how they should be weighted. Proper analysis of an answer to an ambiguously framed question cannot just discard each individual's choice of approach.
If they already have strong beliefs, it doesn't matter how much data you throw at them. They are not going to change. While high numeracy (or relevant ability) almost always implies greater confidence in your own opinions in general.  Sincerely. I was expecting some logical structure that could fool graduates and be easy for children, or something about the slowness of analysis when people already know a lot of things, even some specific tendency or bias to choose methods that almost always solve but just in that case they don't. .
just replace the cream with a specific vaccine and you got the truth
I mean it's obvious democrats would be wrong if you reverse the columns cause then the data doesn't make any sense. It's not really fair to use this for comparison, but since you get things wrong in every video about misconceptions, i'm not surprised for this oversight.
preconceptions lead to perceptual biases, we see the lies we believe
If you’re reading this, today your responsibilities will make you happier than the usual. Get rest and handle it with love and positivity 👏🏼
Bit preachy. But ok.
Idk if I should be proud or disappointed that I got it right...
Well i eventually got the answer right by applying the logic of how many person got better per person got worse  Never was i ever more disappointed to myself for getting something right than this one
👍
6:30min in... And there is one major problem with your experiment... Republicans know actually facts about Gun Control and crime... if you show me something telling me Gun Control decreased crime, I KNOW it's democrat propaganda. I've read John Loot & Heather MacDonald and others... we have caught the democrats lying about so many things we would know it's not true. There are NO legitimate examples of Gun Control causing crime to decrease ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD EVER!   democrats on the other hand know exactly nothing... they just repeat whatever they hear and believe whatever makes them feel good. I don't think you could find a popular political topic that isn't this way... I AM a Republican BECAUSE when I sought the truth about such things the truth was ALWAYS easy to find and the democrats were ALWAYS caught lying about it, hence I am GOP because the truth and facts matter.  I get the intent is to show political bias, but as a matter of fact the Gun Control issue has only one correct answer and Republicans KNOW we are correct... this is NOT a matter of opinion... democrats just falsely believe they are also correct. So you have proven that democrats are politically biased, and that Republicans will refute false results because we are used to the democrat propaganda.  You want to "solve the problem"? Just seek the truth and use the scientific method expose ANYONE who is lying and misrepresenting... We'll go way back... the corruption and collaboration... the fake peer review and corrupted peer review process, falsifying of data, about 20yrs ago in the AGW - Anthropogenic (Man-Made) Global Warming movement... All they had was incorrect computer models... they were caught many times falsifying data, caught conspiring, and caught corrupting the peer review process to control information, AND they also refused to debate on the merits and slandered and censored their opponents.... so NOT the scientific method and if this sounds familiar... it should... we all just witnessed the 2.0 version with COVID.  I do NOT except this attempt to say "both side do it"... this is propaganda, but I would like to give you the benefit of the doubt. "Both side do it" could be said when one side does 99% and the other does 1%... it means nothing.
lol... The lady who got mad because he showed her numbers 😆🤦 3:10
High numeracy people are probably also generally smarter. Which means they've probably already formed an opinion on gun control based on far more data than was presented in this experiment. That's how the two questions differ. They had no prior information for the cream, but a lifetime of prior information on gun control. So, naturally, they (correctly) discounted the fake numbers presented in the test.
As soon as I saw the lady with the US flag cap on talking about how the numbers don't tell her anything and she wans to know what cream they're giving her I immediately knew who she would be voting
In the end of this video, I've heard "The only thing I hope to do is bring some awareness" and one thing I can say, you certainly did. While I've watched this video I've struggled against the notion of being afflicted by my ideologies and scientific data proving or disproving my inclination and all the time the feeling of affliction was  so high that by the end of the video I could only acknowledge the high amount of struggle needed to go beyond that. I'm most certainly going to bring more curiosity to my beliefs from now on. Thank you!
So it's not "being smart makes you stupid", it's "being too political makes you stupid".
Ciasgra Amigo
Okay but you asked Americans 😂🤣
This is result is not irrational. The high numeracy people were applying Bayesian reasoning. They had prior knowledge they believed held more weight than the numbers presented in the experiment. This was even 100% rational, since the numbers presented were completely made up.
for this type of questions we generally used risk ratio or odds ratio to get better understanding about the result. The risk ratio is the ratio of the probability (risk) of an event happening in an exposed group to the probability of the event happening in a non-exposed (or control) group. Since you have a control group (without cream) and an experimental group (with cream), this setup is similar to a cohort study where you're comparing the occurrence (or risk) of rash cure in both groups over a period. You can directly calculate the probability (or risk) of cure in each group and then find the ratio between them, making the risk ratio the best fit for interpreting the effectiveness.
A part of the problem that is often missed is how often people tie their existence to a political party. Anyone who personally feels that being in a political party is key to their identity is going to have a literal existential crisis because they think their party is key to who they are. Not to mention, politicians actively benefit off demonizing the other party. Most don't see other parties as a group of people but instead an object to hate on.   In the US, both major parties do this. Regardless of personal beliefs, it is undeniable that politicians actively demonize a portion of the people they are supposed to represent. People need to stop worshiping politicians as minor deities and see them as the liars, tricksters, and thieves that they are. People also need to start seeing the groups they were taught to demonize as real people.
TheFutureIQ also have an excellent video on this exact topic, and it's uncanny how they quote the same study and the same gun control example.
My opinion is that people let themselves become emotionally attached on what they believe is true over searching for the truth
Now that is a YouTube video. <3   We rely on too much second-hand opinions to get by in life. It's so hard to rethink everything in your life from scratch and form all your opinions first-hand.
I don't have a party, I think both of the major parties are run by people that are money and power hungry who most don't even know who they are, but our politicians are all beholden to them. My beliefs are pretty middle of road and there are things on both sides I think make sense over trying to control people so much.  So I am very alone politically in most rooms. Sadly people get so angry if you don't believe what they believe, all while saying people should have free choice in what they believe. It's just crazy.  I have changed my stance on things when I find reasons that make logical sense. I wish more people would.
Gun argument is such a silly argument in the US to begin with. Finland aka "Happiest Country on Earth" was discussed in the VP debate because it had high gun per capita (per 100k people), 85% of the male population even gets military training to use assault rifles yet theres less gun violence in the country. Thus the whole argument about banning guns is not resolving any issue whatsoever. The real problem with US is lack of mental health and rehab infastructure, not to mention poor social welfare structures. Yet neither Party is arguing for more mental healthcare for the country, both Dems and Rebs would rather have mentally ill survive on their own in the streets.
Well, that was disappointing.
Numbers don’t lie but you can lie about the numbers
I am so disappointed, why didn't you show the gun example first, now you robbed me from feeling dumb or smart or biased.
Let’s not forget that we are all supposed to be unified against tyrants. But the tyrants give us these things to argue amongst each other about so that we are easier to conquer. And it’s working. Very well.
Executive summary: Politics doesn't require logic or reasoning.
I would probably ended up not answering it because the "don't question the data, just answer the question" approach is not logical in the slightest
Honestly it's so depressing watching reddit lately.. It's so negative and impossibly left, it's obvious it's being censored and I am just tired of media being so lopsided.
I paused the video a @4:30 just to say, that after 2020, the results probably won't surprise me
The way America is educated, shows. Of course
Did anyone else notice the baseline democrats were smarter than the baseline conservatives?
Thank you for showing the logical side of partisans, not just the knuckle draggers
This tribal thing is awkward to me because I decided not on tribal thinking as I oppose my group but on the facts videos and talking points present to me which is very different from what you were telling. If I would be tribal I would likely have chosen the points of my friends instead I distance myself and I do not share there thoughts. Am I just asocial? I also got the answere right with my analytical brain which is more based on memory and neural networking than my stochastic thinking as I would call it which was more based on the numbers my belief. I saw that the top group was bigger but that it would make such a difference that was just my analytical brain which figured that out before me.
This is exactly the sort of trickery tyrants and the media they control use to mislead the sheeple. Don’t trust anything you hear or see on the “news”
This is the problem with Americans: their political ideology is so important to them that they fit their reality to it instead of looking at the facts. When you do that you are worse than a brainlet
U HAD ME DOING PERCENTAGES on the first question lol;74,81.25
Per capita?
Yeah... kinda like how smart people are often *more* susceptible to propaganda. Think they're ebove getting emotional, above getting wound up, don't even need to learn about fallacies and biases
So politics makes ppl irrational… it’s so good we have studies on this… there is no possible way we would know this otherwise!
Me getting the question right in first go: 🐒
This is probably the most important video you've put out in the last 5 years, and unfortunately, i feel it will go in one ear and out the other with the vast majority of viewers.
What's fascinating about the experiment is that it shows that being right isn't evidence of intelligence. Left-leaning people aren't special, they aren't smarter... A Liberal who's wrong seems like they would be just as likely to engage in this sort of motivated reasoning. Both sides are essentially engaging in group think, but they just happen to be right.
The timing and subject matter of the video are genius! Awesome!
To me this shows more that we've made too much sport  of political belief and party systems...
That last sentence...  my brain: "ahh screw you Derek," heart: "frick, he's right"
A lesson on the importance of learning statistics
Welcome to the social sciences, we’ve studied these questions for decades!
Helpp
I always love the studies which show basically "On average, most of you guys are dumb." :)
And then FBI statistics were silently revised upwards to show an increase in violent crimes.  Oopsie
The question is tricky, because the number of people in the experimental group is not the same as the number of people in the control group. That's why they get confused.
I love that Intelligent people Like Veritasium are starting to cover these types of topics that have been well known for 2000+ years(Greek Philosophers cover similar topics, so do Hindu and other eastern teachings). But People like Veritasium always fail to mention the fact that it's not some "accident" they always avoid pointing the finger at the politicians, media, corporations, banks, and Military organizations that are doing these things on purpose, With intention. I congratulate you for trying to draw attention to an ancient problem, but you have only served to further the issue by ignoring those that are responsible for making our society this way. Congratulations, you just sent 2.1 million people (At the time of my comment) down a rabbit hole without actually being honest and truthful with them on why our society is built this way.  Failing to point out the Greed, selfishness, Power, control, Money, and social institutions that benefit immensely from this type of Societal control makes you no better then the men willingly choosing to enact evil on the world. you are complicit in their evil.  "Evil succeeds because good men do nothing". You have 16.6 million youtube subscribers, and make crap loads of money, you have no excuse. An 'enlightened' man would never stand by and watch as evil men destroy the world, and bring unimaginable suffering to Billions of people.
5:40 the graphic is wrong 😖 no guns should be on the bottom
Whoops, i used a calculator instead of just reasoning it.
Imagine not viewing the world in black and white (= not having a two-party system).
As a researcher, I have to say that I would dismiss this data since both groups are not the same size. I don't think the proportions are big enough to rule out random variation, especially because first group is 3x as big. But I'm not good in X2 tests, anyone care to comment on that?
"Knowing is a barrier that prevents learning." -children of dune
His parents really named him Wiley Overstreet? lol
Not an interesting science video, pretty obvious problem statement and conclusion observed everywhere. Looks like click-bait to piggyback on the US election.
I obly believe what's right
One's worldview should not be blown about by every wind of teaching.   It takes data with a low level of statistical fluke for a scientist to reject the null hypothesis.  So it should take strong evidence for someone to reject their worldview.
Recommendation for not getting into political arguments: Discuss politics without discussing the most important political issues. Yeah right. Seems you are missing the whole point of politics.
should have put me in the “why do people think tribally” section. “I think what I’ve learned from this is that numeric ability does not translate to not being a completely biased dumbass. I will trust people politically even less from now on now that I know everyone else are idiots”
I didn't understand the numbers representing the outcomes of the study.  I was like "Why is the control group not the same size as the test group?" "Is there a column missing for those people with 'no change'?"... I wasn't ready to draw any conclusions from the numbers without this information!
another reason to hate politics
Me getting the answers right because I have dyscalculia: I must be a genius
If both testgroups where the same size it means that a lot people didnt noticed a different in that case the cream ist more effective because it has a higher chance to help but also a higher chance to make it worse so its a gamble basicly or where is my logical miss?
The way you categorize smart people is the way US describe terrorism.  Can you describe what it means as 'smart people'?
Hmm, not gonna lie, this title feels very misleading in light of the content. It's not that smarter people do any worse I think, it's that intelligence stops mattering as much.
I have an unfounded belief that asking people a question on the street with a camera instantly deducts 30 IQ points
What a shitty clickbait title to this video.
lol "lets stop talking about climate change" uhh, no. That is exactly how disinformation wins. I see the problem but the solution is never just give in to irrational beliefs like climate denial and effacing the urgent message from public view. The concrete example of Florida is an utter defeat for general public interests. What these people have "achieved" is that they further push people into denial about the real underlying cause of sea level rise and that the solution lies there.
Give Nino back #1 trending
…so people who are more capable of thinking are more susceptible to confirmation bias?
Clickbait title again. Knowing math obviously does help. It's just not enough.
This morning I did not expect to carry out a chi squared test for independence because of a YouTube video
I use Ground News as a non American. The polarisation by the media and the bias makes me lean towards Trump when comparing articles. Let's see how he does in the election.
Fascinating study...would be interested to see the trials repeated in European democracies, as from a viewpoint here in the UK I find it strange how politicised and polarised US culture is with even judges being labelled by their party affiliation...
Scientific papers are much more likely to be totally wrong when it comes to political matters, so the right thing to do is to just dont trust them
With your reach, I would love to see an analysis of the book For Us, The Living by Robert Heinlein. I think the perspective of the book would positively impact the world in a way that is long overdue. Thank you for everything you do.
I'm not sure cream and gun control are analogous. I know nothing about rash cream and I don't have any context or past data. I do care about people's lives. Surely any good Bayesian would have a prior for the latter and a much weaker or even no prior for the former. I'm not at all claiming this detracts from the polarisation, just that the "they're both the same question" is untrue.
Bruh first time i scored +A on a test🥲
bad study. range 4-7 looks slightly dumber here because they come with knowledge from the outside of the study. Most of them will barely look at the numbers, which are made up anyway. Range 7-8 will look at the numbers and interpret them in a way that suits them. Only range 9-10 can analyse properly with or without outside information. Range below 4 are just people repeating talking points or going for the big numbers.
Thats because I dont need to look these numbers to know that obviously gun control worsens crimes
The "smart" people who got these wrong didn't look that smart at all.
There's an important distinction between "Can I read this data?" and "Is it convincing enough?".  "This seems to suggest gun control works. But if legislation like this gets pushed through after an uptick in gun violence, we may just see regresssion to the mean."  This isn't necessarily about how politicised something is, but more general about underlying assumptions (see Bayseian statistics). Even if the numbers are the same, we'd think differently about studies that suggest blueberries protect against a certain type of cancer, vs. one that suggests they protect against lightning strikes. The difference is how plausible we believe the connection to be.
Yikes 😬. The skincare one is so obvious you're supposed to look at the ratios. That's like an elementary-level question. Wow
3:08 this lady “ what do the numbers mean” mason energy. “ I don’t think they mean anything to me. I need to see the product in the rash myself.” I actually tried to see it from her perspective for her for a second to give her the benefit of the doubt and I couldn’t
Here's what I did. I made them into two groups. Group A where the people used the cream. Group B where people didn't. I rounded the numbers to 225, 75 for group A and 108, and 22 for group B. (1)-In group A- for 75% of the people of group A the cream worked and they felt relief from their rashes. The cream didn't work for 25% of people from group A and their rashes got worse. (2)-In group B- for 83.07% of people from group B, their rashes improved. Rashes got worse for 16.93% of people from group B. From the data until now, we find that people who didn't use the cream were 1.1076 time more likely to improve their rashes than those who used the cream. And yes of course the fact that relative one's own group, group A had 3 times more people fixed than worsened whereas group B had 5 times more people fixed than worsened. And that the people who didn't use the cream were 1.4776 times more likely to NOT worsen their rashes than the people who did use the cream. But this should be considered a real world setting and hence we must also consider the amount of data given. (3)-Group A had 298 people which I rounded off to 300 as I mentioned.  (4)-Group B had 128 people which I also rounded off to 130. The result varies only little without rounding off. From this we find that group A had 2.3076 times more data to provide than group B. If we also look at how much data more was being provided by group A than group B and that it was more than how much more group A was likely to fail, in a real world setting, it can be at the very least concluded that group A isn't as worse than what many might have presumed just by seeing how much it was more likely to fail. Also, if it were a real statistic, I believe the cream would be beneficial for people who haven't dealt with skin problems in the past and whose skin isn't reactive. Until and unless the data says that the condition also worsened for people who haven't had skin problems before.
Good one V
No. Your entire premise misses the point. One side is right, the other side is wrong. There is ZERO tolerance, for this, and that's the way it should be. @11:13 you mention a paper of some Florida plan to take sea level rise on. How to combat something THAT DOES NOT EXIST. There is no sea level rise. At least no since the USA has been a country. The San Francisco bay has an area called the mud flats. That has been there as long as people have been there. UNCHANGED in hundreds of years. If there was a sea level rise, the mudflats would cease to exist. ERGO... THERE IS NO SEA RISE.
"You can't reason a person out of a position that they didn't reason themselves into." -Unk.
It kind of makes me feel patronized when people say that "you mostly believe what you do politically to fit in with the tribe." I'm willing to admit that this is a small factor, sure, but a MUUUCH bigger factor is that one side of the political spectrum has made my existence a political issue, and consistently compares me and other queer people like me to voracious child predators. Almost every time a republican politician gets on a stage to talk about trans issues, it's about how we're trying to groom kids, how it needs to be harder for us to receive the medical care we need, how we need to be forced into the wrong bathrooms. So forgive me for not getting along with these people. Centrism is just as biased a political position as partisanship from either side.
Lol smarter people are more invested in collecting info and data to support their ideology (victim to confirmation bias) while dumb people don't give a crap about either (avoid confirmation bias). The irony!!!
Excelente conteúdo!
Why is hair blue in new thumbnail?
I think the primary issue was considering most of these people “smart” to begin with
The midwits who fell for pharma's big dumb fraud can't address their error directly, but are still producing copes like this "it's smart to be wrong, actually" instead of updating to the empirical reality that they are in fact fools
"What do you think about this made up study?" "I don't trust it, I would look at another fake study"
Yeah, the kid @10:25 speaking in Marxism. "If we can be unburdened by what was". Right out of the Marxist playbook. Indeed, what Kamala Harris says, on numerous occasions.
So am not smart 😢😢 I got it right 😂😂
I think at 4:58, Derrick shows his own bias. "Democrats generally believe that gun control reduces crime..." (no further explanation given) "....whereas Republicans believe it increases crime because it takes the guns outta the hands of good guys who could prevent or deter crime."
I was waiting for the first cream question to have a trick answer because I got it right immediately and was scared I wasn't a genius like I always believed.   Good thing it was just politics and I'm still a nerd.
What I would be interested in seeing, is how highly anti-social/disagreeable people answer the question. I rate in the top 2 percentile for trait introversion and consider myself highly anti-tribal. I have almost no friends, dislike both major political parties (and really am neutral to negative on society as a whole). And don't worry, I'm also a pacifist philosophical Taoist. Would a lack of any of these tribal pointers make my numeracy more reliable?   Also I don't think it's that being better at math makes you worse at math problems. It's that intelligent people are better at rationalizing and like to pretend that because they can rationalize it, that it makes it at least possibly true. Sort of like the idea of doubt within in a court room. They can prevent themselves from administering a guilty verdict for as long as they can imagine different ways it might not be, which for a really smart person can be an awful long time.
The question is highly vague when you pit guns instead of rash. Becuse crime incresed could be a category not a sample like the rash was
Nah these people are idiots
I actually don’t think people “consider themselves open minded and able to change belief based on facts” I think it’s just a thing people say because it’s a logical answer and saying “no, I’ll refute those facts until the bitter end” sounds unreasonable to most everyone.
Good video, horrible clickbait title (On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse)
Great video man!  I totally see how this would be the case.   I've been convinced of something that went against my beliefs based on data, but it's rare.  The difficult part of trusting "studies" is that they're often made up with conclusions only drawn using p-hacking (which you have an excellent video on).
Huh. So humility and empathy really matter?
So what your saying is politics make you dumb
Smart people not getting the questions right: 😅😁  Dumb people getting the questions right: 😁😎
We've known this for decades. Hell centuries at this point. Social engineering is potent. Just look at the German population before and during hitlers rule.
10:00 I think everyone should just take a moment to let this part sink in.... We're so similar yet so divided, and having access to the echo chamber that is the internet tends to exaggerate all our hate and disatisfaction for the "other side" of the political spectrum.  It makes things so polarized, when in reality, things are more nuanced that we realize.    I think the world would be a much happier, safer, and less hateful place if everyone were to just.... stop for a moment... and think about this.
Good episode. Conclusion a better numeracy is the way to go. Why should individuals in the so called democracy be worried about losing friendships or becoming isolated in the first place? Maybe everyone should improve their concept of freedom of opinion and freedom of expression and start respecting these freedoms.
If there is no trust in the data due to politicization of science, it is very difficult to expect rational decisions based upon the data.  Consider all the censorship and pseudo science during covid.  Get politics out of science.  Now there would be a challenge!
Remember Remember the fifth of...something. idk
Honestly, the country bias in this study is too strong for me to take seriously. US Americans' argument in general more emotional than rational.
Oh wow we're all people and we're all stupid and similar theres just a misunderstanding and lack of communication between us oh man wow  Read a history book, this isn't a new concept. We're animals, its not that hard to understand.
3:08 well you see I refuse to answer bc I don’t know enough. I should try that for my next math test !
Explains so much. And makes me afraid of my own views.
This is also why "lies, damn lies and statistics" is a saying. The way the data was represented led to poor comprehension. If they were presented as percentages to show the proportionality everyone would have done much better. The way data is presented is important
America's crazy place wdym yall got politics on gun controls? Almost all 1st world countries work just fine with no guns. Even where i live, gun are basically something that a normal person cant even think about owning let alone use it. It's specifically and ONLY used by law enforcement. To the point, I've never ever seen a gun in real life, maybe on TV. Yall got problems as a society, still got school shootings, still got massive gun fights (or so I've heard) if anything guns should be out of reach of civilains.
''I intended meetings in the opposing party and they sounded kinda like my side'' woman discovers that the liberal party is actually right wing (:
Video feels like it's part of The Social Dilemma By that... can you make one summarizing what documentary intended? Not as in terms of social media apps, but in terms like what flaws we have in society's ability to socialize
There is an innate problem with this experiment, because individuals were interviewed on camera, there is a bias for them to stick to their beliefs rather than interpret the data in fear of the clip being used to justify the opposing ideal, leading to personal embarrassment. Ideally, all the interview should’ve been done anonymously.
God I hate politics so much.  I know nobody wants me to come to this conclusion, but for the first time in my life, as a near 50-year-old man, I am not going to vote.  I can't stand the constant lies and virtue signalling, and how much you blind yourselves to facts just because you want your team to win.
I miss when most Americans assumed every American wanted to benefit the society, and to benefit from it. We used to trust each other so much more. I'm not saying the past was better, but it feels like yesterday that I could joke about Obama with my friends. I hope we turn away from the cliff.
My man just exposed that conservatives are dumber than liberals 😂😂
With gun control, both sides have a good point. Since there are so many guns everywhere and criminals already have easy access to guns, the whole forbidding guns thing is out of the question though. Deterrence is certainly more effective in the long run, but it obviously doesn't fix the problem of having so many guns in the first place.
That was pretty impressive...
Teaching how to get immune to propaganda and not spreading it while a lot of people are doing so, this channel is the best.
This question is tricky because I can't understand what "Rash improved" and "Rash worsened" means. "Rash improved" can be positive and negative at the same time...
What they should be teaching in social studies.
Incorrect. What makes this incorrect is some medicine works but does have negative effect on some which is totally different from just not working. The crime scenario, is also problematic because the crime wasn’t listed as gun crime or types.
TRUMP FOR THE WIN
All this tells me is that people who can't do proper data visualization shouldn't post papers.
This whole video is based on a study that failed to replicate.
Did not realise the rollercoaster i got into when I clicked the video
U catfished me in to this video
I actually have the solution, just watch.
Omg I recognize the University of Arizona
I'm reading the comments and on one hand I'm wondering if the fact that so many people are missing the point of the study is evidence that Veritasium's video could have done a better job at presenting it, on the other I wonder if the comments perfectly validate the results of the study itself.  People are questioning the methodology of the study, even though they are using the illustrative re-enactment of the video, just to make sure the results do not contradict their beliefs. They are doing the same with the potentially click-baity nature of the title, etc. Those are fair items for discussion, but the numbers in the study are the numbers in the study. One could indeed read the study and critique the methodology, or even better, try and reproduce the results, but the numbers are what they are.  The comments section does seem to capture the fundamental epistemological problem that this kind of studies raise: Is being aware of a potential bias sufficient to prevent applying that bias? It probably isn't in many contexts, this being one of them.
I’m not religious anymore, but a phrase from my religion growing up is ever more accurate today: “woah to the learned, who think they are wise.” Thinking you’re smart enough to skip fundamentals and ignore data because “you already know” or “you already thought of the best answers” is a rapid way to be wrong consistently.
I'm a bit bummed you didn't present the questions in opposite order, i.e. the politically loaded "test" first. On the other hand, I presume your audience in general scores higher in both numeracy and especially science curiosity, so I guess we're more likely to get it right regardless.
Reason of difference: People use the information they have and believe to make evaluations.  Skin cream: people dont have more information than given in chart  Gun crime: people do have more information than given in chart  This is why people tend to trust experts in fields they arent in but then trust experts less in fields they are in.  When one study conflicts with another... we are talkjng about the findings and conclusions. We aren't learning the reasons to supercede previous reasons.   If you tell me sugar is good and someone else says sugar is bad... that says basically nothing to me about reasons or amounts or contexts.  Id have to know the data and data gathering methods as well as how you get from that data to your findings then conclusions.   Its not just... well i got a study that says 5 and so your study that says 4 is wrong and youve got to now change your mind because otherwise you dont believe facts. The thing is... if you dont change your mind it is because you dont believe what is claimed to be facts... are indeed facts.
So it’s not “smart people are ruining democracy”… it’s “smart people aren’t helping democracy any more than people who aren’t smart”, which is still an impactful result, just different (and less misleading).
The smartest move was not to play the game.
I am not sure that it is because of politics. I think it is due to confirmation bias. We look for data or interpret data to fit our idea of how something works.   I think it fits with political concepts well because often the problems are complex and difficult to simply test. There tend to be many variables and complex relationships between the variables. People also tend to be well entrenched in their idea of a solution or cause to a political issue.   This is why in many studies the groups and or data are blinded from the person(s) collecting and/or analyzing the data. So that conclusions can be drawn strictly from the numerical data rather than individual biases.   What I find interesting is that when the fictitious results conflict with their beliefs they then want to see study design or check sources. To me this suggests that their ability to analyze the data and results still exists. They have been given the data and they analyze the data and they do not like the results. And rather than voice what their analysis discovered they ask to see the sources and study design.   To me this is clearly a confirmation bias coming into play. When the data doesn’t challenge expectations we freely go along with the data. When the data challenges expectations we question the data itself.
Just some thoughts that I think help/hurt why people would entrench or fail to engage with the numbers: - A skin care study is assessing the entire sample of people effected by the cream/non-cream (100% of the people in the study were measured) while ~500 samples in a gun control study would barely scratch the surface of all of the potential variables and implications of different crimes (boiled down to one number) - Political topics are inherently more difficult because its harder to quantify things like "control" and "safety" as these are relative terms that heavily change based on the population - There's an inherently emotional response about gun control/violence because it directly impacts life and death, along with people being passionate about whichever side they feel best serves the problem  Overall, I think reducing a study about rashes down to a number is reductionist, but logical for people. Compared to something that they feel is inherently more nuanced (due to the emotional side of their reasoning framing it as logic) they would likely substitute (probably accurate) flaws with data collection processes in general, but ones that just so happen to agree with their beliefs. Confirmation bias at its finest haha.  I agree with the overall thesis, and I often say when people tell me "they dont understand politics" I usually default to "We're all pretty much the same in that we want our lives to be better, healthier, happier, and safer, we just might disagree on what we think is the best way to achieve that goal."
So bias exists, got it.
My first question was how rigourous was the study and what were the specifics of the study. You can't say anything based on the limited information provided.
me being smart and dividing the improved by the worsened at the very start: 🤓
It's a bit weired to see different number of people in the control group than in the test group. Makes it seem like there are some data missing (like "no changes observed", which could make the result different).
This is a great video evidencing how many people are fallible to biases and cognitive miserliness. If anyone wants to find out more about this topic read The Intelligence Trap by David Robson where the book mentions Kahan’s studies referenced in the video. It’s a great read for attuning and enhancing your knowledge and understanding of cognitive biases and potential pitfalls we may encounter in the age of digital media, communication and information overload.
'We believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe' is overly simplistic. That definitely is a factor but there is a lot more going on than that. As for the study, I expect there was more going on too with the researchers making conclusions beyond what was in the data. I for one am likely to question the source of the data but I don't think that would cause me to make a math mistake for that question. More likely I would, as many did in your video, question the premise rather than answer the question. So are you sure they actually looked at the data and answered the question because I didn't see anyone doing that.
"There are lies, damned lies, and statistics."
Covid mRNA vaccine statistics looked exactly like the rash cream results. And when I pointed it out people people didn't understand my point.  No, I'm not an anti-vaxxer.
The only antidote to this is to not attach yourself to a political group. If you accept they all suck and are equally pessimistic about all of them, you allow your mind to be open. The moment you attach yourself to an ideological group, you have made your choice. Allow yourself the freedom to vote for anyone that represents your personal interests the best. Forget the labels and be willing for it to change at any moment. There is no benefit to being strongly attached to political groups.
I think this is a r spurious study.  I imagine the decreasing accuracy is moreso due to the confusing wording and double negatives.   That being said I still agree with Derek's overarching point.
I'm an ethics teacher and I have used ideas from your videos in the past for my own lessons. I think you do such a great job with these videos. Always love to see them!
too bad we had to encounter the skin cream version first, and couldn't test ourselves
5:00 Why 'believe' anything about guns? There's plenty of statistics & evidence available for creating a better understanding of the situation.
I would be very interested to see what the results of this study are amongst people who are *not* strongly affiliated politically; e.g., people who didn't bother showing up for a political rally, and *definitely* not people wearing a "Harris/Walz" t-shirt, or a MAGA hat.  I don't necessarily think such people are the better citizens - elections and politics *are* important - but perhaps their detachment makes them better judges objectively, when looking at the raw data. Perhaps not thinking you have a stake at something, even if you do, saves you from cognitive bias. After all, that's the principle behind "double blind" protocols: don't tell me what the numbers mean, and I can tell you what they _mean_ .
this video perfectly shows why society is the way it is lol
Great presentation of your and my basis ..  Yin Yang in essence as Lao Tzu wrote of in the 98 versus in the Tao Te Ching 2000 years ago 👍👍  ✌🌎
that damn “g i f t e d” program LMFAOOOOO
The FBI study also didn't include major cities that previous years included.
This is unfair. Once you made the problems political, it was no longer a math problem.  With the hand cream, the participants saw the question as what it was - a test that features a math problem with a single correct answer to find. With guns, they saw it as a platform to propagate their beliefs, they no longer seeked to find the correct solution at all, they twisted the numbers to defend their worldview. This is why the correlation with intelligence was lost, this research shows absolutely nothing.   At the end of the day, political beliefs are almost always selfish. People simply desire to build a society that they would prefer, regardless of whether it would be a worse society for others or not. Such society may or may not be benificial to everyone else as well and if it isn't, they may or may not delude themselves into believing it is depending on their moral compass. Regardless of any of it, people simply pursue what they desire, abandoning rationality. Which makes perfect sence because desire is preference, preference is choice, choice is the manifestation of values, values are apriori irrational. "these questions smart people answer wrong" is a dumb way to put it, because if the question involves politics, the answers to it are neither wrong nor right, they are interpretations that favour the ideologies of particular individuals. And if the answers are factually incorrect, that means the testee chose deception as the strategy of their propaganda technique, for one reason or another. "These questions smart people answer in a way that favours their perspective on the underlying premise." If you put it that way, then suddenly there's nothing strange or interesting about any of this.  TL;DR politics are about values, values are always irrational apriori. The lack of correlation between rationality and intelligence isn't surprising because those are two different things that have nothing to do with each other. Rationality is a tool that does certain jobs well, poorly certain other jobs and isn't designed to do certain other jobs at all. Much like any tool.
In other words, trust the election polls lol
The difference between those who would proclaim "believe the science", and those who would actually check that the scientific method has been correctly implemented.
Even for intelligent people, emotions can sometimes be easily taken advantage of and exploited.  Take Filipinos, who are naturally intelligent and resilient. However, politically, emotions are often used by candidates to gain support. In the 2022 election, the majority voted for the current president, moved by sympathy for the oppressed—a sentiment the president leveraged to secure public backing.  Now, the Philippines teeters on the brink due to incompetence, corruption, abuse of power, unaccountability, and weak leadership from the current administration.  It is my hope that the Philippines learns from this experience and works toward building stronger, more accountable governance.
got it right   i have it in me  yheaaa
Reason evolved to justify our own beliefs. A philosophy student has better tools to rationalize themselves not returning their philosophy textbook to the library.
Pretty stupid video. Pulling out some apolitical hope message of unite when we all know its the republicans that are driving division in the US.   But this guy just wants viewers, so he wont say what is right.
Derek, you skirt around the 'human dilemma' once again. You touched upon it in your Game Theory video.  Karl Sigmund’s evolutionary Game Theory illustrates the benefit of social intelligence, a 3-cycle strategy of mutual long-term faith and tolerance.  Maths is merely the training terrain and testing ground toward a Mathema or logos; an ability to step-back observe learn re-cognise and understand natural patterns and sequence e.g. a Fibonacci sequence or Golden Ratio (Phi φ), basis of the cosmos' cohesive structure and swirl without which space-time would be stunted dissolute and amorphous.  The 'human dilemma' is keeping one's intrinsic moral core centred and conscious in an everchanging time-space continuum and humans pulsing fluxing external ego-system: 1.	The Dunning-Krueger study of 1999 illustrates that 72% of humanity’s selves overestimate their own cognitive ability. 2.	In 2011 Daniel Kahneman wrote Thinking, Fast and Slow about the difference between primal reflex and reflective intelligence, ranging from “System-1” to “System-2" ‘thinking.’  3.	Our ‘brains’ primal state of perceptive ‘awareness’ is extrinsic, a feral being alert to immediate visceral ‘threat.’ This sympathetic ‘fight or flight’ default mechanism tends to over-whelm a considered human response-ability, a state of parasympathetic ‘rest & digest’
Showing fake evidence to prove people don’t use evidence to guide their decisions is a bit nonsensical lol.
It should be obvious that if you already have a belief it will take more effort to unbelieve it than it will to analyze something you don’t have a belief in
"No villainizing the other side" A good start.
I would like to see this study extended to skeptics, real skeptics not self described skeptics. Yes, even skeptics cherry pick data and have biases but we try to be aware of our biases. Would we fall into the same traps? To what degree?
got first one kinda right 😂 must be dumb. I did not conclude that the cream made rashes worse due to the difference in sample size, but did note that higher percent of the placebo reported improvement. I would draw no conclusions from this however. Agree I think people should have no idea what party they are voting for, instead voting directly on plans for the country and find out who they voted for later. Take tribalism out of the equation. Doubtful that will ever happen, however, I think no dedicated member of any party would want that, who’d sacrifice the ability to win by other means? That would take founding father levels of humility, removing one’s own ability to win by anything other than the calibre of their plans.
The moderates got it right, the partisans got it wrong.
I think the thing is the 'smarter' people don't just blindly accept the boiled down numbers that they are being shown. One of the people actually started saying something like that, there could be other factors. Rash and a skin cream is also something that is much easier to isolate, while crimerates are very hard to isolate to only one factor. And especially when it's a hot button issue that they already have a certain belief about, if the data appears to contradict it, it's not only a matter of will you change your belief if the data shows differently, but you also need to make very sure that the data is actually correct. Remember, there's lies, big lies and statistics. You can prove just about anything if you pick your datapoints in the right way, and many studies are not completely independant or free of bias themselves (it's all done by people after all, and funding is even worse). And especially if you then go to a political rally... I'm not at all surprised that people are unwilling to say that with these numbers gun control wouldn't work or would work, as even with the caveat of it being fictional data, it could hurt their 'side' on this issue.
At the end of the video: "....and that, my fellow Veritasium fans, is why i'm voting for kamala harris."
Why is it "normal" to reason about and display non-normalized data as the final result? Does it trigger only me?
The only ad that I liked
well i did the math from the start and my political view will never affect questions like this where math is involved, i look at it like i am in an exam. he did mention the survey was done on US citizens, so i think it's fine as they are more affected by things like this
Is that 50% Ground News Discount permanent or just for one year then it jumps to 100 per year?
'Liberal democrat', 'Conservative republican' - in the context of the US, that's just the word 'liberal' repeated 4 times.  'The plans do not debate whether or not climate change is man-made - they just deal with the issues  faced by residents' - so, they are trying to treat the symptoms without understanding the causes, in other words.
The problem is not that people are "smart". The problem is that the presentation is "stupid". Normalize the table by drug and placebo groups and everything is clear.
i live in democracy, yet i understand that gun control is rather unuseful depending on how it's composed.
Excellent work on this thank you
Extraordinary video as always
I think the beliefs of a certain side here, have been very much formed as a part of lived experience. Eg we remember vividly now much better life was 4 years ago, how much less we had to spend on everything, the Zero new wars started.
After watching this whole video..  This is why there is a critical thinking and reasoning section on standardized test ( well at least some do, like the mcat) Forces you to separate your self form studies you may have a bias towards, are be familiar with and just focus on the data/research being presented on the page(s).
In _Why People Believe Weird Things_ , author Michael Shermer studied several somewhat-similar phenomena.  If I were to summarize that book in a single sentence, it would be something like, “the smarter you are, the better you are at coming up with reasons to believe ‘whatever.’”  Of course, it’s much more involved and more interesting than just that one sentence, so I recommend the book to anybody interested in Cognitive Biases.
Me who studied Chi test in College
Why not do something about making politics multi party/polar instead of bipolar
I think the takeaway is we need to replace our voting system with one that doesn't tend to divide people into two balanced tribes, because tribalism makes people irrational. With first past the post, it's always two parties. We could go to approval voting, or ranked choice, or something of that nature.
Dunning-Kruger effect?
I just assumed there were gonna be varying amount of people in the control vs test, so I just divided the improved over worsened, the larger value the better right? So the cream is worse?
When you go into political context around 7:00 in, you argue that numeracy score didn’t help arrive at the correct conclusion. However, if you listen to their responses they’re explaining why more factors than just the statistical data should be considered. This debunks the claim that numeracy score didn’t matter in the political topic because it’s not that they’re unable to find the right answer based on numbers, it’s that they have a more robust understanding of the topic as it is politically charged. They then apply their own reason to even correct/compensate for the study findings.  This is actually a good thing and demonstrates that those people are less likely to be manipulated by a fake study and apply reasoning in the face of false metrics.  I would commend both the Democrat and Republican people that rationalized their response. They may be wrong, but they could explain the REASON for their answer.  It takes an “intellectual” to dictate that there is a “correct conclusion” based on study data alone. It’s sophomoric intelligence… in other words, extremely smart people can be notoriously stupid when it comes to real world application of basic intelligence.  Study data is a sample of data. Intellectuals have a tendency to cling to that data as if it were their Bible containing the gospel.   This reminds me of when I had interns from MIT report to me as a mentor. They were insanely smart. Objectively smarter than me, I can easily admit that. In fact that is when I learned that there is a difference in intellectual capability, because I came to believe that even if I devoted my life to studying their fields of expertise, I would never be able to function at their capacity. However… they were some of the most incompetent, stupid, mentally deficient people I have ever mentored. I was amazed that they were capable of going to the bathroom and actually hitting the urinal without guidance. But they could do things in their head that I couldn’t even figure out how to get a calculator to do.  All but one of them were complete failures in the internship program. They were more trouble than they were worth. And the one that was actually useful ended up converting to an employee at the end of the internship, and then ended up losing his job half a year later due to harassing workplace interactions.  So smart there was something wrong with them…
Why do the groups for the skin cream have different amounts of people in them? Surely you want the same number of participants for the control group as the experimental group?
My rule of thumb for rational thinking is, “If I can’t or haven’t proven it, then either there is no correct answer or I have nothing, respectively.”  Another good one is assume that you have to convince someone of your position who knows everything and another who knows nothing about each position to take and their sole job is to challenge you in every way possible.
No. The numbers don't make sense anymore. In the gun example. 225 vs 75 unitless irrelevant numbers is extremely different than presenting them as singular case + treatment = outcome. This is the aggregate of all those single cases.  It's not an equivalent comparison
Follow up replication studies of this paper have failed to find the same results. You never mentioned if you were able to replicate the results or not in your video. Why? Do better
Because politics is about controlling the other team.  Everybody wants to win rather than be free.
Humans are the most violent irrational and illogical creatures on the planet capable of the most compassionate incredible and creative ideas. We are both the best and the worst that the universe has created. We are loved by God and the devil at the same time. Why ? Because just like mathematical equations, the universe requires everything to balance to zero. You can't have love without understanding. Hate and you can't have logic without being illogical. I hope this answers your question or does it raise more?
We the other part of the world mainly only hold one political standpoint so it's not that important. but it is interesting trying to have a true neutral is not possible because it is black or white situation
Hey, thanks for the great video.  There is just one think I am curious about. At 12:10 you can see the percentage of people getting the question right. You can see that 25% or less of the republicans with a numeracy score of 0 got the either version of the question right. Since the question is binary that would mean that republicans without numeracy like gun control?  Or was there the possibility of no answer, which would explain, why the percentages are below 50 at the beginning!
Eh I think this is flawed  Rash better or worse means something  Crime up or down doesn’t mean anything, what is that even measuring?? Instead of a ratio that would just be a difference?  It makes sense people fall back on their own interpretation.  Bad wording.  But obviously bias matters.
my take is whoever claims that he holds the truth and only he holds the truth, he's most likely lying.
How do you make these animations? What do you use to make these or does your team make it?
It's sad to see that people don't have stronger feelings about skin creams 😅
Considering how fast the intelligent left side went from "the c-vid v-ccine is completely optional" to "we will let you die unless you get the shot", then literally put people into camps who weren't even sick, put people in prison for the crime of traveling from one city to another (happened in Australia), and cooperatively censored free speech worldwide, I'd say it doesn't matter who's in charge or how smart they are. Human nature is human nature, there's nothing we can do about it. If people think human nature is some wonderful thing I don't know what to say given the evidence to the contrary.
To me, if the cream worsened the condition more often than no cream, no cream is better over all because maybe the act of applying the cream has a psychological effect that can affect stress and stress influences rashes. So anyhow, the numbers don't mean anything at this scale.
This is a well known phenomenon. Smart people can use more mental gymnastics to ignore the data that goes against them. Meanwhile not-smart people are susceptible to propaganda.  My solution is that I am a centrist but everyone will boo me off the stage if I suggest that as an universal one.
I'd say the gun control is way murkier than skin cream. With skin cream, you can somewhat isolate the confounding variables - you have people in a relatively small area, some control over lifestyle and diversity, as well as other creams, food allergies etc. With gun control there are way more confounding variables. It would be tough for anyone without training in sociology to even recognize other factors, let alone understand them and their effects.
The problem with "smart" people is, that they are good at reasoning. So good indeed, that they are able to fool themselves, that their pre-held believe is true. Cognitive dissonance is holding onto beliefs and convincing yourself, that they have to be right, because you are a good/smart/... person.  If I believe, there is a lot of red cars on the roads and want to make sure that's true, I would see every red car and "conclude" (validate my already existing believe) there is a lot of them. If someone believes there is very little red cars, they would look at every car that's not red as well and conclude there is way more of those, so they are right. If I didn't have a believe I would just look at all the cars I see, count them by color and use whatever percentage is red to reason that both believes could be valid, depending on what you think "a lot" means. And the more emotionality and conviction is behind a believe, the more likely you are to subconsciously search and find evidence to support your believe and misinterpret and ignore opposing evidence.
hey, the way i feel about global warming has changed a lot over the years. It’s not a question, there’s acceleration in the warming but, WHAT IF. Burning the fossils fuel in the ground might actually be good. Methane cause x25 global warming compered to CO2. What would even happen if a massive natural gas reserve leaks in the atmosphere? and why do they seem to stay in the ground? 🤔
These studies always show the same thing: That progressive, left leaning people are smarter and better informed. The whole fake numbers to see if you can trick them into thinking that gun control doesn't work is very clever. But only shows that even fake numbers can't really fool them. "But they're supposed to just believe the numbers!" They do, but you're talking about a type of person who values being informed and, on average, attempts to be informed. This exposes them to . . . more numbers. When you get hit with lots of numbers, you learn to parse them and judge them: 'How valuable and informative are these numbers? Do they line up with numbers I've seen? Is someone trying to fool me here?' These are the questions an informed person asks themselves upon learning the results of a study. If you were to ask yourselves these questions in response to the numbers showing that a hypothetical gun control measure was ineffective, you'd be correct to reject them (remember, the numbers shown were fake, not real).  You're also dealing with a population of people who live in a world full of misinformation. When those intelligent enough to do so detect that something is wrong with the information they're presented with, they'll take oblique positions that will restate or insist on what they know to be generally true in order to mitigate the misinformation. They are correct to do this.
we can just simply calculate the percentage and answer it
From cream to gun control makes no sense. The cream was tested in a controlled enviorment while gun control and crime have 1000 factors left out. And the fact is crime reflects the state of the society you living in. This is not a honest representation.
If the data agrees with my standpoint, it confirms that I'm right. If the data disagrees with my standpoint, it's inconclusive, too small sample size, or it doesn't take all the environmental factors into account. :)
Unfortunately, people already in office who choose to make choices based on new evidence and making the "best" choice given the circumstances are often unseated by newcomers blaming them for failing to make policy along party lines. Personally, I'd vote for the people who make the most rational choices, but that is obscured by the rhetoric prattling at debates and town hall meetings.
Am I crazy or is this just asking people loaded questions and having them try to fill in the blanks based on their biases?
People's baises affect their reasoning. It was a general consensus regarding skin cream; but substitute the skin cream for societal issue like gun control, then baises, variances and every factor comes into play, further proving the intial statement made myself, emphasized by the work of Kahan (2014), and summarized by Veritasium: People's baises affect their reasoning.
"Did the skin cream make it better or worse?" can have more than one interpretation, because it could be better or worse than using no cream or better or worse than it has been before. If we go for the second interpretation that would mean that cream and no cream will both result in less rashes than before.  The latter interpretation is the one I went for because it was just about the rash getting better not comparing cream vs no cream even though the data was given. I am not sure if the question was intended to be interpreted in different ways but I think it has to be considered when talking about answering right or wrong.  It also fits with experiences from the real world as the human body is capeable to heal rashes. This could also be explained by people changing their lifestyle which results in better or worse rashes. In other words: there are unknown variables of which we dont know if their influence is significantly influencing the test results. This is why it is REALLY a lot of effort to statistically prove something is working in a specific way in the human body.  As you can see the problem of interpreting data is a complex matter that is also very much based around the initial question asked. Rephrasing can have a major impact as you have also shown in the video.  Biases have an influence of the information we trust or dismiss as nonsense. I got a lot of things wrong at university and one thing I learned from that is to reconsider my initial conditions because often I have made a mistake in assuming something incorrectly and then working with that which led me nowhere. What helped me was seeing approaches from different people to the problem I was working on, even if they couldn't solve the problem themselves.
chart: numbers Our autistic ass:: *does quick math in head* no the cream doesnt help, 83.6% people got better w/o cream and 74.8% people got better w/ cream signifying the  cream didnt help in any way but rather in fact that it could hinder the natural healing process everyone: mm yes numbers Our autistic ass: see? chart: but with guns :)  everyone: Ok, but gun control Our autistic ass: NO NO NO THE NUMBERS! NOT CONTEXT! STOP! NO! THE NUMBERS THO! NO STOP NO *is cryingggggg* -7/Olive/Meadow
"Avoid partisan rhetoric, avoid loaded terms"?  But this is the essence of what has been tweet-pioneered into political power. For example, by generating tribalism around made up terms like "CRT" you can propel your leader forward regardless of the laws they break.
I'd conclude that the sample size is too small for an accurate reading, and that 5:1 vs 3:1 are actually quite similar at these small scales
So I almost didn't watch this video because of the clickbaity title, but am glad that I did
I'm so happy i live in a country with more than 2 parties and less extreme election events
The smarter you are, the more able you are to see past the deception.  But... the smarter you are, the easier it is for a great deceiver to deceive you by playing into your higher intellect and turning it against you.  And smarter people are slower to realize/admit they are wrong because... well... they're smart... the can't be wrong.  And that's how smart people become polarized on topics.
Timely and worth the 15 minutes.
We frequently see reports demonstrating that contrary evidence has low efficacy in changing people’s beliefs on contentious policy issues. This study is in the same vein. But this begs the question of how people form their beliefs initially. If beliefs are initially formed on the basis of evidence, then why are those beliefs not altered by additional evidence? And if beliefs are not formed on the basis of evidence, how are they formed? We need to understand how beliefs are formed if we are to realize the benefits of new and better understandings of the world and society.
I think it's a bit reductive to compare a question about a clinical study under controlled conditions to a question about a policy decision that itself would be affected by a multitude of other factors in something as complex as a city. If the question was "Do the numbers suggest that there is a correlation?", I would probably say yes but if it were "Does the study show that gun control reduces death?" I'd think twice. It just seems like a very simplistic takeaway. And the same qualms probably should arise in the skin cream example as well; it's just that dermatology isn't something that most people have as much familiarity with as they do with politics.
I dont even understand it
Basically fancy confirmation bias.
lmao "I don't think the numbers mean anything." @ 3:00
Smart water dude @8:34 lol
I think it would have been great to also get into how people can actually use this to manipulate you, if the people were asked specifically about the proportion no one would fall for it.
will their be an interest rate cut....an ecomics degree is a hindrance to knowing the answer it seems.
This is like mentioning "per capita" on Twitter all over
There is an issue of exposure difference between the cream and the rash explanation.   With a rash we know the total amount of rashes and how they were cured. With guns we don’t know the total number of meditated crimes. The data isn’t like for like
0:56: the group that didn't use the cream has a number of people who stayed the same, etc...I mean, assuming both groups had the same number of participants...perhaps that's something I can't assume, lol...but the table makes it look like either you improve or you get worse, like there's no other possibility...
I would go by the numbers shown, but would question the source of the numbers, if they don't match with what I think to knew beforehand. I don't like to be wrong, but I dislike staying wrong even more, which makes me research, if I asume that the numbers could be wrong, sometimes with the result that I had been wrong.
In today's internet age it is rational to ignore data as it can be fabricated and you can't trust the source or process, sadly
10:12 it is just scary, that some people don't realize that "the others" are just people like themself, they are not inherintly evil or or something, they just do what they think is best for them and their families. In doing so some forget that it can negatively effect people outside their social circles.
I have to wonder if the content affected the question not just through bias. If you come up and show me some numbers and ask me about some random unnamed skin cream, I'm going to think "Oh, this is a math test" and treat it as such. But if you came up with numbers on a delicate and controversial issue and didn't tell me they were made up, then I'm not going to look at it just like a math test, I'm going to wonder what the sources are, how the data was collected, why it can only get better or worse but not stay the same, etc. I think if you told people it was a hypothetical study from the start then the results would be at least noticeably different.  Now I'm not saying bias isn't a factor, obviously, I just think there's an unaccounted for variable in the study.
I would say that a lot of the results here depend pretty heavily on the lack of trust placed ln the presenter. One thing I've learned about statistics over the years is that you can get them to say whatever you want. Establishing trust is therefore imperative to presenting information that viewers will be skeptical of.
It's like quantum physics: the only honest data is unidentified data.  The moment the data is identified, the wave function collapses and it instantly (almost "magically") supports the perspective of the viewer.
ITS WYLIE FROM “TO SCALE” !!!!!!!! So happy you two are working together 🫶
All this study shows is that smart Americans are still dumb.
This is about personal bias, a subject unrelated to the video's title.   We are emotional beings first, rational second.  We can't think as clearly when we feel threatened, but we can react faster.
But but we are the science curious people☺️ that's why we watch you and other science YouTubers👍🏻
From what I gather, it's not necessarily politics that sway the results but preconceived notions. The participants had strong opinions about gun control but were neutral about the rash. I feel like apolitical topics that people are passionate about could yield similar results, like religion or mental health. Also, was the context in which the participants were questioned accounted for? If I were asked on the street, I'd think it's a math problem but at a political rally I might be inclined to believe the questioner wants to make a political statement.
This is why it's so hard to get people on board with gun control.  The problem is numbers matter if it's a practical issue, but in a rights issue the numbers don't matter.  And people think guns are a right, not a privilege.
Actually, there is a 2.5% probability that cream do better given the data from first table. That says Bayesian statistics if prior distribution for both groups uniform, i.e. you assume that you don't have knowledge about the subject and any probability is possible before the data. But if you have the data before new data comes then depending on prior distribution which comes from the data the outcome can be very different and it is very logical. So those who choose less possible variant given the data probably are bayesians who had their own data which tells them different story.
If you got lost after 2 minutes, don’t worry you are not alone 😂
I love math and have excellent numeracy. I love guns AND reproductive rights. I don’t fall into the red or blue party. 💜 I don’t have a tribe... here I am staring at a blank ballot on election day... *huff*
"no villianising the other side"  I think that is too idealistic unfortunately. I wish we could live in that world, but I look at things like the shape of the earth. When the "globers" argue with the "flat-earthers", it's always done so in a derogatorial way.  I really think the negativity towards flat-earthers needs to end. Regardless of if they are right or wrong, there always needs to be people challenging the status quo. Personally, I'm on the globe-model side of the argument, but I'll always be open to listening to the argument the other side has.  I believe that in science, the day we close our mind to the possibility that we are wrong (no matter how proven or founded the belief is), we are at risk of stagnating, as future breakthroughs depend on all previous assumptions being right. I know I'm probably not articulating this correctly as this is just a quick comment on a lunch break that's ending, but to hopefully give an example of what I mean, the recent issue with calculating the age of the universe - 2 different results that were always ok because there was overlap in the margins of error, but as our instruments improved, we had 2 clear different results from methods that were both proven to be sound. The underlying issue was that our assumption of a closed universe turned-out to be false.  TLDR - we should always be open to being wrong, no matter how "absurd" the other side seems.
What are the demographics of those cities?
The word choice is poor in the skin cream question. Derek makes it sound like there's an unspecified number of people in the study, and more of the cream group experienced a change in both directions. I'd object to calling any answer to that question "getting it wrong."
I really wonder if the survey participants were less likely to realize the data went against their beleifs, or just less likely to admit it. That would probably be very hard to test reliably though.
*Edit: considering the gun control numbers are presented as a total, I realized the imaginary skin cream did not have any subjects with no change.  I disagree with/misunderstand the first skin cream example. I assume there's a third number, no change, which makes the two groups as large. Assuming there's 300 in each group, it's about 2/3 in the cream group and 1/3 in the control that got better. Yes, there's also about 1/3 in the cream group but only 1/15 in the control that got worse, but that is a separate statistic, and I'd rather double my chances of getting better than double my chances of no improvement. Yes, an even larger number of no change makes these relative differences smaller but still in favor of the cream. Idk, did I miss something?
@Destiny what you figured out 👍
"Nothing is easier than self-deceit. For what each man wishes, that he also believes to be true."
4:47 but is the skin cream going real fast and real left? Son?
Tl;dr: base your opinions on fact, not an ideology.
As a Non-American, what always stood out in the US political scene is the remarkable lack of self-awareness. It's insane how many people and politicians will give their last breath defending policy or ideologies without ever taking the time to learn what those policies mean. Dems refuse to acknowledge any Rep ideas and vice versa, and half the time they're trying to achieve the same goal. A parliamentary system with multiple parties will always be much more inclusive and productive than this ridiculous 2 party nonsense.
Tangent: As someone that lived in the country, then moved to the city and is soon to move back to the country, all within a swing state, I can’t explain how confused I am personally when it comes to political tribalism. I would consider myself independent but when it comes to voting it feels almost impossible to know who to vote for if you don’t just follow party lines. I don’t have time to research all the past policies of every candidate on the ballot. Voting any shade of purple feels almost impossible in the current system.
See my first response was a question. I am naturally a very distrusting person when it comes to things presented to me at face value and I think most people should be this way as well. I do not believe flat out gun control would work in America, I mean sure it makes sense that less guns just statistically would mean less crime in that way but when you give away those rights there is a lot more that hangs in the balance than just lowering gun homicide. You need to account for the total rate of homicide including other weapons. You have to understand that limiting guns isn’t a direct limit to one’s desire to kill another. The gun didn’t kill that person the murderer did so that needs to be accounted for as well. I’m not going to pretend like issues we face in the world can be encapsulated in a slogan or a YouTube comment, people need to wake up. You don’t have to come up with the same conclusion as me but whether you are at the “right” conclusion or not is irrelevant. A country of people that don’t think issues through in their totality is a society on borrowed time. The inevitable always approaches but by understanding the intricacies not only of yourself as an individual person but the very core of your beliefs you add time to the proverbial clock. Society isn’t guaranteed success, society isn’t guaranteed safety, society isn’t guaranteed longevity and living like it is, is the quickest ticket you can find to the all too historically repeated and well known inevitable end. I implore you to question everything you “know”. You will be astounded by how many conclusions you have come to, that in the end are based on a misrepresented sound byte or clip that you never even questioned in the first place which has been added, grown and festered into an ignorant but compliant populous with a world view that serves only the purpose of those above you. Engage in introspection and quality research like your life depends on it because it always has and always will. Vive la France and God bless the United States of America 🇺🇸
If control and experimental are the same size, then we really just know that the cream is more likely to change the condition of the rash, and it changes it positively for more people than it changes it negatively.   I think I might have started fiddling with proportions if I was approached on the street. That's the first place my head went, but I'm under no pressure while watching this video so I was able to see the error fairly quickly... who knows what I would have said if a stranger approached me with a sign 😅
So this study shows everyone toes the party line except for smart republicans who are willing to change their mind with evidence.
I’m paused at :56 to make this comment. The very first thing I think when I look at these number is ‘this is about base rate fallacy’. Now let’s click play and see if I’m right.  Edit: Ok, it’s not exactly about base rate fallacy, but that is the error being made by participants with lower numeracy.
I'm somewhat amazed at how many commenters failed to get the message that tribalism is bad, instead going "My tribalism is better than yours!".  We need to start recognizing how harmful tribalistic thought is - especially to ourselves.
I would say its not the exact same question as there is an added factor of confusion on how crime both increased and decreased at the same time where rashes that part made sense as it was a number applied to specific people with differing states of rashes
Funny how a lot of people still think choices (any and all) are made based on data. Data is data, and we choose what we like.   Plenty expensive things are being bought, even though data says the cheaper option are just as good or better. Plenty health foods are being eaten even though data says, you are not getting healthier. Data is just data.
First time I am not impressed by a veritasium video.
The older I get, the harder it is for me to allow my ideology to be challenged. But I did take a rational approach to my politics when I was younger. I was raised in a conservative, Christian, Republican household. The first couple of times I votes, I voted Republican because it's how I was raised and what I thought I was supposed to do. I was raised thinking abortion was a black and white issue. That homosexuals were the root of degeneracy in America. That trans people were sexual deviants. That Democrats were evil and just doing whatever they could to be in office. I'll never forget when my dad said they did whatever they could to buy black votes. And then I went to college. I met new people outside my bubble. I learned that all of these people and these topics are way more complicated than I was lead to believe. And I began to think more critically about my politics. And the one thing I figured out is that my political upbringing clashed greatly with my religious upbringing. As a Christian, the greatest thing you can do is show love and compassion for your fellow man, be they black or white, straight or gay, cis or trans, or even a pregnant woman struggling with what will likely be the hardest decision of her life. Currently, I vote Democrat, but it's not because I wholly agree with their platforms. It's because when I hear the Republican rhetoric, I find it spits in the face of my Christian faith. And I let that be my guiding voice when it comes to politics.
This supports my thinking that the human mind is capable of believing anything it wants, regardless of data and facts (or lack there of).
Certain things should not be political footballs.
Even this will be polirizing, but thank you so much for actually showing how it works. I yearn for the time when we at least are aware of this fact and make use of it constructively.
its really interesting how people tend to criticize others more than themselves… we tend to scrutinize pilots for confirmation bias all the time because their actions immediately impact the lives of those around them. We dont think about how confirmation bias is all around us and how its reshaping society.
But... how many were in each group? Maybe the cream just stabilized the condition? Or not using it stabilized it?
If you are brought up to think a certain way and have been around others that think in that way to then have someone come to you with data and information saying their thinking is wrong they will be apprehensive, they will reject the idea because you are telling them the way they have been living is wrong and has been this hole time. But if they are shown and explore that possibility them selves they will be far more willing to accept that their way of thinking has been wrong this hole time, or at least  they wont be so firm in their thinking after said experience.
I like the idea but the worse day to make it not seem political.
My instant question: what is the sample size? how many people is in each group? from there I can calculate better for a second trial swapping the people in the groups
I think the problem with the crime example is that there is no indication that the sample size increased. In cream study, you can apply scale but in crime increase, population statistics may differ throwing curveball into the bag. I think you would agree that having 400 crimes with 600 preventions in population of 1000 is way worse than in population of a million with 100 crimes and 100 preventions. This is because first example would put you in grave danger statistically while the other is unlikely to involve you even if its less likely to prevent crime. At that point, you wager gun against total crimes rather than their corresponding statistics and that is very subjective on your beliefs of whether your rights justify additional crime increase.
Smart people who don't understand ratios??? Ok..
It's official, I am not a smarter people.
I stared at it for 3 minutes but I figured the skin creme did nothing
not really out of 298 people 223 got better out of 128 people 107 got better The numbers are set so it assists the lower control group to do better. If you were to apply on equal numbers then the percentage would be in the margin of error.
9:30 nah i actually think it's more about the fact that the numbers are just hard enough that you can't do it in your head, so putting on your political views takes up less energy so they are using that instead
2:50 What is Naseeruddin Shah doing in a Veritasium video?
This study makes no sense
this is stupid in itself because both groups have a different number of participants - and your graphics were misleading
So... you mean to tell me I should vote for Trump...???
this seem a bit evil actually, your pretending that these numbers are true statistics when your just flipping the made up results  i get the idea but making it seem like it's real feels a bit off to me
I really like this video. I feel that it was quite insightful -- But at the same time I also feel like this video might slightly be trying to miniplate me a bit. Was this whole video just a Ground News ad?  Haha
so its just clickbait?
Excellent! Note that stated numbers are always a proxy. And the proxy is almost always forgotten or hidden. Such as "reported". Works for skin cream (bias of people) as well for crimes (policies).
Veritasium has been stretching “legit bait” titles to the limit lately 😅
Well, Derek, we all waited and you still managed to evade... Kamala or Donald, Derek? Kamala or Donald...
I'd be curious about neurotypical vs ADHD/ASD results.
My take is... I suddenly feel like using á la Carte Rentals...
So I was wrong. That means I am smart wow 😳
It's almost like tests for intelligence have faulty explanations for intellligent thinking
This is very good and should become viral on social media. Maybe then more people will see a way to move forward instead of back-paddling. Great work again, congrats!
This study rather shows that both sides of political conflict in the US are similarly stupid.
May i ask, how did you measure numeracy? Did you ask each participant questions that were supposed to assess it?
The graph at 7:04 shows something fascinating and very poignant that (understandably) isn’t addressed at all in the video: republicans are MUCH more likely democrats to keep believing something incorrect despite seeing data to the contrary.  As the most extreme example, at a pretty good numeracy score of 6, a whopping 90% of republicans keep believing their own narrative is correct despite seeing data to the contrary (🤯), versus about 65% of democrats (still high but that’s 3.5x the rational folks, 10% versus 35%). So…the perfectly rational conclusion from these data? Republicans are vastly more likely to keep believing falsehoods. And, amusingly, democrats are much more likely to believe that, too…😅
The hard part about the gun control vs skin cream is there is definitely more nuance and numbers that go into a gun control problem. It's a very mukti-variate problem. Whereas the cream is a single variable being tested. As a data scientist, this question would have been a struggle for me because I would feel you aren't controlling for enough variables in the gun control one to have an actual answer.
I love the question posed at 9:00. It gets down to a much more fundamental issue. I won't comment on whether or not it's a societal issue or something more natural to humans, but it just goes to show our biases and how misinformation is especially dangerous. For that matter, I have actually changed my view on a topic that was very political. I used to be against abortion on the premise that, obviously, we don't want people to just get abortions as the sole method of terminating a pregnancy, completely ignorant to the fact it's one of the many healthcare crises we face in America. I did the research and saw the studies on how just simply having access to abortions is the much safer option; the studies show that women are going to get abortions whether they have access to it or not. It really made me think about how important it is to make it legal in the first place, and how desperate some people are to terminate their pregnancy that they will literally risk their lives.  What ultimately sold me was the comparison to other countries where abortions are completely outlawed. Other countries still suffer from the same problem--women will continue to get unsafe abortions, risking their lives--but the amount of deaths from unsafe abortions was still around the same amount proportionally (we have better access to safe equipment so it's generally lower here, but it still happens a LOT). For a first-world country like ours, why aren't we allowing people to just have safe options? That's where the ethics get to me: making it illegal is basically equivalent to forcing women to die when they have an abortion. That's not okay.
As a scientist you should Always run away from politics....
The smartest dissect their own weaknesses and factor it into their thought process. They are more 'self-aware'. This is not a common trait.
For many of the people the table is reversed. The rash worsened and rash improved collumn are swapped. I guess its a lot easier to get examples of people being wrong if you show them the wrong data
hey I got it all wrong. IM SO FUKING SMARTTTTTTTTT
I reasoned right away that not using the skin cream was better.   That doesn't make me dumber, but smarter.  As for the gun control question, the math is the math, but a smart person would examine the methodology and assumptions from which the data was derived.
7:20 it's among the most numerous people because simply the smartest people also are smart enough to know better than a statistic that's wrong so they're gonna have a very high contrast. They're not gonna be moved when they've seen tons and tons and tons and tons of evidence this study you're doing completely lax. It's just so shallow. It means nothing.
Well that's depressing
Cuts against the “educated vs uneducated” arguments certain people of certain political affiliations try to paint the other side with
6:39 because they simply know better deep down in their soul and their gut, and all that makes them human that that is the right answer and no amount of numbers how they counted or whatever regardless will ever convince us that the truth is not the truth gun control does not work
paulmartin4146 is spot on in highlighting the deep flaw in the way the data were presented (uneven populations between test and control, missing column for “unchanged”). It echoes true in so many of our policy debates, where the manner of data presentation can nudge a particular narrative. It highlights the need to avoid bias not only in our interpretation of data, but also for data producers and commutators.
Step 1: Stop condensing high dimensionality into a 1-dimensional spectrum. There is no left or right, there are tons and tons of dimensions. Stop trying to put people into 2 groups, because doing so will automatically cause polarization. On the same topic, abandon the 2 party system of the US, and introduce the European multi-party system. This already helps a lot.
6:39 because they simply know better deep down in their soul and their gut, and all that makes them human that that is the right answer and no amount of numbers how they counted or whatever regardless will ever convince us that the truth is not the truth gun control does not work
clickbait. apparently, the point of the video is that smarter people don't do worse than dumber people. they do worse than they "should have".
Wouldn’t the person use their ideology to rationalize the numbers in either scenario? Ask a question to which people can inject their beliefs and they will. I’m sure the same would have happened if you asked that question about the skin cream to people who believe natural remedies are better.
pretty depressing han
This type of research would be an interesting tool to use to estimate voting results as it may show at an aggregate level which way independents are leaning. Provided the right set of questions are asked.
This video did not convince me that the that the “wrong” answers of gun control responses (from solely the Veritasium video) weren’t just a communication error of the interviewer failing to inform the interviewee to not use prior knowledge, or just a failure of the interviwee to comprehend this (both of which might preclude the “right” or “wrong” designation of responses); miscommunication of instructions is probably less likely for the more niche study on skin cream. This makes me believe just as likely a conclusion is that people are more prone to interpret questions differently depending on whether they have conflicting prior knowledge (not a corollary to the Veritasium’s questions’ results which confirm the Yale study’s, as proper communication is necessary for a correctness designation, probably). To believe the conclusions, I’d need evidence the problem was worded well to inform the interviewee to not consider the real world (the “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse” does not do this) and probably a follow-up questionnaire of the interviewee’s understanding of the concept. I haven’t read the actual Yale study, but this might be important enough to comment on even for a summary.
I mean I feel like this is pretty common sense if you're saying what I think you're saying. Think about it, you're someone who is at an event for your political persuasion and some random guy walks up to you with a sheet talking about a partisan issue. You're most likely going to assume its someone who doesn't agree with you and is trying to prove your belief wrong.
I wonder how many people realized it wasn't a real study. The whole time I was expecting someone to question it because "crime increased" and "crime decreased" is way too vague and super suspicious.
I don't think most people with even the slightest mathematical background would care about political implications when it came to solving a purely hypothetical math problem. This study probably did not cover that relatively smaller demographic too much.
As someone who has been teaching speech and debate for almost 20 years now I can attest that the majority of people who have not studied critical theory and/or rhetoric are highly vulnerable to cognitive biases like anchoring bias. Regardless of how overwhelming the evidence is in one direction or the other, people will actively deny their better judgment in order to protect their ideological identities. That being said, I often wonder whether it would really be better to have more people like myself who can objectively detach from their own beliefs in order to make more rational decisions and I honestly don’t know. Less objectivity and rationality also means more ideological principles and people willing to defend them. Being highly objective and highly rational tends to translate to lower emotionality, the more we can strictly make judgments based on the data the less we actually care about what the data says. I may not have strong opinions about gun control or skin creams but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. In other words I think having unwavering principles, a quality a lot of people value rather highly in political candidates, requires you to be pretty irrational, and I think that’s okay…at least to a point.
8:24 🤓☝️
This thing with a gun-control in USA is so hilarious
9:13 damn 💀Derek torching those poor people
On the topic of the "data" about gun control: I think that one guy said it best. I can't see into the minds of other people, and the ability to articulate one's thoughts clearly isn't a common, but it seems to be that the question is sort of leading, at least for one side. While Republicans will often claim that gun control increases crime, the general idea is that gun ownership is an important freedom and that its importance extends beyond personal self-defense. To paraphrase what the one guy said, "maybe gun control does improve crime, but you can't just take away people's guns." On the other hand, Democrats place a very high value on safety. Their concern is very much about reducing the number of guns so that there is less crime and their homes are safer. Generally speaking, I think a lot of them would happily tell you that they would give up some freedoms for more safety. That is, one side places a lot of value on information presented in the graph, and other side doesn't but maybe hasn't fully come to realize that. And I think that's one big issue behind the political divide: we often talk around each other, failing to address the crux of the issue rather than understanding each others' viewpoints, and sometimes not fully understanding our own.
It's like you reached into my mind and pulled out what I’ve been thinking about for months, but the video is focused more on collective socio-political bias, where I’ve been seeing it in individual terms. Broadly, our biases are shaped by forces that are both psychological and biological / evolutionary. This is a kind of autopilot shaping our responses in ways that seem to be grounded in facts but which may obscure the path through curiousity to genuine understanding. The individual breakdown is a combination of at least 4 things: The mere-exposure effect (MEE), perceptual fluency (PF), psychological asymmetry (PA), and the Dunning-Kruger effect (DKE).  Derek suggests that the answers are very complex and he’s right because each bias compounds the other, but these aren't things that have collective solutions (even that phrase barely makes sense), so the only way of dealing with this is individually. The MEE and PF make us more receptive to familiar ideas simply because we’re exposed to them more often. In social or political terms, this means people often echo what’s popular, easy, or 'safe' to think, because their brains find it low-effort and comfortable because it is already known. There’s an evolutionary reason for this: novel ideas require new neural pathways, which demand more energy, making the familiar not just appealing but practical — efficient. This seems like a potential famine survival strategy from deep in our past, so it could easily also exist in other species even without language, and in other Hominins.  Then we get to PA and the DKE. Together, these biases explain the drive to overestimate our ability to understand complex issues while underestimating others. In group contexts, this manifests as overconfidence in our own views and predictions or assumptions about others. When we sometimes think we know what others will say or what they believe — these assumptions build a figurative echo chamber in our own heads. By the time someone actually speaks, we’re so confident in our assumptions and our cleverness that we often miss what they’re truly saying.  Yet, the individual paths to overcoming these biases can be drawn out. It starts with recognizing our own patterns—the way MEE and PF make us prefer what’s familiar, and the way PA and DKE trap us in a feedback loop of self-assured predictions. This awareness is the first step toward excavating a deeper layer of (what may or may not be but I can only describe as) free will. By first witnessing then disentangling from these trained, biological, and behavioral responses, we get closer to real choices instead of falling back on our brains’ default scripts.  Maybe this is linked with our potential self-domestication – latent survival traits enhanced to a point where we’ve built habits and mental shortcuts that prioritize efficiency over insight on top of our bodies' natural famine austerity measure response. And while it may have served our species (and others) well biologically, individually stepping outside of it might be the only way to break through and actually understand ourselves and others.  Thank you — there is a lot of work to be done to escape Mike Judge's prophecy of idiocracy that is in the beginning stages.
first question was easy for a dumb person like me I don't like skin cream so answer was worse
If I were shown that data, I'd want to know why the experimental group is almost three times the size of the control group. That might make me suspicious of the entire "experiment".
The graph really looks manipulated. Put someone who’s being lied to with data and being told to just trust the science in front of it, and they probably won’t believe it.  Put someone who has been trained to just take the narrative and move on in front of it and they’ll probably believe it.  Seems like faulty reasoning disregarding the reality of the situation has been used here. Obviously one side has low trust in studies we’ve been lied to with them for quite a while now.
"I don't think the numbers mean something to me" no comments
this is bad clickbait. better numeracy showed overall that they were better, even in the proposed demonstration, but that the threshold of numeracy was higher to achieve a better outcome than lower numeracy.   also the question sucks as there in not a notion of n size for both sizes to show that the events being shown were significant enough to make a judgement call. Also, the answer to all of them are: I don't know, show me the methodology of the study. in that sense, everyone was absolutely wrong, including the one that designed this "test". how I am suppose to know what rush was studied and what is the cream suppose to do. the group with placebo cream had more rushes that resolve themself, then the study is crap.  the skin cream portion was a demonstration of Dunning Kruger and negligent thoughts, after that, this video is pointless. the conclusion is right, but it was not really related to the "demonstration" of the prior content. the conclusion works because you reduce the amount of complexity in the problem making it local instead of global. the skin cream was a local problem, and showed that people ignored all relevant facts and just fixated around useless and easily forgeable numbers. the gun control portion was a better answer from people as they engage with the problem and had partial information to make a judgement call, even if wrong-er it was a better rational processing of information instead of reliance on scientism.
Politics is no different the Religion.. I’m gonna stay agnostic ❤
I did the math for the first question, saw the 3x for the cream group and the 5x for the no cream and my brain still went "yup, looks like the cream helped" so I guess I'm technically a genius
Intelligence = Logic  The gun control results go against common sense and logic, so it's not surprising that "smarter" people got it wrong.   Logic determines your critical thinking, reasoning ability which determines your rationality.   I don't understand why you're bringing in all these barely related metrics to link with rationality.   The average person is simply very prone to groupthink, it's the reason why social media dominates our society. All of these "political" leanings are unrelated to the topic at hand.   It shows our state of idiocracy and conformity to groupthink. There is a great lack of logic & critical thinking.
Very interesting video, just wanted to add: it seems to me that the two questions are not exactly the same in their implicit assumptions. When I hear "a team of scientist divided people in two groups" I find it reasonable to assume the scientists did somewhat of a good job to make similar samples, so that the difference in effects can be mainly attributed to the cream. On the contrary, when I hear the second question I don't naturally feel like the scientist created a representative sample of all cities of America and randomly separated them in two groups, one with gun control laws and another without. I therefore assume that there is a reason for these laws to be in place, be it the city's demographics, culture, history or anything... These additional factors in the second question make it so that the control group isn't really a control group anymore as it does not have the same population. It might be possible that some people can intuitively feel that difference but don't have the math baggage to put it formally. Obviously I didn't read the paper and maybe they accounted for that by formulating the question differently than in the video.
I still think I'm logical in my decision. But my decisions are based on what I hear and see (propaganda).
This reminded me of A&W's "Third-pounder" that flopped, because a large portion of customers thought it was smaller than McDonald's Quarter Pounder. It seems to me that math – even simple math – is a mystery to a lot of people, when it actually has a very solid, logical foundation.
"A study on skin cream is apolitical as it gets"? You haven't seen the discussions on sunscreen...
Was the Al la carte truck in the background purposeful?  To demonstrate two different bell curves?  Haha.
The title is quite misleading. Once a person has a belief (loosely I call it belief but it could be believing that certain scientific or political theory is true) it is natural for him or her to use her reasoning to justify the belief. When presented with the data that aligns with your belief you will obviously use it as evidence for your belief. If it doesn’t align with your belief you look for flaws in the study itself. This is not about being “smart” or being “dumb”.
interesting topic but why didn’t you show footage of a democrat getting the gun-control question answered correctly despite the incorrect intuitive answer lining up with his political beliefs? you painted four lines on your political graph (07:06) yet (if I understand correctly, pls correct me if I’m wrong) you show: a) 05:49 - an example of a numerate republican getting the correct answer according to the data on the paper. despite the “big numbers” lining up with his pre-existing beliefs he saw the logically correct answer, b) 06:45 - a republican (whom in the context of the video you was trying to paint as innumerate which he showed he wasn’t, just opinionated) who wasn’t buying the made-up data therefore despite the numbers telling him the correct answer he would argue his own politically biased viewpoint (which I count as “almost” answering correctly because he saw the mathematical nuance yet instead of going with the made up data he started argued it) c) 08:30 an example of a numerate republican participant failing to see the right answer to the hypothetical because of their pre-existing beliefs and finally d) 07:55 - a democrat failing to see the correct answer because “the big numbers” too neatly lined up to his pre-existing belief. now I’m asking again - why is there no example of a numerate democrat who doesn’t get baited by the “big number” and gives the answer?
Now we just need to determine what "facts", "truth", "stats", etc., are. Who is, who isn't a credible source of interpretations. What is science. Et cetera....
This explains political rhetoric. No logic or reasoning, it’s all emotional appeal.
I feel smarter for having it right proving I'm dumber.. wait, what?
At low numeracy, the people who got it wrong were unlucky, while at high numeracy the people who got it wrong were biased.   Having strong political inclinations has the same effect on rational behavior as actually being dumb.
Isn’t this just ratio and fractions?
Did the cream really make rashes worse, or did it improve it less than no cream ?
Research on People based on statistic, Kamal Harris, It's up to you
all this could be unconscious?  thats crazy
I wonder how different it would be in Germany, Japan, or Sweden
"The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data." Wait, what? That's it? That's all you had to say? Because EVERYONE already knew that. I'm shocked you're just finding out about this right now. News flash, but 99.99999999999999% of statistics are made up.  Beliefs are formed by experience and evidence. Not statistics, not data, EXPERIENCE and EVIDENCE. Nothing else. I don't CARE that science agrees nobody remembers facts that happened below the age of 5, because ***I*** remember Nine Eleven. And millions and MILLIONS of people born in the years 1998, 1999, or even 2000 do.  I don't CARE that science think Cosmic Rays have an extremely low chance of affecting computers, because in my OWN experiments, my OWN experience, using a sample size of 730 days, all 365 days where i did not use ECC RAM were ruined by a kernelpanic, and all 356 days where i did i didn't have to shut down my computer ONCE.  It doesn't matter that other people did not have the same result, because other people's experience != my own experience. I'm not going to waste thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars on useless equipment because other people get a stomping tantrum trying to comprehend how lucky they are compared to me, and all the people that i care about.  Making the perfect research is impossible, because the more detail you add, the more details you realize you missed. And the research becomes infinite. Nobody has time do to that. Life is short, so gather SIMPLE evidence, and stick with it. Because for all you know, your own house could have a distortion field that affects reality, and you'd be none the wiser. Nobody would be. And if you ever DO find the cause, pray god for the strength of keeping it a secret, because the instant you use that strength to tell others, nobody will believe you.
5:05 No, it's because I can protect myself and those I love. Not because someone else might protect me or my loved ones.
just do the real studies. case closed.
hey man, we need such a video in other languages as well
The trick to being smart is knowing when to play dumb.
3:03 based on her answer I thought she’s wearing a MAGA hat
Me watching this: "what is science curiosity and how do you quantity it?"
Politics make people stupid confirmed
Pretty sure I did a question like this in grade 5.
The best part about the famous number on gun deaths in the US is asking “but who shot whom?” The answer will blow your mind.
Please now apply this "clarity lens" on religions!
Veritasium - low-key calling out half of America for having "low-numeracy"... 😂
People change their minds very quickly when they encounter new information, if they think it's being presented fairly. They smell it when you're trying to trick them though.
Here is a 14 minute video that suggests math, statistics, rational thinking, whatever, can correct human behavior that is rooted in emotions/feelings. Not happening. Just my equally valid observation.
Lets AI govern us, i fear that we might appluad it in 10 years with all the emotions and divsion we have in politics all arround the world.
"I have this mental illness that makes me think that people will change their minds if I present the correct arguments with the appropriate facts" - @xxclusionary
We have to be careful about how the questions are asked here. Do people need to take the test results as facts or just as a simple question in the context of this test. I think the study is mixing up things because the nature of the questions is fictitious, but the questions are presented as facts.
The premise of this video is really weird... Looking at the numbers (no matter in which context) for me it at first looks as if there is information missing. Specifically: In a study like this (let's stay with the skin cream...) I would assume that both groups have the same size and the difference in totals comes from the third group, where the rash did not change at all. In this interpretation of the scenario there is really no correct answer. You could say that >100 additional people got better while ~50 more got worse, which still makes it a good result. But you could of course follow the narrative that Derek is proposing here with the relatives and consider it a bad thing.
I was asking for a khi2 or a fisher exact test before thinking there is any differences...
For the question about skin cream, I think it would be important to know how big the control group is vs the test group.  Some members in the trial would have shown no change, and there are probably a dozen other factors that would explain why it helped some people and not others.  Presenting data in a format like this can oversimplify the conclusion, which can be misleading and ultimately force people to fill in the missing pieces with their own preconceptions.
You can fabricate the same table with Hitler being a great guy, lets see how it goes. People just understand that you are making a political poll, and the numbers you give them are fabraicated
Didn't this experiment fail to independently replicate?  The numerous comments on this video pointing out the design limitations of this experiment probably explain why.
We, all of us, have been brainwashed in at least one of the many ways available to the launderers of brains. Reason, logic, literacy, and numeracy all fly out the window when the ideology implanted by the brainwashing kicks-in as a response to an emotional trigger, and where a pure stream emotionality is released from the conscious that is so focused on a singular opinion on a subject that is to the exclusion of further debate or consideration. Basically, we like to see what we like to see in all things because someone has tapped into our emotion for subjects in ways that override our critical thinking about them.
Smart people, I'm the nerd and I used the same reasoning as explained in the video
This video is entirely based on a study that failed to replicate.
As a non-american, I am not surprised.   For a while it's been very clear to me that reason has no effect on people's opinions about some of the most polarizing political topics. Because, when trying to justify themselves, they would use opposite reasons depending on the issue.  If your reason to be against abortion is because killing is bad, then you should also conclude that the death penalty is bad. And vice versa. A  If individual freedom really is your reason to support abortion rights, then it should also be your reason to support gun rights. And vice versa.   But no one claims like that openly.  It's all branding.
"Everyone wants to believe they are rational" is the most dangerous thing ever.  I also thought I was rational, but no. No no no no no. I know this is not how it works. I am emotional. Emotions create conclusions and then comes the reason to justify those conclusions.  And because I know this, I'm trying to be really careful with these studies in real life. And especially when the results agree with my worldview. I am very suspicious of those. I also had to unsubscribe from some political channels here on Youtube, because they just agreed with me too much.  I got the result right, btw. But that's because I watch it on this channel, so I am aware that I am supposed to think hard and look for contra-intuitive stuff.
We don’t do math in a vacuum. As with any question, we use our lived experience to influence our answer. If something is inconsistent with how we think the world works, we’re more likely to doubt the inconsistency than our world view. Most of the time this is a great way to develop knowledge but sometimes it leads us to be biased.
But what if the reason that they didn't immediately believe the study was that they weren't able to fact check in that moment and the results "felt off". I mean it was a fikticious study afterall and some of the "smarter" people may actually know real studys about those topics. therefore they don't immediately believe a study that a random guy off the street just showed them without being able to fact check it, especially if it goes against other real studys they may have seen in the past.
Wow, that video is garbage. Don't talk about what the fascists want to do, focus on some inconsequential BS. People with high numeracy scores might be aware of the troves of actual data backing their claim. I would be convinced if it would also work on a field where the conservative view is backed by true data (it will be hard to find one though)  . And we're going to ignore that fascists did overall worse?
not true. if the tested group and control group have the same amount of ppl, with those results, it means the cream in total did both improve more some ppl and worsen more some ppl too. the unaccounted ppl for in the control i would assume their condition didn't change.
I didnt understood this video,
yeah shitty wording '''crime improved' just break entire idea
6:40 I don’t know if you’re going to touch on this, but it’s fascinating because you can already see why this is the way it is. And yeah, it’s simply bias, but it seems more subconscious than that. You can see in the way these people are answering the gun control question vs the skin care question. They are rambling and trying to make sense of the data. When before it wasn’t like that. People just answered the question. You can see their brains working in overdrive to confirm their preexisting belief. I don’t think they’re going this intentionally, btw, I think we all do this when we’re set on beliefs. To an extent. Some people are more open minded and willing to change their opinions than others. But generally, we all do this. This is so cool. We need more studies on how political affiliation affects our lives and critical thinking skills. It might show the public how flawed we are and might actually bring more people together
Following on from 10:30, the USA would be a very different country were it not so bipartisan about everything.
It’s unfortunate how you failed to show examples that made liberals look like the fools this video made conservatives come out as. Is that due to bias of your own or do you mean to tell me that right-wing people have some kind of mental ”scientific deficit”?  A REALLY weird video, seen from a political perspective.
What threw me was that we're supposed to believe the experimental and control groups were different sizes when, in reality, an experiment like this should use groups of equal size. If you assume the groups were of equal size and the people not counted in the table were simply cases where there was "no change", surely you can make a case that there is a net improvement with the cream? Of course, the judgement would depend on the size of the group too, which you wouldn't know without the having the "no change" figures, so make what you will of that 🤷‍♂️
This isn't a surprise. Many, many, many studies have shown that the more intelligent you are, the more clever you become about interpreting data to fit your perceived narrative. When asking a politically loaded question, you will ALWAYS get a political answer out. Is anyone actually surprised by this?
I mean, i have literally been following your advice at the end for years, but yes, im inclined to believe i have at least some political bias. I definitely hold some feelings about the up coming presidential election and our candidates.   That said, ive supported candidates from different parties than the one i support now, and honestly, its definitely possible i switch sides again.   All things considered, if your person wins, i hope they do whats best for this country, regardless of any bias i may have.   As long as they uphold the constitution, we good. I kinda took an oath....  That said, im definitely more into local policy, and ways i can effect that.
Your own political bias is showing.  Why do you always assume the Leftist (Democrat) positions are correct? Perhaps intelligent people are smart enough to know the truth of political issues, and how they are always, ALWAYS the opposite of what the Left proclaims.  Gun control kills, AGW is a scam, the climate is not warming (the temperature data has been cooked, adjusted, manipulated, hidden, and destroyed for decades now), the seas are not rising, "green" energy is a scam and way to impoverish nations, diversity is not our strength (it is weakness and war), etc.  By the way, no study ever done has shown that "gun control" reduces crime.  Every study ever done has shown the opposite.  Just like every study ever done has shown that reducing restrictions on law-abiding citizens owning and carrying firearms reduces the crime rates.  Here's the basic fact - criminals don't obey the laws.  In fact, mass shootings are correlated with "gun free" zones, because predators go to where the prey is helpless.
The tile and presentation is misleading, maybe even missed by @Veritasium. At 7:05 we can see that smarter people do better at least 3 out of 4 groups (you can argue the dotted blue).
Loving the women that went "Math!!"
I think that numerate people recognised the 'correct' answer but found reasons to discredit the findings or say that other factors had to be considered. It might not be that they are bad at getting the answer long term, but want to bring other factors into consideration.  The winder point is still valid though. People's beliefs are rarely based on the weight of evidence, but on what they want the world to be like.
Maybe you just need to be smarter then smart people!
I do like to look at data before deciding what I think about the subject... But then again, I'm autistic so that checks out. I'm not very good at conforming either. Hate the clickbait title though, as a science educator you should know better than to make intentionally misleading headlines.
But how would I fact check myself? I am a german and right now, immigration is a focal point of discussion. I often hear people saying “immigrants have a higher criminality” and I argue that this might be a false assumption based on the fact that immigrants are on average poorer than non-immigrants and wealth might be a better indicator for crime. But that is exactly the kind or reasoning I hear from these people in the video! They are assuming additional facts that support their own opinion instead of perhaps changing their view point. Of course I could now research studies on wealth-crime relation and wealth-immigrant relation but in a lot of cases valuable data is hard to find and I don’t know how I could prove myself wrong then…
Yayyyy, my degree in psychology (which is mostly tested on questions like this) finally pays off
There is always bias, but recognizing the bias is the first step
Most people don't even know what a belief even is. If you have them define what the word "belief" is they will fail. People don't even understand that the word "belief" in English is not the same as the same word in other languages.  The English "belief" comes from the Germanic Gelaubon that means, holding something dear to ones heart.  Where in Greek it comes from the Greek Peitho that just means "to be convinced".  So in English science is not a belief. But in Greek science is a belief, since you should be convinced that science works.  The biggest issue that we as Humanity are facing right now, is that most people are still very religious and they fall victims of logical fallacies. Instead of teaching atheism in schools (AS WE SHOULD) in some countries religion is still taught in schools.  But the opposite should happen. Kids from young age should be given the weapons and shields to arm their minds with the necessary tools to identify logical fallacies and eradicate religions.  You might think that religion has nothing to do with republicans or democrats or any group. But it does shape a mind that's unable to think without fallacies.
Everyone thinks they are the exception except for you
please stop peddling the colonial definition of smart or intelligence. Over thousands of years, humans have created these systems that restrict thought. There's no such thing as good or bad people. there's no such thing as smart or dumb people. There are only people. The sooner we all realize we are just people and empathize with each other, the easier it is to fight "divide and conquer."  ask yourself, who benefits when we fight each other?
Guy published a click-bait article that inspired a click-bait video (smart people don't do worse, they do exactly THE SAME!!) I think the only one who's intelligence is at question here is Mr. Kahan.   Some skin cream we're never heard of, and gun control, an issue we all think we're experts on, are NOT comparable questions. The reason literacy isn't improving scores is because you are showing one piece of evidence to people who already have a lot that say you're wrong (real or not doesn't matter).   That's not even to present the alternative conclusion: that people with high math intelligence are primed to see the world as a math problem, unless primed by something like politics not to. See the lady at 3:02 for how people should ACTUALLY be answering the skin care problem.
You don't want to be that guy "well actually data shows weekends hurt productivity if you just keep the overall pay the same, more hours same money" because no one wants to hear facts (that is made up). I tend to have poor social skills though and I definitely state some of those facts. But yeah I agree with the conclusion, the illusion of rationality that comes from a biased view on data.
Do Trump voters subscribe to science channels like this? Probably not...
every day we find more and more evidence of karl marx and the fundamental evidence of communism being humanity's path forward
For more awesome psychology stuff, check out Sheldon Solomon's book "worm at the core". Tribalism is so interesting. Good little piece V❤
this video convince me that democracy is a mistake.
Im already thinking of how to prove you wrong but your words were chosen very carefully 🫥
So, I have a question  If the control groups were the exact same size, in the first example of the cream: Didnt the cream make it better, but with a higher potential of making it worse as well?   In the non-cream use side, simply more people had a neutral response meaning: Not better or worse.  In the cream use side, more people had a positive response, but in comparison also more people got worse meaning the cream was not for them.
While I agree on most points made by this video. One fundamental problem bothers me. In the skin cream example there is sufficient likelyhood that it is the only parameter that can affect the result (rash getting better or worsening), however with gun control and crime the link would not always be that clear. I would say that many other policies could affect the result as well if the data was taken from real life. That would be enough to increase the divide of the result intepretation between political groups, in my opinion. It would have been interesting to ask this question to the individuals in the group and then "reveal" that it was actually a trick question and ask them if that would make them flip their opinion to the other side. If they say no - "gun control still increased/reduced crime", maybe that would make them think that their opinion is actually not based on concrete data
Personally i blame social media algorithms in comments sections.. It's always the idiotic comment at the top, and some people think that makes it scientifically viable.
2:50 wait, is that Dave Jacobs? The superhuman athlete?
A clever way to assess the merits of two opposing ideas is to diligently explore both from each perspective, to have a war of ideas…which can be conducted in discussion or some sort of comparative competition…but without a theater of fervent opposition, any assessment of the ideas could be incomplete…like in sports, practice is often played with teammates pretending to be defenders. The problem is many have forgotten it was ‘theater’ designed to help the entire country make the best decisions…instead we were so convinced by the actors/players we chose sides and forgot we were all actually on the same team…we have forgotten the goal of this political two-party “practice” was to improve our performance so we can take our healthy team and our practiced plays into real competition against real opposition and win. The best ideas should be allowed to destroy the worse in the battlefield of discourse. If we let our biases influence our diligence, we only end up harming the performance of our team within the global ‘playing field.’
It is very difficult for modern people to actually just consider the facts and let those lead us. I'm not a formally educated person, myself, so I dont have a ton of literature to fall back on as to why...but, as a layman, I have a pretty good idea.  The number of people in the US, and other western nations, that will allow themselves to be bored for even a few moments is staggeringly low.. and I find boredom to be an important thing.  When you allow yourself boredom, you allow yourself time to think. Time to mull over ideas of self or civilization.  I was raised Democrat, and in my youth voted as such almost religiously. Passive/Default Liberal, as it were.  Then I became homeless. No video games, no tv, no computer time - just time to think, and lots of it.  Today I don't identify with any party, I research, think, and vote based on maximum freedom. And damn, that requires a LOT of thinking with the candidates we keep getting.
Politics and religion make people stupid. Nothing new under the sun 😂
Contention skews numeracy...
I feel clickbaited, very dissapointed to see the title of the video does not reflect the contents of the video very well.   The study results clearly show that 'Smarter' people do equally well as those who are less 'smart'. Saying 'smart people do worse' is a very misleading interpretation.  The only reason the effect of tribalism is bigger on participants with a higher score is because it is supressing the ability that allowed them to outperform lower scorers to begin with. The negative effect of the tribalism is only greater for those who score higher because they had the potential to accurately answer the question in the first place. The decrease in their performance is higher, thus you could argue they 'do worse', but only because people with lower scores had already plateaued.
Veritasium's suncream question is flawed. The only 2 outcomes shown are Rash Improved and Rash Worsened, but these aren't the only possible outcomes, there is also a no change outcome. The reason I got it wrong is because I (wrongly) assumed the two groups were of equal size, and that the no sun cream group was having lots of no change outcomes.which weren't listed.
I dont understand, can anyone explain?😅
I think the major issue here is that the more intelligent the individual, the better they will be at convincing others _and themselves_ of what they believe in, especially on a matter that is polarized based on a person's values which are only justified by logic post-hoc. It's already incredibly difficult to train yourself to approach a question as if you were an unbiased scientist attempting to interpret the data, so throwing in factors that are heavily influenced by emotion and cultural osmosis would tilt the desire to the default belief you've convinced yourself of many times in the past.  Knowing this does indeed help you to understand that we are all humans and utilize the same tools in order to think, but I can't be optimistic that simply recognizing that will resolve polarization issues that arise from adherence to values. A person does not rationally think their way into the values that the believe in, so polarization that results from disagreements about the inherently emotional are going to be inevitable and actions taken by polarized individuals can get very nasty. I believe the best we can do is mediate where possible, but also recognize that disagreements on fundamental values are going to happen, and as such people will consider their values or cultures to be superior in one way or another to a different set of values or cultures.
The smarter you are, the better the means of fooling yourself.
So, the feelings don't care about your facts? Like, I get it, but the issue isn't with fictitious studies where you can just swap the numbers around. Climate change _is_ man-made; having more guns around _does_ increase the rate of violent crime; banning abortion _doesn't_ lead to fewer abortions but _does_ lead to more pregnant women dying. People politicize facts when the facts point to the inconvenient truth of a solution that doesn't fit their ideology. If you're focusing on flood mitigation because politics have gotten to the point where you're not allowed to talk about climate change, you're not addressing the actual problem. If you give guns to teachers to stop school shooters because you can't say that it's far too easy to get a gun in the US, _you're not addressing the actual problem._ If you allow easier adoption for unwanted children because you can't talk about abortion or proper sexual education _you're not addressing the problem!_ In each of these cases, focusing on "practical, non-partisan" measures rather than depoliticizing a _factual_ issue, you're letting more people die. It's immoral to avoid calling people out who're spreading dangerous lies and tribalism so they don't have to admit they don't have a solution to a problem, in the name of "building consensus".
I find it interesting that you can see from the results that political bias has a much stronger effect on republicans than democrats.
So am I stupid or is it just because I keep doubting myself and check a lot
Smart people doing worse = interesting title; confirmation bias = boring title 😂😂
"...it was kinda scary because they sounded just like my side".
There is no right answer for the wrong question
How do you measure science comprehension & science curiosity?
Smart is a relative term made absolute by idiots
I feel that the question has been communicated in an intentionally misleading manner, which is why Veritasium can write titles like such. The problem is with the question, “Does the cream make the rash better?” This is clearly a yes, as 223 is greater than 75. But the conclusion should be that the placebo also improves the rashes, and they do so better. But that does not deny the fact that the skin cream itself also improves rashes. Veritasium, consider rephrasing the question, such as, “Does the skin cream improves rashes relative to no skin cream?” My takeaway from this is that when we say something is better, we have to say what it is compared to. In this case, the correct relative should be the no skin cream, but the question hints that it is relative to before the skin cream was given.
The graphics at 5:42 said "Crime increased" "Crime decreased". Then a few seconds later, Mr RedCap, is having to decipher "Crime improved" , "Crime worsened". Green arrow, pointing up = less. Red arrow, pointing down = more.  "Increased" is simple. "Improved" is willfully misleading.
Ok, when did the smart people give the wrong answer?  Adding emotion or something as personal as political identity  interferes with reasoning. Of course.  Assuming the message is both sides need to listen and be less polarised. And factoring in that I Think Trump is a danger to the world, as I don't think Kamala is amazing yet far more qualified. If I objectively try and look at Trump statements clear eyed with science over feelings, how do I get past:  Cats and dogs really being eaten in Ohio. How come Candidates know more than local authorities and other than a Mistaken, mislead woman who retracted her statement, there is no evidence. As there is no evidence: Omama is not American, The 2020 election was stolen, The 54 judges and jury's hailing from both parties lied about the results of the election- trials. Fluorine in water is bad for you. Other countries pay Tariffs. 27 women were lying about assault from Ex-president also the jury and judge in the civil case that found him guilty of raped were wrong and conspiring against Trump. And Stormy Daniels was lying, strangely Michael Cohen paid her off out of his own pocket without any direction from Donald Trump, faked recordings about it and also decided to plead guilty to election interference and serve time just to make Donald look bad. A battery in the ocean can electrify you, magnets don't work when wet. Democrats are banning windows, kitchen appliances and cows. Post birth abortions are taking place. God Spared Trump and killed his supporter instead. Injecting bleach is a way to fight viral infection, as is UV light underneath your skin, If you don't fight like hell you won't have a country anymore. Three military decorated generals have warned he has aspirations to be a dictator as he confessed to and denied about wanting. We all have more examples of easily provable lies from Donald and MAGA, they have harmed, destroyed or killed people with this disinformation and offended it all without evidence.  Why, on election day would you(Veritas) suggest both sides need to listen? If there is any lesson in this election it is to be more critical in your thinking about information and to be weary of sources with obvious agendas and a history of lies.  Poor job by Veratasium.
I know nothing about politics
I got an A* in A level mathematics and despite that I got the first one wrong as I only compared their differences and over complicating it instead of just looking at their proportionalities.
Even just the basic premise of this just confuses me. How can anyone form an opinion, or even try and interpret data, when it's just four numbers and no extra information. I wouldn't be able to come to any sort of conclusions, or extrapolate anything from that and it surprises me that more people didn't react similarly. I wouldn't be able to form an opinion or even talk about a subject like that until I knew a heck of a lot more about what it was, and for that I'd want to dig through the actual data and look at sources and the like. Forming an opinion on the fly based on feelings just doesn't make any sense to me, and so this whole video just ends up being confusing to me as a whole. I get that it's how most peoples minds work, but it's just so baffling to me. I also get that it's part of the question, maybe it's "assume this study is founded on true and correct data, now tell me how you interpret these numbers" but even then I just can't imagine trying to come up with any sort of answer without a lot more information. If someone hands me a legitimately well researched set of data points that prove something I believe is wrong, I just switch my view point and start trying to find and absorb as much information as I can about what's actually correct. Or like if I'm talking about something and someone questions it in a conversation, I'll go dig a bit and see if what I was talking about is actually the way I think it is or not, and adjust my views accordingly. I know it probably stems from Asperger's, and a general lack of more tribalistic instincts, but it's interesting to think about. I've never cared who is right about something, just that information is right. If I'm wrong great, I'll update. If you're wrong, I hope you'll listen to why you might want to shift your perspective.
The questions were trivially simple. Nothing about this was surprising. Half the nation did not see that Biden was senile, are enjoying the wars around the globe, and could not care less that no one knows who is leading the country, and just accept Kamala's coup against Biden.
numeracy is not the cause, but rather numeracy is a proxy for cost-to-betraying-tribe  If you have high numeracy, you probably enjoy higher status in your tribe... but your tribe will likely demote you if you even consider a counter narrative that questions the superiority/ righteousness of your tribe (e.g. Lynne Cheney or Bernie Sanders)  the backstabbing & ostracizing is never far for those who go off the beaten path (e.g. cancel culture)
Has this been studied in more countries?  It seems to me as an outsider than in the US, politics has become very tribal, almost religious.  Most people have ideological leaning in some way, but the US style system isn't reflective of the whole world.
I think you should also point out the correlation between numeracy ad politics. May be that conservative have lower numeracy? Otherwise, can people become conservative because their numeracy is not good?
Can't this be justified by the people simply having other data already in their head?  If I present data about an unknown cream the partecipant will know only what I tell him.    If I present data about something that the partecipant is already familiar with and about which has internalized already a lot of data his judgement will be based on the whole amount of data he has available.  A bit like, if the cream was made by a mixture of uranium, anthrax and mercury, when presented with the rash increased rash decreased graph, the high numeracy people will be wary of believing it and will make up other justifications in their minds based on how they already know that putting anthrax on your skin isnt a smart thing to do
8:30 guy is such a nerd
Politics makes you stupider no matter what
Here is the only problem that I see with his conclusion as it relates to me.  I grew up in a state with an extreme political bias different from mine. It would have been much easier for me to agree with my family and friends, but I decided to look into things on my own and make my own decisions.
its always: the smarter you are the harder are simple stuff because you overcomplicate it. Simple as that.
Assuming the same amount of people was in the control group and the experimental group (lets call it x, x >=298). IF there are people whose rashes didn't improve, or worsen at all, then x should be larger or equal to 299. Then, the percentage of people whose rashes improved in the experimental group is 223/x * 100% <= 223/299 *100% = 74.582%. If we do the same for the control group, it would be 107/x * 100% <= 107/299 = 35.786%. Additionally: 223/x > 107/x. Therefore, as x decreases, the percentage of people whose rashes improved in the experimental group actually is ALWAYS HIGHER than the control group. IF there aren't people whose rashes didn't improve, or worsen at all, then 223 + 75 = 107 + 21, contradiction. If the the groups were divided unequally, and the experimental group got more people, then what is even the point of the comparison? We know that the average stabilizes with the increasing of the testing. Because the number 138 is so inferior to the number 298, the chances of random things happening increases. Studies like these are designed to get the most accurate numbers possible, not to trick dumb people. Its like saying that 1 out the 7 books written by this guy is bad, and another guy that has 3 out of 20 books written by him that are bad, and then saying that the second  guy is the worse writer, that is just not true, because the rest of the books are great books, and the second guy wrote worse because he has a lower percentage of bestsellers. No. These comparisons of "proportional reasoning" should only be applied when the pools are equal. So the first question is just a trick question to make dumb people feel better about themselves. I don't really care if they are conducted by professionals, if they're just wrong, they're wrong.
respondí bien, eso me hace boludo?
By "smarter" it means "not the dumbest".
The (a) problem is that you're ignoring the need for multi-factor analysis in complex problems.
Banger video I am curious if this research has the same results in different areas of the world or if it is partially affected (increased/decreased) by culture I always feel like to Americans (in general) it is much more important to be part of a tribe compared to the people around me.  But for sure I may have a blind spot and be biased.
Veri-good
Since I have a background in clinical trials and experimental design, I got fixated on why the groups weren't equal size (since the people or cities were supposed to be assigned randomly, why would you end up with two different sized groups?). I would have just ended up questioning why the research problem was trying to fool me. Does that make me more or less rational?
I got worse as the answer and compared the difference in ratios 3:1 with vs 5:1 without.  Stopped video at 0:55 before hearing rest and instantly used ratios as it seemed intuitive to compare. I am a software engineer, profession likely has an effect. The political connection is scary, how stupid can people be to use politics to override simple comparisions?  You see it way too much with right wingers they practically celebrate ignorance.  For the gun question, how many dems vs repubs accepted the truth when the truth was explained.  This would be a more important metric to graph.  Who refuses facts once facts are explained to them vs who accepts reality.
So, politics makes smart people dumber, and dumb people smarter.
You're starting to sound like the Strongtowns folks.
The vsauce video, the future of reasoning, is such a good followup to this one.
The entire argument that making guns illegal lowers crime ignores one glaring fact.  Criminals don't obey the law.  For this one simple fact, I immediately ignore anyone who uses the crime argument, since it's obvious they lack critical reasoning and are likely operating purely on ideology.
Why the thumbnail look like rowan from viva la dirt league
So in other words bias influences your ability to reason.
You've done better videos... obviously people take into account their prior believes and experiences when answering a question. I am still trying to work out if you deliberately gave this video a misleading title that is not what the video is about. Hope my feedback didn't offend to you, you have done wonderful content, and hope to see more.
You know what they say: "If you open your mind too much, your brain will fall out."  If you understand that quote,... you'd think that if you don't open your mind, you'll be the most rational person in the world.  But, uhm,..
Derek just broke down propaganda and statistic manipulations 🎉
I got this correct hooray
10:19 as if the two sides are truely sided in US political lol
how'd this get political
I guess the answer is that people with strong political opinions and high numeracy skills are accustomed to ignoring the numbers when they don't say what they wanted them to say. It's telling the amount of 'explaining' and 'excusing' going on. I presume it was made clear that the studies were fictitious, right? But everyone shown on screen was acting as if they were real.
Ah bro had us in the first half not gonna lie. Also you all acting like how to fix this divide is some big mystery - there is a lot of money in fear.
This study doesn’t replicate so ignore everything you thought you learned from this video… See “A preregistered replication of motivated numeracy”
Would n't it be interesting to study this effect in a society where there is no two party system? The 'congres' in The Netherlands has 16 political party's....
I still don't get. Mathematics does not discriminate! How can you be stupid enough to say guns legal will worsen crime more than guns illegal according to the fictitious study as proposed in the video. 223/290 = approx. 75% crime improved whereas 107/128 = approx. 83% crime improved. So obviously, crime improved by a greater proportion with guns being illegal. It's plain and simple math!
The real conclusion is that the brainwashing is working well on all groups, but spectacularly well on those of higher social strata, where it really matters.
I understood nothing
Yeah this research was bogus and not replicated.  Entire video on fake news.
Without stating what side I'm on... A question I've always had was how are some people that are obviously extremely smart believing something I know as a fact is wrong. I could be wrong about that fact but I say that because we all must have felt this regardless of which tribe we're in. Then I stumbled upon a theory that makes perfect sense. All humans rationalize. Every one of us. We rationalize our bad behaviors and ideas. (Hopefully you're aware of that.) High intelligence people ARE EVEN BETTER than most people at that rationalization. They can rationalize even the most outrageous things if it fits in with their world view. Something to keep in mind. And something to monitor in oneself.
What's not discussed in this video is the difference of how much human can have to the effect of both topics. In example a creme has an effect or does not. While with guns, humans nature and a conflict is introduced as an additional variable. So if the data is shown, people try to make sense of. With the creme, most people do not understand how it works in detail and its a black box. Therefore math is the only thing that matters.
One of the best videos you have done. I was floored. Wow
I think the problem is that this study took a fictional thing and asked people that dont know anything about it (because it is made up) then people will be logical. But then you present to people something that they know about, they are going to think exactly what they know to be true. So I ask, of these people how many of them even when interpreting wrong the numbers, is actually right about gun control?
Thank you for all your work and this video in particular. Stellar job
The vid's confusing me because you flip the tables at one point and say that the 75 people IMPROVING from the skin cream is BETTER xD how would that make sense if only 25 percent of people suddenly improved from the cream? Am I stupid or something? xD I feel like there's something off here.
In short people will sacrifice everything including their brain cells for their beliefs
wai-  does crime improved mean the crime rate got high or did the crime rate got low lmao??? crime worsened means the crime got decreased ??? I didn't get the grammar and its kinda like an oxymoron for the gun crime thingy I get the skin care thing
Now what if it is reversed: instead of you are supporting a certain policy because you are a part of a certain party, you instead be a part of a party because their policy alligns with your ideal.  If anything, this experiment would proof which community is more honest towards a certain set of data.
veritasium, what you just presented is exactly what you fall under when it comes to evolution. the political and religious connotations associated with evolution leads many to believe in it even though the evidence objectively speaking is not whats it painted to be. look into it youre a smart guy.
Too opportunistic for my taste.
This wasn’t a study about a person’s ability to use proportional reasoning compared to how smart they are, it’s a survey of who knows what a control group is. The data shows people apparently do understand, and don’t trust the question. Didn’t you post a video about how most published studies are either garbage or boring? I’m not surprised at these responses.   Who gets to determine what the truth is? If corruption is guaranteed at any percentage above zero, can we blindly lead society with flawed data? “This study shows we must take your rights away” doesn’t sound like a world anyone wants to live in.
As a Non American  i looked at the Data on the guns... im indifferent  to either view
I don’t agree with the title of this video. 😢
7:00 I feel like we could make the same table on the test scores, numeracy vs no numeracy, or politics vs no politics, for meta effect.
Humans are not logical beings, what a shocker
I would argue that this study is inherently flawed. By asking the question while using the political terms, any rational participant would immediately start questioning the motives of the question asker, and not knowing enough details to trust the question, tend to default back to their previously held beliefs. (Note what the guy @8:24 says… he would need to dig into the sources before answering… and when told the numbers are fake he still dodges giving a solid answer yes or no.).  Not saying the video is wrong, but saying there are confounding factors here that makes the social experiment shown pretty weak evidence.
Does it not also reflect the relative trust in medical studies vs "political" studies? When in doubt people fall back on their prejudices.
Isn't the "Gun Control" one a bit of a bad pick for this kind of study? There are a lot more sociological factors that will influence this kind of study. If we take away the single firearm in a Town it's might not reduce gun deaths, while taking half of the guns away in a 5000 firearm city might decrease it by a lot.
Confirmation bias FTW!
So what you're saying is that smarter people are more likely to realize that complex situations aren't perfectly explained by extremely manipulable statistics?
The video arrives at a good but biased conclusion (ironical, right ?). Not all data/facts are created equally.  What they skipped is that: people have realized that evidence/data for political matters are also politized.   So they try intuitively to factor this into any question that is political. So, sometimes they don't look into the numbers because the "facts/data" can be cherry-picked for either political side. Therefore, they use their own logic as basis.
Confirmation that bias exist but scientifically? You might hate on something but its good for you, likewise you might love something but its bad for you, type of thing?
The subtle / underlying but extremely powerful message of this videos is amazing
Political beliefs are a priori  Data is useless
Ok, this "experiment" isn't actually what it says it is. Participants you show didn't "get the answer wrong" they challenged the study. By making it a political subject you already gave them a lot more info about the topic than the original scenario, and if they did any prior research, it would probably be meaning more to them then your random numbers you show them on the street. That doesn't show anything...
Proving political party participation  is stupid as hell 😂😂😂 brainwashed much 😂
I'll admit that I am going to give much much more scrutiny to examining data that disagrees with my instinctual view on a subject. This has definitely served me well because the studies that are conservative leaning in their narrative and findings are almost always riddled with flaws, bad data, assumptions based on prejudice and just outright ignoring logic when arriving at a conclusion. e.g. The Cass Review which is a repugnant piece of trash that was manufactured by bigots to serve the purpose of a political party of bigots.
Cream has more rash improved than rash declined. Cream does improve the rash but it slows down how it improves.
Wow. I can't believe how stupid people are. If you think you're "smart" but you got these questions wrong, you're not smart, people lied to you. Sorry
When you have a “preference” then if there is any chance to see the numbers in a way that  justify you, you will find it.
Damn, this video just brought a brand new unexplored part of my subconscious to my conscious mind, I'm SO grateful for this channel.
How do you measure science curiosity independently of science comprehension?
i got most answers correct yessssssssssss
I got it right. Now either I’m 0-1 or a 9 on the numeracy score 😂
Will it increase or decrease  Me: Creases
Everybody in the comments is like "oh that's awful they didn't even engage with the gun control numbers table".  My reaction was that the people dismissed a table of fake data from a stranger, rather than allow it to affect their opinions and decisionmaking, which actually was the correct choice to make.
Got the wrong answer, also got confused watching the rest of the video.
I dont know whether to feel good because I'm answering these wrong, or should I feel bad for answering them wrong
This is great... in a vacuum. But in the real world, we KNOW that gun control reduces gun violence.  We KNOW that climate change is real and needs to be dealt with immediately.  We KNOW that readily available access to abortion leads to better health outcomes across the board.  We KNOW that giving homeless people homes leads to extremely low recidivism levels.  We KNOW that rehabilitation has better outcomes than the endless vicious cycle of the prison industrial complex.  We KNOW that imperialism and war-mongering are bad and result in millions of senseless deaths that only benefit the rich.   Talking about these things as if they are secondary to the *_feelings of the people who we need to convince they are true_* is... embarrassing, frankly. The crowd that loves chanting about how "facts don't care about your feelings" need to suck it up and come to grips with reality. Any other stance is capitulating to those who stand in the way of not just our progress, but potentially our very survival.   I will not be party to complacency over action.
This entire video is called - Confirmation Bias.
(Because these are usually trick questions) My mind jumped to thinking the unequal sample size and the sample being quite small was an issue.
It is simply astonishing that in the lower half, people did worse than random guesses regardless of circumstances.  Also the title is misleading.
Interestingly, or not I guess, when Brexit was first brought up here in the UK, I didn't really have an opinion, nor in many ways a political leaning either. I said to myself "I'm open to either option, lets look at the facts". But quickly found that throughout the entire process there were no facts being presented, almost as if no research had been done and as I didn't have any real issue with how things were at the time I then weighed up the risk "if we stay in the EU, we can hold another referendum at a later date, but if we leave the EU we'll not manage to reenter the EU with as good a "deal" as we currently have"  But the tribalism was rife on social media, I saw groups of friends implode with different political views - where politics hadn't ever really been a topic of conversation, suddenly there was a divide that people tended to feel strongly about one way or another. People I held in high esteem and had a lot of respect for, suddenly turned into horrible people, insulting how people were brought up and what not.  All the while, I sat there thinking "how is this British public being allowed to vote on something so important when no facts are present?"  I strongly felt that rather than a Referendum, it should have been an opinion vote, and if the British public voted with an interest to leave the EU, then go and find out what that deal would be, present the facts and let the vote of importance be based on that - but as you explained, tribalism often outweighs facts.
Confirmation bias comes in all walks of intelligence.
My issue with the opening question was there feels to be not enough information xP Like how many people are in each group starting in total ? Are the people that wasn’t mentioned who’s rashes that neither improved or worsen ? Is the question about weighing the risk and benefit or is just a binary comparison to the most likely result ?
It's not scientifically accurate to substitute gun crime with skin cream. Reducing 223-75 = 148 whereas reducing 107-21 = 86. Given that some of these crimes could be murder whereas the worst thing that can happen to a rash is it gets worse (not comparible). So more murders could be prevented in an absolute sense in the gun question.
It turns out that smarter people still do better than dumber people. Smarter people do worse than they are expected to be. LOL
Sampling here is flawed. In a politically charged environment, it is nearly impossible to make people rationally and carefully look at any data, especially one which requires people to consider it beyond a glance. This is in fact what you observe in the video as well- when asked about the unambiguous skin cream, people typically seem to regard the presented data more carefully. They are in the very least looking at the numbers. When asked about political questions, no one seems to,s to look at the data more than a glance. The general distrust of the information is very evident, and when people distrust data, they go by their own belief system, partisan issues or not.
Skewed - ‘increases’ is numerical. ‘Improves’ is not numerical. Therefore the data will be skewed when looked at at face value by random passers-by
My issue is most of my tribe is left, I used to be too actually. But the left has become a totalitarian tightrope where you have to agree to with every radical progressive idea, even when they are evil, totalitarian, racist and anti-scientific. I feel most of my friends just do the "rational" heard mentality thing and agrees with the group unquestioningly. But I just can't, so I became a "secret" nationalist, conservative liberal. Lol.
I have a strong feeling that I would have got it right even on the political biased question. But there are two things to be considered: - I have an IQ of 128 and the graph shows that there is an increase in accuracy at the very high end of numeracy - I am quite apolitical. Obviously I have my beliefs, but in general, I dont not consider myself neither right or left However I am going to be humble and say that I cannot really tell I would be imune to bias if tested for real. *Who else feels the same?*
This video could get so much more views with a different title. But I guess, the target group is the smart people?
09:13 goes hard
NGL, listened to this in the background and my takeaway is "Here's another example of how numbers and statistics can be used to lie and misrepresent a topic and why it works on people and here's how to try and avoid it."
Wow, i always thought i was above qverage in intelligence but i guess i was wrong since i thought "bigger number with creme and overall better results without it".
Great episode, great timing ❤️💚🤍
So getting the question right means youre either really smart or really dumb
Already the first question is flawed. What study has more people in one group over the other? Why are there only 129 people using the no cream and 298 people using the new cream?
UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA????? Let’s gooooooo
So faith clouds you rationality ?
11:06 and ground news will help you blah blah blah.. i so expected him to say that
"Crime Worsend, Crime Improved" I'm not a native speaker, but this sounds confusing.
great video!
Heh. Dwfttw was the same way. Smarter people don't believe it
where are the smart people if only americans are involved?
I used to do a dumb statistics joke back in 2006 based on official UK Department of Transport car accident figures from 2000.  It went something like this. 20% of car accidents involved excessive speed.  Which means that 80% of car accidents had appropriate speed. 20% of car accidents involved somebody who was over the blood alcohol limit.  Therefore, 80% of car accidents were caused by sober people. My conclusion?  Drive at 100mph while drunk is safest.
Prolem is mostly you do not even get exact numbers...or they are presented as correlation that implies causation, which is false.
This is a difficult video for me
Smarter people didn't actually do worse, there was just no effect of numericity on getting the question right. That is a huge difference, I can't believe you got that wrong
My sister got struck at a rally, hard enough to get a contusion. She immediately called me, cursing out the candidate I voted for, saying it was my people. Which didn't make sense because the horse I'm betting on is probably going to win our state. Watching the reports of that rally, not one of them said anything about the disruption being caused by supporters of my candidate, despite it being said about those who were ,kinda peacefully, protesting outside the venue. Upon further investigation by my sister, she discovered it was someone from an antisemitic pro-hamas group. Most, if not all, who think the Palestinians attacking Israel was justified are supporters of her candidate. As are a majority of those in the media are.  It seems as though there was active suppression of that bit of information. It was heavily implied in the media that the disruptions inside the venue were caused by supporters of my candidate. Those in the media know that with a well constructed story, coupled with strongly biased viewers/readers, the people will receive the story in a light that will conform to their views.
The question is wrong. The question should be does skin cream improve the skin relative to no cream.
Isn’t this just an example of cognitive bias?
To be honest, people not being able to understand simple facts when they contact their political believes is absolutely terrifying
Not quite. If you hold a belief you think is rational THAT counts as evidence. People juat factor in what they know, which happens to work poorly with this kind of data analysis.
Skin cream is just a data, but gun is not just data. Its personal. Same as stricter law for pedos. You cant just justify based on data.
Showing numbers instead of percentages implies that there is a third unchanged class of samples. That's the first question to ask. Not the case? Alright, percentages then. It's not for no reason that we use FP, TP, FN, TP _rates_ instead of flat numbers in studies. Publishing flat numbers which implies all manner of things while the actual information being conveyed is rates, is essentially being dishonest
Yeah, gun control not an experiment, so can't draw casual claims without accounting for confounds.
I suppose the same can be applied to religious views
Because studies and calculations can be made from the wrong starting point. It doesn't work the same way in the question of carrying a gun as it does in calculating the results of using cream. If you do the study the same way, you're wrong from the start. And when smarter people answer based on more than just numbers, they're right.
Politics is basically taking something that might have data to pick the correct thing (but often doesn't), but ostensibly has a 50/50 choice (thus the world's dumbest person could guess the same answer as the world's smartest whilst 2 smart people could disagree), and making people not only pick a choice but become completely emotionally invested in that choice. As a result you've entirely eliminated intelligence as an advantage in politics - which, of course makes perfect sense because, if politics were like maths where you need to be smarter to get the right answer well then all the dumb people and average people would have to cede power to intelligent people - they aren't that dumb though - and you can see if you know someone who is smart and they're picking B when the answer is A because of their political beliefs how people of average intelligence control smart people politically.  Of course the end result of all of these 50/50 choices is generally the same as the random choice. On most political questions the population is pretty much bifurcated and it's only the tiny margin of difference that determines political outcomes - e.g the obvious example of that today is who will become the next President - it's more or less 50/50 but someone will be a tiny margin ahead.
While I get what you were going for with this video, I don't think you handled the interviews as well as you usually do. Of course you can't expect to go to a political rally, show people numbers that disagree with their sentiment (which remember if they have high numeracy, they are more likely to have done their own research) without sources and expect them to deal with it as if it's a math problem.   Now it would be a different story if this is how you presented it from the start. Whether it would work to actually relate numeracy with political beliefs is a different question, but it would at least be a start.
Meanwhile I was just taking a long time to process the question to begin with. "Rash improved", is that good or bad? Might be because English is not my native language, but I had a hard time understanding the data :')
What a great research design if it weren't already blindingly obvious that political leaning influences the way people interpret statistics. 😂
Zionists and Politicians are repulsive. 🤮🤮🤮
I genuinley apreciated the message of this video. You carefully avoided the politicall shill while providing real, interesting research and a message that has me thinking about how i can help people in my circle come back to a middle ground politically and think more carefully about what I let influence my thinking. Thank you.
If they really were smart it they'd get it right study is trash.
I don't really care about the proportion of people who got worse to better. It is viable that a skin cream that works could also come with side effects for some people and because we have human brains, someone can use a medicine and discontinue it's use if they experience side effects. The issue is that proportionally to the sample size, less people got better (probably within margins) and significantly more people got worse (maybe I'm looking at it in a way that assumes there are supposed to be some people in the middle - this fake study sucks). So the cream seems to have no positive effect and can increase rashes.  Fundamentally here the problem is that the fake people doing the fake study for some reason used completely different sample sizes for the control group as they did for the cream group. Maybe that's just all the fake data they had access to.  On the gun control one I would have serious questions about the methodology. You're gonna present me a chart that says "crime increased" and "crime decreased" across "cities"? And you're going to give me completely different sample sizes? I mean look obviously I know it's an experiment but being real, that doesn't mean anything to me. If you were able to explain what the data means, I wouldn't lose my ability to interpret data though, I would approach it the same way I approached the skin cream (though of course the data is deliberately a little confusing, it took me a short bit to figure out what I was supposed to be doing and again it feels like there should be at least one person who's rash neither improved nor got worse but hey).
Found this out a couple of years ago.. never felt more free. Just as a quick example: I've found out that religion is a manmade construct. It's not real, never was and never will be. This means that it can not dictate what I should think, because it simply means nothing. This was such a freeing experience, because thanks to it I've realized I can think whatever I want to and not obey predetermined behavior that isn't a law of nature, but was instead created by someone a long time ago. If you then apply this to other topics, you'll suddenly find yourself eating healthier, spending more time educating yourself and less time on social media and being free of politics. Simply put.. control yourself with facts and not with manmade constructs and life suddenly feels better. Happier.
I wish they would of tested the third group... the people that don't belong to any political party, like me.
the problem is the studies always have flaws or like climate not enough years of real data going back 1000s of years. but guessed by core samples
I got it right, but for the wrong reason. I was thinking if there was more improvements and worsening, the cream likely caused more rashes, which led to more spontaneous instances of rashes getting worse. Getting in more car accidents means you'll survive more of them, not that you're a good driver.
The lady on the creme: "I would have to know what kinda cream it is..." and I'm thinking "Come on! Stop avoiding the question, you were asked for an answer *based on these number*. Few minutes later, gun control vs crime numbers and me thinking "Whoa! That's a complicated topic with many hidden variables. You can't just look at correlation!" And suddenly I have trouble breathing as there's a red ball on my nose or something.
Muricans
My question is, was the hypothetical gun control study presented as fact or a hypothetical? If you present something as a real situation, people will default to what they already know is true, whereas a hypothetical removes something from its context.
Telling the truth without love or empathy is a clanging gong - yes you might be correct, but if you drill the evidence into someone they're going to have a much greater tendency to disregard the truth and believe otherwise.
They need to add to this study. Find the correlation between people who got the first political question wrong, to get a second political question wrong.   There was a large bias due to politics, but it was less than half the people being swayed. That means that more people were not biased than biased.  However was that just 'luck' and they would be biased on the next question, or do we have more than 50% of people consistently not biased.
Skin  cream did make the rash better, why are we using the second table in the first place, 223 people had  their rash improved remaining 75 had it worsened, Second table is only used to compare not using cream or using it. In the end the cream did make rash better but not using cream would have made it MORE better
imagine getting the answer in seconds thinking you're smart then you see the intro of this video.😅
news flash a skin rash is a disorder caused by inflammation inflammation is anything that causes a disruption to your Natural Biome Remove any toxin that are destroying natural harmony and the rash will clear most commercial soaps especially anti biotic products are best avoided, they kill both pathogen and probiotic microbes, your body needs both. Truth is excessive washing causes most ills and sickness, selling products is an Industry for Profits.
Bringing such awareness to confirmation bias may be the best solution to confirmation bias.
the answer could be either depending on what you mean by better and improve.   also being right for the wrong reasoning is just luck, chance, you aren't actually right and it tell nothing about your intellectual abilities.   you can see people state their opinion on guns not even considering the numbers, they answer as if they were asked to give their actual opinion on guns instead of solving this hypothetical math problem. they aren't even trying to solve the problem, so the answer doesn't matter since the reasoning is unrelated.
10:40 is a somewhat dangerous suggestion as it is the classical "let's deal with the symptom first and the cause later (in most cases this means never, with the example of climate change, it is irreversible)" ...  imagine a doctor just giving you pain killers repeatedly to deal with your knee pain instead of actually just fixing it (if possible) while giving you some pain killers to "survive" the operation.
8:50 people are thinking they are reasoning, because they justify their opinion on hard facts with reasonable explanation that are outside the hard numbers.   An argument always has two sides, a cold fact and a reasoning side to it and the problem is that a lot of people are thinking the otherway around. They hear the argument and then try to construct the cold fact and resoning part of it. As society shiftet to view the facts in higher value, the thinking of people that their argument only stems from facts was shiftet alongside it.   People often forget that just because the facts show something to be true, doesn't mean the argument is true too. The most vulnerable part of an argument is the reasoning side of it.
Am I dumb because I got it right?
The problem is that facts can be offensive and people will flinch away from looking at the facts. "Does George Floyd die on an overdose as the autopsy says or from suffocation?", "Is a baby in a woman's body a human being? If not what is a human being?" and many more questions like that. Google was destined to give us facts, but political pressure made it hard for Google to work as fact engine
Amazing insights as usual! Always remember that data speaks louder than opinions.
The moment you lead off with "it's pretty obvious that...." that means you are not looking at the data.
Smarter people will get it right. Your expectation of smartness is the problem. You have low standards gor smartness.
Great now you only need numbers and stats that are not made to influence your perception. This epiphany doesn't help that much when there are statistics tailor made to support a political view. For example studies on causes of death for children. There is at least one that I know of that suggests that guns are the biggest threat to the life of a child. Same study includes death of people up to 18 years old. Spoiler, young guys shooting up each other in gang wars has a large impact. If you take those out however, guess what, things like car accidents become by far more dangerous than guns.  Knowing how you are biased isn't a huge help when you can't rely on the numbers research gives you
What an amazing video! Very insightful.
You should mention that the "no change in rash" response is null in the treatment and control groups. The proportional logic does not apply otherwise.
I've participated in some form of online discussion for many decades now... since before the internet became widely available.  And from this, I learned a long time ago that one cannot change another person's beliefs with rational discussion.  It stands to reason that my own beliefs don't change through rational discussion.  You can sure foment a lot of negative emotions, though, by playing with another's beliefs.  If you wanted to cause another country's citizens to polarize to destabilizing levels, imagine how effective your campaign would be to use social media to heighten the negative emotions of folks on  all sides of the political spectrum.
yeah I think the easiest thing to do about political polarisation is that the one side who claims our society is so polarised stops to make life for everyone except cis men worse
Very surprising result.
These two "studies" are not equal: you can run a controlled experiment with the cream, but you can't do the same with guns and expect the results to show the cause and effect. So this could be another reason why people didn't take the conclusions of the gun question at face value, the guy at 6:39 made a good point.
I love this video. I got the question right and don't know how to feel about it, but I'm already fairly aware that I'm not super intelligent...so it's probably nothing to worry about.
Now we know why every issue becomes a wedge issue, why public education is being gutted/strained, and why critical thinking and civics are not taught.
How does doing the actual math make me dumber again?
I'd love to see a version of this on a paper that asked you to show your calculations.  "Using only these made up figures, and no other information, calculate whether gun control increased or decreased crime compared to no gun control. Show your working."  I'd like to think the effect would largely disappear (though response rates might plummet). From the snips, it appears the numerate partisans disengaged entirely from the numbers.
Absolutely brilliant video. I wish every politically passionate person could see it.
This is the outcome of identity politics, since people don’t think for themselves, they just go with the rest of the sheep 🙃 Remember, opposing tribes end up killing each other. Love this video, very cool
So they just proved cognitive disonance is real, first. Second, politics is just sports pretending to be something smart and importatnt, but no different to football or basketball. If you support a team they are the best, no matter what
Killer thumbnail!
This is the outcome of identity politics, since people don’t think for themselves, they just go with the rest of the sheep 🙃 Remember, opposing tribes end up killing each other.
Your friend Destin from Smarter Every Day will not be Happy 😅😊
vote trump
Enough with the extremism on both sides. We all need to focus on the data and what is logically and numerically correct in society.
I'd be sceptical of such a simplistic data model
The fact that I can be trusted with trillions of units in currency and Megatron's of the world's most precious materials, a collection of the world's most mental and physically capable humans and not use it for selfish or scared or corrupt reasons...verses how most of you would not be able to handle such riches or responsibility. I have a sense of near-unto-death fear of being evil and failure that I beat myself into humility and discipling, forego pleasure, in order to do the right thing and do the maximum effort. My fellow humans are weak and flawed and not working on those deficiencies as if their life depends on it. Like me. How it grieves me that those of scientific and mathematical rigor are still yet blind, even when presented with data. Our planet is polarised because we are self consumed in our thoughts and actions. We will not sacrifice our minutes and seconds of our lives for one another. This video represents the selfishness of humanity.😢
Consider this: People lean a certain way politically because they have some reasoning regarding an issue (which they have thoroughly thought about) Therefore, it's not what fits their ideology. I think it's wrongly put. But that they have thought about that specific issue thoroughly and have reasons to pick an answer that they think is correct in relation to their opinions, (which that they formed from the conclusion by thoroughly thinking about those things and having reasons). This means those answers are NOT wrong. But have a different opinion. You can also notice this when they answer the question, they put forward some of their thoughts/reasoning. They have different assumptions, thoughts, reasoning and conclusion to answer what is correct to them. This is why ASSUMING they have answered similarly to the irrelevant "cream" question, is not rational and totally disregards their reasoning. This is why many questionnaires have options for "others" reason or a box that they can write their answer in.
I got it wrong when it was rash cream, does that make me smart or stupid?  I should also not have done this before bed lol  Edit: I think it makes me smart according to this but I feel like the title is referring to thr when it’s guns so therefore I think it means I’m stupid?
9:24 Damn, Derek you grilled them
What I'm hearing is the more you know the more you are biased, the "dumber" people were more unbiased, interesting.
0:56 This chart does not account for people whose rash didn't change Also the cream group and control group are different iin size So the results are inconclusive
What was the exact wording of the gun control question?  Because the cities were not randomized into treatment/control groups: they were self-selected, and that may cause a selection bias.  (E.g. maybe the cities that introduced gun control laws did so in response to a crime wave, or made other relevant law changes at the same time.)  My answer would be "The study doesn't prove anything because of potential selection bias" regardless of the numbers, unless the question specifically said "Assume there's no selection bias and take the numbers at face value."
Interesting - my first instinct was to compare the ratio between those who got better (a bit over 2:1 - cream:no cream) and those who got worse (almost 4:1). So I concluded that if you use the cream you are 4x more likely to get worse and 2x more likely to get better, so basically, I'll take my chances tnx :D
My takeaway is, the higher your numeracy score, the more you yap.
Maybe smarter people do "worse" because they are more likely to trust their past experience instead of your data. As they should. Isn't the definition of intelligence to be right more often? Saying they embrace irrationality because it is rational to be tribal in an evolutionary sense is a very cynical way to look at it. I'd rather believe tribes come about through sets of shared beliefs, on the merit of those beliefs through individual rational though.
Life. The smarter you are, the more likely you are to get it wrong.
I mean I know it's cheating since I know something is afoot, obviously.  But right away I noticed how there wasn't a set number of entrants in either group.  Even if it's the same number (looks like it might be 300 each), that means more people worsened in the treatment group, which makes it worse.  Twice as many people got worse in the treatment group as opposed to the control group, though it looks like quite a few in the control group didn't improve or worsen, again... depending on if they had equal numbers of entrants.
The problem is that real world math is far too complex and fast for anyone other than an autistic savant to keep up with.  Take the skin cream.  There are about 200 factors that would have had to be controlled for in this experiment.    Just off the top of my head: 1: What creams are being used? (The MOA of the cream will directly change the result, hydrocortisone will likely reduce inflammation via inhbition of the immune system in the short term, but thin the dermis in the long term, making the rash worse... some things are known allergens, some things are toxic to human skin.  They used lead in makeup and probably still use horrifying chemicals in beauty products). 2: What duration? (see above for an example of how time can reverse a result re: topical steriods). 3: Population sample, where are they from, what is their environment, do they have a shared environment?  What are pollution levels like?  How are detergents and soaps controlled for?   4: Genetics (subtype of population sample, but if all your subjects are Asian or Sea gypsies, then you will have wildly different results).   4: Skin types (similar to above, but also not.  Fitzpatrick skin type). 5: Age. 6: Diet (I don't know how many as a percentage, but many rashes are actually just external manifestations of internal issues).   What is 'better' and what is 'worse'?  What is a 'rash'?  Maybe out of your 1111 subjects, 200 had insect bites, 300 had allergic reactions to clothing detergent, 150 had mild food allergies, 150 had allergies to pollutants in the air... etc. etc.    Your 203 and 75 are essentially meaningless math.    And it just doesn't make sense that your population would get worsening of rashes as a trend with both the control and the experiemental arm.. that's insane.  Like everyone had Lupus now?  What did you do to these poor patients?!!
Did anyone notice how Derek referenced at 11:58 that these things are more obvious now because we can post, Tweet... Well, you don't tweet anymore now that Twitter is X, but the cultural inertia of Twitter is so great that even in a video about science communication, you can't shake the notion of tweeting as a useful way to spread information. This cultural inertia is why even after the platform was essentially destroyed as a productive medium, it will continue to survive for at least several years to come, and why none of its competitors had a chance of stealing the market.
I think that part of scientific literacy is understanding that science is not, in general, super partes.
What would be the reaction if the study was on "Health Benefits of Smoking"? It isn't about politics, it is about prior knowledge and not accepting every BS that is sold you as "study".  The study as you present is flawed and cherry picked to create "ideology" background instead of applying common sense on a "study results"
That's why we normalize values. So people don´t get confused and we don´t have snarky people mocking on others based on their intelligence.
What a great scientific way to bring both parties together in a unique way.
This is fodder for my thesis that I'm brooding on for years (and that got a lot of confirmation during the COVID-19 pandemic): As soon something becomes political people start to behave like herd animals (independently of "side"). Or to state this in a more bombastic fashion: Becoming political is the death of truth. Whereas this is not the central point of this video, this is the most important point for me.  This is one of the most important reasons I can't take part in demonstrations even if the main statement of the demonstration fits with my political attitudes (feeling very bad in big crowds of people is the most important other reason). Most people there are completely emotionalized and irrational, regardless of the main statement.
You didn't give the number of people in those group. you didn't give us the whole data........ so that we could understand BETWEEN HOW MANY people, the numbers given are the results
Notice how all the open minded democrats are siding with trump. Rogan, musk, Kennedy, gabbard. Who does Harris have? The Cheneys? lol
I got the correct answer on the first example of the skin cream but as you switched the data in the second example of the skin cream I got confused. I don't know why I should just make the same reasoning I'm done on the first one. When you showed the one on the crime I straight up thought "people aren't going to be rational but just go with what they want to believe".
“we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe” and how similar everybody actually is. love these conclusions, because it’s the final truth. we are all the same, we’re all just playful animals that want to be loved. and yet, discrepancies dictate our way of living.
Am I the only one who thought both groups had an even size, and just answered both. Idk I just assumed the rest didn't worsen or get better, oh well. I love all the pretentious people in youtube comments who crawl out of their dark holes when there's a video about intelligence or bias etc.
@veritasium still waiting for the other thermite vids
"Humans are very social creatures"  Me: *gets it right* oh no
Me thinking this is just a cool "find out how smart I am video" only ending up to be something to do with politics 😭
Now try this one- Me: "If 13% of my herd is causing 60% of the problems, what should I do?"  AI: "You could consider culling or removing those animals that are causing most of the issues in your herd."
This is the first Veritasium video I ever voted thumbs down.  It's a click-bait title. You are NOT smarter if you got the answer wrong. LOL.  I noticed that the control group no cream had a higher percentage of those who improved.   That doesn't make me dumber. 😂   But the sample sizes of the two groups are different, so not a good comparison.  The real "correct" answer is that the data size is too small to make any real conclusion.  The rest of the video is about comformation bias, which is a completely different subject and nothing new.
I won't change my mind otherwise my crush tells me, cause that's what matters
Amazing video, just a shame it didn't come out sooner.
The issue is that Data relating to politically charged topics is so often itself manipulated to push a particular agenda. This is a problem across the whole political spectrum.  It causes people to be very skeptical of the numbers presented.  That kid that wanted to see alll the sources for the data had the right approach.
PSA!!!: topical steroids nearly always make skin conditions worse. If you dont believe me, look up topical steroid withdrawal
Skeptics Guide to the Universe opened my eyes to this. They’re amazing.
Great episode! Thank you for it! Also, congrats on the courage of speaking about it when this topic might upset peoples.   Please make more that kind of content.
This study also applies to change in bias of Indian people's mindset, point of view , since 2014; Modi being elected as PM.
This is an important video
I think it’s reasonable to trust one's life experience over accepting numbers at face value. I’m open to changing my mind, but I need to verify the validity and invest the energy to understand the significance of a study’s results. These days, flawed studies seem to exist on almost every topic...
I had it right, so I guess I'm not clever lol
A smart person would've recognized that it was a fake study. Facts of the matter are criminals don't care about laws and black markets exist for a reason.
If I'm being honest, I would likely have just questioned the study/table either way. I mean with a cream the numbers would make sense because a few hundred people it's tested on seems reasonable. But for gun violence/crime rates, I'd question what the numbers mean. Like they seem too low to be the absolute numbers of more or less crime in multiple cities. And it has to be multiple cities because the crimes that drop can't be from the same city as the crimes that increase because you can only compare crime rates from the past to crime rates now, they can't decrease and increase at the same time. Also, for a study on skin cream it makes sense that you have only the absolute data, it would still be better if you have more data like percentages, amount that the rash got better/worse,... but the simplification still works. A thing like gun control is much more complex and it depends on how laws restrict the guns, how many cities were taken into account, what crimes where taken into account, if the numbers represent crime rate what the magnitude is (like it makes a difference if it's 50 crimes less in a city that had 5000 or in a city that had 500), and more.  I don't think that a piece of paper with 4 numbers without units or any description of what the numbers actually mean and no additional data would be enough for me in any way. Like, with the skin cream I don't really care either way because it's just some product but with the guns and other real issues it's just not enough no matter which way the study points to.  Maybe that's just me liking to read studies and look at research. I would probably have asked to see the source where it comes from, but I think only for the gun topic because that's interesting to read. A random skin cream doesn't sound interesting. Also, if that may be interesting, I'm diagnosed with autism, so that also may have something to do with my look on things.  Also, I wouldn't have been found at any political rally or stuff like that. And I'm European so even less likely in the US. If anything you would have found me on a pride parade, lol.
There is one major problem with the question and that is that it fakes numbers. That is the same as asking people to reject all their prior knowledge on a specific subject. If I was shown a study that gives evidence for something that I know is factually wrong, if I'm not aware from the start that the numbers are fake I might interpret everything incorrectly because of prior knowledge, and if I know that the numbers are fake then I might get very suspicious.
Smarter people don't always behave as smart as they should be
wow so interesting
Youtube propaganda is getting more and more desperate by the day :)
Good title, got me interested.
The real underline issue is the US election system that polarises the entire population...with a multi partisan system and proportional voting this would be mitigated.   The whole world feels the effects of this polarisation and by imitation/media spreading, it becomes the system (aka: way of thinking) of the whole globalised society.   Everything starts from this two sided fight, what if THAT was different?
No surprise whatsoever. Kids/people are taught what to think, not how to think.  This is the way that governments want things so this is the way things are.  The solution is to teach people how to think and expose them to raw facts. In the US Republicans come closer to this ideal but are certainly not perfect.
Whipped out my calculator as soon as I saw that 2x2 table lol
Well this was a huge waste for time.  For anyone looking for a problem that actualy matches the tittle of the video, I have one for you:  Jhon has two tanks, in the first tank there are 10 liters of water paint, and the second tank there are 10 liters of alcohol. Jhon takes 1 liter from the first tank and puts it into the second tank. Then, Jhon takes one liter from the second tank, and puts it back on the first tank. After doing this, which of the following statements is correct: a) There is as much alcohol in the first tank as there is water in the second tank b) There is more alcohol in the first tank then there is water in the second tank c) There is less alcohol in the first tank then there is water in the second tank
He roasted all muslims blindingly supporting terrorism using indirect logics
Don’t forget Argumentum ad populum  Group think is dangerously inconsistent nowadays
Literally everyone polled: I'm willing to learn from evidence if it contradicts me.  Video guy: These people are deluded and forever partisan.  Seems like the people in your video didn't fit the narrative you tried to force onto them.
Great video.
It depends on how you presents it.  Numercy ppl may intuitively know its more complicated than the way you presented it and try to compensate for it.  For example, did the presenter clearly state that assuming there is no other factors contributing to the results, and ask if numbers come out this way, what does it say about introducing guns?  On the other hand, (or going backwards) what should the numbers look like if guns have no effect?  I think you try to simplify too quickly and blame most on political bias instead of many other biasis that are possible and well studied in fields of statistics and study designs.
This shows when people are politically biased, their throw logic out of window. Explains why USA is in such a mess because politics screw up their brains
Religious beliefs work in the same way, the day needs to come where including religion in these topics isnt taboo.
Did *nobody* take one look at those numbers and go "This sample size is obviously much, much too small for the results to be useful or even meaningful" ?  Are people really willing to accept results from studies with two- and three-digit sample sizes?
Well, if we assume that in the study there were equal number of participants who used cream and who didn't, we can safely the assum the difference in numbers was because their rash STAYED THE SAME. So cream is actually better
Lol I love that all of this discussion on how study data can be ignored for people to justify an opinion is based on a fake study
In the first question shouldn't the control group and the test group be the same number on people? The test group would have been 298 and the control group would have been 128. I'm i missing something?
11:04 good luck seriously combatting climate change while denying it is manmade. the whole thing about that is we have to reduce greenhouse gasses from trapping heat on the planet, and it's humans who are pumping the greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere. excellent bipartisan teamwork on drying those floors with a bunch of towels, but the actual problem is that you have a massive water pipe leak one side pretends doesn't even exist
I feel like Derek has now finally succumbed to resorting to clickbait tactics. You’re not more likely to get these questions wrong the smarter you are, you’re just less likely to apply objective intelligence to these questions full stop.
Rationality is a myth 😱
Clickbait is one thing, but this title is just lying, isn't it?   Numeracy and intelligence will corelate, but I've seen no example where the people with higher numeracy actually got worse results.
In the end the title is horrible though. I know it is technicall correct, but it seems to imply they do worse than "dumb" people, which is clearly done on purpose
Brilliant - this is one of your best ever videos!!   Regardless of which party you vote for - this information is valuable.
So one group gets a question about an unknown outcome (does a new, previously untested skin cream help with rashes), and the other group gets asked about an issue that has actually been researched and lots of people might have been exposed to existing research results about it? It feels like it's asking people more than just to contradict their ideology but also to contradict prior knowledge. When the issue is one where one group will actually agree with tons of existing research and the other will actually be willfully ignoring tons of existing research, it's difficult for me to come to the conclusion that it's only ideological bias that's being tested. It feels like this study is designed specifically to suggest that agreeing with existing research is the same as ignoring existing research.
Mainstream news brainwashing
Or you could get rid of the two party system, or parties all together. It is not the only way.
Only semi-smart people will get it wrong. They don’t even know how to read a 2x2 table. Real smart people will get it right without a problem.
Correlation and causation are NOT the same.  Improving or worsening a rash is a correlation.  Increasing or decreasing crime is a correlation, but i see causation coming in.  We observe and document results, not causes.
Me asking the American public was a good idea.
Personally, I think the main reason this issue exists is because people look at numbers instead of %. Numbers mean nothing, cause its just a number, it ain't comparing to anything. While for % it is comparing against the total number, thus comparing % helps with looking at the overall picture.
let's be honest, most of us clicked here expecting to find out whether we could "get it right" and now we watched till the end because curiosity got the better of us.
The results of this test is flawed because the test is flawed. You didn't provide data that is factual, you provided data that is hypothetical, and even told the test takers so. So people grab back to their established knowledge or convictions. People doubt data from topics especially if very rich and powerful parties are involved, like the weapons industry, who often influences research data or fund research to benefit their desired outcome. The reason smart people get the question wrong is because they have established opinions on these topics. As soon as you mention these topics, they don't even look at the data that you present,  it's hypothetical data anyways. You are skewing a fictional scenario with a very real and heavily debated topic. This is a bad test, and bad research. It doesn't really test what you want it to test.
What I found odd about the way the skin cream question was posed is HOW the data was displayed, with control and experiemental group as rows instead of columns. I found myself straining to "rotate" the chart in my head so I could compare the left and right columns in the top row (which is what I knew I needed to do), because what my brain WANTED to do was compare the top row and bottom row in the left column (as the guy at 0:59 did). I wouldn't have written the data out like this myself, and given that swapping the columns changed the result, I wonder if flipping the X and Y axes might make it easier for people to get the right answer.
Are we supposed to assume that people could answer "no difference", or is the size of the control group smaller? If the group sizes are equal,  isn't the answer that the skin cream make the rash better or worse?
I have to be honest with you guys. At 8:45 I paused the video.
5:59 "You cant just take peoples guns away and say they're illegal, yknow? Its kinda like drugs" thats insane
So you consider that letting your political opinions blind you to plain truth is "smart". Interesting.
'Avoid polarising topics' is a strategy that cedes ground to fake and wrong ideas. >Earth is flat >woah, lets not get political!
Usa has very polorized politics, it has only 2 sides, black and white, right or wrong. This is stupid, this is not true democracy, there must be more than two options, not only yes or no, because the world is not two-sided. Even Normal distribution has at least 3 options - neutral, left wing and right wing. This the-only-two-options thinking gets America trapped, it sees others as assigned to one of two sides, this is teenage-brain thinking, infantile thinking, or even worse, antient thinking, i believe that even greek and romian civilizations were smarter than this.
Me like using percentage
My problem isn't the wording, it's the difference between both groups using an ointment - one of which is a placebo - and groups of crime where only set of criminals has guns. To be equivalent problems the criminals in all cities would need guns but only one group can fire.  We intuitively see a difference in having and not having guns which means the data isn't directly comparable.
And what is meant by the expression "smarter people"? A rational person will immediately see the relationship between success/deterioration and choose the right answer. It seems that the person who made this video is a fool himself, but thinks that he is smart. Because how such nonsense can be taught publicly is not clear, only if the author is self-deluded.
8:24 Max Bonilla is Genius!!!
This is interesting, but the title feels like clickbait
7:23 Anybody else hearing Trump explaining the numbers and because of that didn't take his point seriously? Well, I did intuitively. I assume, I myself also think "tribally".
This one goes into vertasium's greatest hits
I have a genius level IQ and I got the question right. So the correlation is unsubstantiated in my case.
I understand what the experiment was going for but i do think its comparing apples to oranges a bit Also the problem with "avoiding political topics" is theres a consistent habit of topics becoming political as a way to obfuscate them. See climate change. Objectively true but fossil fuel companies spend millions and millions to foster propaganda to make it a politics issue
5:48 Bro left school at 5 you can tell just by the way he talks. I hate him already just for the Oh YoU CaN'T tAkE PeOpLeS GuNs!!!
Real! This should be common knowledge. It shows we put so much in our pride that logic and rationale just aren't important anymore. We can sugar coat it in empathy but it should be a wake up call.
From math's to politics, how exciting
Not saying that all stupid people are republican .. but.. look at those graphs, blue are shifted up by quite a bit
I did terribly im a genius
wow, how did you migrate from challenging with questions, to current politics, F, I thought this was a science chennel, the least you could do it put elections in the title. bad move.
How to tell people they are not intelligent without telling it.
I mean, with the gun control question I feel like you can't quite use the same format. Crime might have decreased in more areas compared to places where in increased, but it resultet in more crime in general right? For example. If you push out a law and it results in decreased crime in  most states but increased crime in general, doesn't that mean the law didnt objectively improve the situation? Maybe I'm missing something
If only the US had proportional vote instead of majority vote and not the most anachronistic two-party system.  While these things still happen in other democratic systems, two-party systems maximize the problems with this.
When a math problem becomes a personal problem the probability changes 😂 it is scientific, not irrational 😂
"Wait a minute" - me who can't decide which answer to choose at all
Black-on-black murder was 1200% more than all other demographics combined.  Sure, its down 15% this year. Maybe. That's actually debateable.   But, the point is...black-on-black murder was: Four times higher than all other demographics before the Ferguson effect. Then a 60% jump fron 5000 to 8000 in just 3 years. Then Trump made it flatline for 3 years thanks to his roundup of MS-13 starting in mid 2017. Then starting in mid 2020 black-on-black murder went from about 8,000 to about 15,000 annually.  That's 3 times higher than 5,000. So, 4 times 3 is 12. So, 1200% more than all other demographics.  A drop of 15% is negligible.  Perhaps all the violent criminals that are put on the streets thanks to cashless bail and letting gang-bangers out of prison had something to do with that. Sorry, "gang-bangers" are defined by Democrats as "blacks in prison for possession". Well, they all plead down to possession from "intent to distribute with 50 pounds of marijuana in the trunk and an illegal gun". Hence the 3x jump in murder.  Defunding tbe police didn't help, either. Not at all.  And neither did ending stop-n-frisk.  And neither did demonizing the police as racist, which was a complete lie, because they killed twice as many whites before the Ferguson effect, despite whites and blacks commiting the same number of violent crimes like murder, assaults car jackings, etc.  BTW, cop-on-black killings have aleo tripled. Good job. Don't forget to vote Democrat today because we got to keep that 1200% number up there.  Oh wait, its down 15%   Ok, ok, it's only 1185%.  Maybe.
2:45 "oh this is math!" has me rolling XD
So interesting! I would be keen to see this exercise replicated in a society where politics isn't as polarised as it is in the US. I wonder if the results would be consistent
Should the study not have been presented as 'banning weapons entirely' instead of just gun control? Because the cream example kinda prohibits a third party contender (other skin products that fly under the radar) because it's presented in a research context and therefore has a control group with zero intention to use a third party contender. Whereas in the gun violence study, other weapons (third party contender) haven't been accounted for, even though they're probably a large factor on why people would want guns for protection.
first condition to get info on the cream, is having bad results in the control group so, bad results means 'better look at the sky and guess'.  please add 'on avarage' to the question, because it's misleading.
I knew skin cream was BAD! This video proves it! 😱
A skin cream that only represents 13% of sales in the US causes 53% of skin rashes. The more educated you are the more likely you are to think all skin creams are the same.  Makes you think.
Guns have nothing to do with crimes, parasites are at fault. The "research" is based in an extremely wrong base. It's like saying gloves make better plumbers or whatever. It's not the gloves, it's the experience, the will to do the deed.
Stupidity is blindly believing studies (Veritasium has even done a video on the lack of reproducibility of studies). It is not rational to believe numbers unconditionally. (No. I'm not pro-guns)
I'm interested if this study would work in a country with more parties. America has a two party system (in practice, I know there are more than 2 parties), which makes the divide in ideology wider. Of course, this is especially true when you attend rallies or gatherings, since more moderate people won't attend those.  So in a country with proportional representation, people can choose a party that is more in line with their personal ideology, instead of having to pick the lesser of two evils or having to change their ideology to better fit one of the two parties.  I think this encourages free and critical thinking, and may have an effect on the results of a study like this.  And I'm not saying that proportional voting will completely fix this issue. Like the video says, it's human nature, and people are people. But I am interested if this study yields different results in a society with less polarization than the US.
If you're smart and you failed this questions, you're just not smart enough. It's that simple.   Success creates attempt, attempt creates mistake, mistake creates failure, failure creates success. Problem is, most ppl stopped at failure, while others skipped the mistakes by copying others and cheating, so they never got enough attempt to be "smart".
Yeah but I don't know why I would still choose an option with less casualties + 0.2 times crime decreased option rather than More casualties (223) + 0.35 times reduced crime. I don't know why in the case of gun control, I wanna choose the first one. "Less casualties" + 0.2 times reduced crime, idk why it seems like a better option even though I know I am mathematically wrong. If you have any explanation for that ?
My response would be "the sample size isn't big enough to make an accurate assessment".
Honestly, it's very disturbing how a simple 'math' question goes over so many people's head....  'Oh no, this is math!'
the clickbaitiness of Veritasium videos is painful by now (though his fertilizer video takes the cake). People already commented that the title is extremely misleading (*) and I feel the tumbnail with "knowing maths doesn't help!" is not much less bad.  I doubt that knowing maths alone makes me more biased about political topics. You just show a correlation but infer causality.   (*) especially, I felt it was actually more interesting. He completely ignored that there seemed to have been two effects and if you are really into maths you can overcome your bias... that is how I read the curve. (+ can we see the quantiles and not just the average?)
I would be interested to know whether this phenomenon is similarly strong in other countries. During my studies in the USA, I had the impression that the American mindset is not very strongly influenced by facts...
I knew about this effect, but the percentage of people that are so affected was a crazy realization
When he presented the question, I paused the video, made my calculations, and concluded that the the cream made the rash worse, which I then assume it was the wrong answer because of the title. Turns out the video is not about it, its about political bias and I was “tricked” by trying to be smart. That’s kinda funny 😂
Also, Just looking at the bigger number are the smarter people?
Did you really just conclude that "Smarter people do worse" - Because dumb people think you gave them some propaganda of fake news so they avoid to answer? 3:00
There's a major flaw with this experiment.  Sure, there's some confirmation bias, but people who are well-informed on issues know what the real data says.  They're less likely to scrutinize the numbers closely, because (in theory) it's data and patterns they're already familiar with.  Like, I already know that fossil fuels accelerate climate change.  If you present me with data that goes counter to that, but seems on the surface to agree, I may not catch on simply because I already know what the right answer is.
Why is the volume so loud in this video? If I watched this on my TV at the lowest setting it would still be too loud.
First, with the skin cream question. I am with the old lady on this one.  1) I would have to know what rash it is. 2) I would have to know what skin cream it is.  Furthermore, there are variables at play that doesn't show up in these fictitious numbers. - Stress induced rash, skin cream relieves stress, thus rash improves. Might as well rub gelatinated water on skin, it's the thought that counts. A.K.A, placebo. - Sun exposure (UV or IR light) that causes a rash (sunburn or other radiation related rash) where you apply a cream with some form of protection against sunlight. Could just as well be sun cream. Could also just be a case of "it was sunny when the rash appeared and after applying cream, it was cloudy". - Dry skin, be it from dry air or showering too much or using sanitizers or not hydrating enough or... Yeah, the cream didn't fix the issue. It just (might) makes the rash heal faster. - Any other, not cream related things that apply.  Numbers mean absolutely NOTHING without context. If you have first degree burns from exposure to open flame and you apply a cream specifically made to heal skin from first degree burns and it makes the burns better, then yes. I would say that using the cream makes the condition better. Numbers would show this. But if you have eczema from an allergic reaction to berries, then no amount of cream is going to fix the rash. It might make it less irritating but it will not remove the rash. Not eating the aforementioned berries will solve the issue.  A counter question, do pain killers actually remove the pain? No, it just blocks the pain receptors so you feel less pain. The pain is still there and only removing the cause of the pain will actually fix the pain. That being said, a pain killer can be just the thing that helps remove the cause of the pain. If you have a sore back, the fact you are moving in strange ways to avoid the pain can make the sore back even worse. Here, pain killers can actually be a remedy. But if the cause of your sore back is a knife stuck in your back, then no amount of pain killers is going to remove the knife.
'im a smart person, could I really be this wrong!'
The older I get, the more convinced I become that we make decisions everyday, all the time, all throughout life, based on important, but probably mostly irrational elements, likely even spiritual, unknowable elements. And then after the fact, we use our logic and reason to construct a narrative that justifies or ties it all together into a cohesive narrative that makes sense. I'm starting to believe we all do this, all the time, even when just thinking about things by ourself, telling ourselves stories that sound rational to justify all kinds of things we did or thought or felt etc.   And for a long time this bothered me. But now, as a writer, it really doesn't. We're built to hear and tell stories. That's actually HOW we understand the world. People with the best stats don't win, people with the best stories do. I think it's good to learn both.
Very _demure_
I just saw the numbers and looked at the ratio, since 223 to 75 is lets say rounded up 3:1, while 107 to 21 is lets say rounded up to 5:1.  So I knew it was the no cream one.
It's very rational to suspect the data , the study and the person who is asking you a loaded political question on a subject you already have done a ton of research...
Confirmation bias
Scary stuff!
I was so confused because I thought the question implied a third answer of "no difference" and because of this, there was not enough information to draw a conclusion because the cream had both helped and worsened more rashes, and the deciding factor would be entirely dependent on how many people were not affected at all. This would indicate the general prognosis of the rash. I also considered that attrition in study participants would most likely be due to the rash going away, which would create unreliable figures.   Then the politics thing came about and I was like "yeah I can see how I would just invent justifications for anything really"
oh wow, acknowledging the subject at hand actually does do things instead of looking for the reason why the subject at hand happened.. surprising
Political tribalism is cancer only benefitting the anti-social power hungry politicians
I was thinking about our division of people into two groups of stupid and smart. Why do we do that in the first place? People are more capable in one area and less in the other. What do we call someone if he/she is so genius in music and so dumb in sport, or someone who is a super duper mathematics guy, but so confused on how to change a diaper?  Smartness doesn't have just one characteristic
I'm not certain that this shows what it purports to show. IMHO the politically numerate may know the maths but they are really questioning whether the methodology of the study is correct or relevant - This is still a bias and a failing but I think they are choosing to ignore the maths (because they know that it disagrees with their beliefs IF the study is valid) rather than getting the maths wrong. This comes out in what they say - They do not talk about the figures but about the issue.
I got 1:37 correct.  I feel like anyone with a strong science background is not going to struggle with this question.  However, I would like to comment normally the control group and the experimental group should have had an equal number of participants.  There were more than twice as number of people in the experimental group.  This does effect the stats and significance.
There is a deeper layer to this, beyond just trying to fit into your tribe. Even an isolated individual can easily wind up deluding themselves. The trouble is how can any of us ever really know if we are right or wrong? The fact is that while there may be objective truths in this universe, there is no guarantee that we can ever be 100% certain of any of them. Ultimately it is your own brain that makes the final call, it has to decide using only the knowledge it has whether a statement is true or false. Sure, a scientifically trained person might nurture a more nuanced attitude, more readily allowing for uncertainty. This works fine when nothing much is at stake, but sometimes your survival depends on whether you get this right. Evolution has not conditioned us to sit on the fence and ponder things, we need to be decisive and act. There is a neurological mechanism in all animal brains which encourages "good" behaviour and discourages "bad" behaviour. For a squirrel, burying nuts for winter is "good" behaviour. Each animal has its particular ecological niche, and a set of behaviours which are beneficial or harmful to the animal. A freshly evolved neural network does not a priori know which behaviours are good or bad, it is guided by natural selection on the long term, and a sort of "trial and error" of each individual throughout life. What is the specific niche of humans? You could say it is general intelligence, the ability to learn and retain new information and adapt to varied environments. Just as the gazel gets faster to evade the lion, there is a selective pressure driving us to better understand the world around us. But remember, who is the final arbitrator? What is the metric of success here? Who decides whether or not you have understood? It is you; your brain which decides. In the past, the kinds of decisions we had to make were often life and death, if you made a bad call you would find out soon after. But since the agricultural revolution, food surplus, rise of civilisations, etc we have had much more free time to consider less critical things like "why is the sky blue?" and "is there a god?" There is no immediate feedback on these more philosophical questions. How then does the brain decide what to do? What to believe? Well it's kind of a "red pill, blue pill" scenario. You can cultivate a reserved, scientific mentality and put every idea through rigorous review and ultimately find that you can't really be sure of anything (red pill), or you can skip all that, pick an opinion, decide that you are correct, reap the neurological rewards from having "understood" something new, and be happy (blue pill). In the absence of some natural selection of "bad" ideas, there is a tendency for people to just believe things because it's easy, it gets you the same endorphins without all the trouble and confusion that goes along with really learning something new.
I wanted to write a comment regarding the described feature of Americans seen through the eyes of a European, but I'm afraid it would end with a ban on YT.
In Britain we had a school shooting in 1996. We banned guns. We haven't had a school shooting since 1996.
Interesting that a simple odds ratio question can be affected by personal beliefs. Good video
See, this is the issue with assuming you know how others think. The majority of crimes could have nothing to do with guns, and it seems from the footage that most participants probably understand that the statistics are more nuanced than what the researcher is presenting to them. This is a very dishonest way to run a study.
This is one of the most important videos Veritasium has ever made!
The solution sounds like Karl Popper's piecemeal social engineering.
Do people really struggle this much with that question? I found it super easy.
bruh, i can't even understand the question.
The point of the cream study is to gauge how people evaluate and reason purely on the numbers  Only when political elements were introduced in the 2nd study, this affected the reasoning even though the numbers didn't change
Should have published this a month earlier people have already voted.😔
I'm guessing it got worse when we started leaving facts behind (90's 00's) and highlighting opinions (10's 20's) more, especially in media, which turned it into an echo chamber and then social media also pushing that echo chamber.
9:28 MAHARASHTRA MARATHA !!
It lightens the cognitive load on the individual to nod along with those around them
The even better, simpler, and much much more scarier research is about white and black ball color identification by a group of people. There is also a soviet analogy of experiment with kids and salt or sweet porridge. Or as I call it 2 types of an NPC: I am against/I support the Current Thing.
Politics makes you regarded regardless of what side are you on. Don't take sides. Hate everyone equally.
I can understand when people start saying they need more data, that there must be other underlying reasons to it and that they need to know more when presented with "data" that contradicts their political views. But I, personally, was nonplussed when that lady "needed to see the rash" to evaluate the rash "data" 😆
The best thing to do as a democrat is to have (some) republican friends, and vice versa. A political standpoint shouldn't stand in the way of friendship. I don't understand all this polarisation.
“We believe what we believe to fit in” Now we know how autism evolved
Another reason why democracy cannot work and never will.
The only way to be rational is to not have beliefs.
How does this explain a Trump supporter when all their friends and colleagues are Democrats? This doesn't fit your explanation.
"... a type of question where the more intelligent you are the more likely you are to get it wrong. So I asked my American friend..." Whoah 😅
Uh huh. And which group had better numeracy? Which fictional data sets most clearly reflected real data that people were already familiar with?  The conclusions here aren't rational or based on the data!
What king of uneducated people served as panel to those question, even a child would answer properly
If a person thinks that we don't attack each other only because there is a policeman somewhere out there—you are talking to an ape.
Who is going to study the science of the science of science communication?! 😩
I'm very confused about your interpretations of the graphs on the gun control. (7:06) You said numeracy doesn't increase accuracy for conservatives on the bottom red line. Similar for democrats on the bottom blue line. Though we can definitely see that there's is a shape to those lines. For the conservatives that is a 25% increase. That seems to me like it's far too much to not even mention.
Well, the reason to "become free of your identity". Identity may unite us at smaller levels/communities but it ultimately divides us at the bigger levels. In short, don't let your beliefs hinder your rational.
Bias plays a big part, because they take once glance at the gun numbers and if the larger number of the two is one they are bias against, they don't bother to try and reason the numbers, they just go into defense mode
How large were the test group compared to the control group? The visuals in the video show them as same size. The numbers *suggest* that one group was larger (bigger numbers), but doesn't state that specifically (we don't know how many people saw neither a significant increase or decrease. Likely the majority of each group). The intuitive premise to assume would be equal sized groups, which would mean the cream has an amplifying (or dampening) effect, apart from also being simply bad/good, which could mess with peoples conclusions. This effect is of course only present IF the groups were the same size, but without specifically denying such a thing, it really is not an irrational assumption, and it can influence your idea of whether the cream "works" or not.  I would suggest that such a (potential) dampening/amplifying effect might be relevant for any real life application. Which in turn would  mean whether the cream/gun control is good/bad might not be as open and shut a mathematical question as suggested.   Maybe we want an amplifying effect (remember this is ONLY present if the test/control groups were of the same size!) on our current crime improvement rates, making the improvement happen faster, even if the overall rate of improvement to worsening actually gets worse? Sure the ratio between cities that get better and cities that get worse is not as good, but the overall effect is still positive. The numerical increase in improved cities vs the numerical increase in worsened cities is still in our favor. So after a year (lets say) more people would better off with the amplified effect despite the worse ratio. Ratios are not the only thing that matters (imagine more extreme numbers like positive going from 500-1000 (doubling), but negative going from 10-100 (increasing by a factor of 10). If we assume that the economic loss of every negative city cancels out one corresponding positive city, this would still mean an actual numerical benefit of 400 cities being better off. Which could be a huge net positive.  For peoples answers we should also consider that, if presented with statistics that deny a strongly held and well informed belief, it is in fact rational to (at first) assume an issue with the statistics, or more specifically the way the numbers are presented/used. In todays political climate specifically it is also unlikely that you on camera would admit to a random presented study showing your "opponents" political belief to be the true one, without being able to verify it (less relevant in the actual studies of course).  Degrees of improvement also aren't mentioned anywhere. If crime dramatically "improves" (bad word for this!) in the improved cities, and only slightly worsens in the worsened cities, that means something too.  By introducing real life into what was probably originally assumed to be a math problem by most participants (barring some in this video 😛), you also introduce all these other factors.  I really like the idea, and the conclusion seems very likely to be true regardless of all my ramblings. Biases are a thing after all. I would just urge caution when messing with experimental philosophy like this. Judging peoples rationality when they may assume implicit premises that are not the ones you assume can be "dangerous" 🙂
What a constructive use of the platform. Tribal villainising thinking is limiting us!
7:07 So, can we say that the individual biases can significantly influence how people really understand and interpret information and events?
People need to be at least aware of this 10:13
What we could achive if we worked together..... But no rather extort and enslave
The data table needs big label: FICTITIOUS DATA IMO people didn't understand the question, as they stubborn in this question. Or maybe that's part of the experiment?
There is also an element of Bayes at play here. If you have a strong prior belief, then it would be unwise to overturn it on the basis of one extra piece of evidence. If you were to be presented with a constant stream of data the contradicted your prior belief, then you should change your belief. In the survey which had "gun control" as the measure, no mention is made of the type of gun control, so it certainly would be unwise to substantially modify your beliefs about the good and bad of gun ownership based on a survey that gave you no reason to have confidence in it - and that goes for both sides of the political fence. Having said that there definitely are cases where I hold illogical tribal beliefs. I see this particularly in relation to football umpiring - the consistent bias against Freo just has to stop! Weirdly, some of my Eagles supporting mates have the truly counterfactual belief that the umps are biased against them! I know, hard to believe eh? But as I explain to them, not all free kicks are created equal, it depends on the time in the game, the position on the ground, the player to whom the free is given - they need to realise that the raw stats might look ok, but when you add in these extra factors I'm sure the umps love them and hate us :-)
The thing is that some issues are used to persuade public opinion to reach a governmental goal. Example in my country... CO2 is bad. CO2 is deadly. It is now used to raise taxes. To turn this into a non-loaded subject is doable but eventually politics will catch up and come up with a new narrative which weaponizes the new narrative. In fact, CO2 is an inert gas that acts mostly as plant food.
honestly, I'm a bit sad about the reasoning here, it's fairly incomplete IMO. It's true that the 'tribal thinking' is an aspect of this, but it doesn't have direct impact on the result of the study The only relevance for the tribalism is in 'why do people think this way' and 'how resilient are these ideas'.  what's most relevant here is 'confirmation bias'. it's where people tend to look for things that confirm their beliefs instead of things that disprove them. more specifically:  interpreting things in a way that's in line with pre-existing beliefs.(actual definition adds some extras, but this is the currently relevant part) and let's be honest, it's 100% a massive part of why the study had these results, so I'm really sad it was never mentioned in the vid.   So in this case, where the intuitive answer is "big number" but the actual answer can only be get by looking at percentages. If the numbers look like they don't prove your point (when the 'intuitive answer' doesn't match your point of view) people are more likely to look deeper into the numbers, usually to try and prove them wrong. Which is when they notice the issue with the intutive answer.  But if the intuitive answer confirms your PoV, then why look further into it? textbook confirmation bias.   So the whole thing doesn't have that much to do with math, it's mostly psychology, with a side of math (as in, being smart enough to figure out the solution is only relevant if you're willing to look past the intuitive answer and dig into the numbers.) and psychologically speaking it's not even about tribalism, it's mostly about confirmation bias.
This has everything to do with the Illusory Truth Effect. Lie enough to your supporters and they start to deny reality, regardless of their intellectual abilities, especially if the lies are a perceived benefit.
This is a very important video, unfortunately there is no easy way to address this.... what come to mind is introducing subjects in school that are focused entirely on improving your ability to discern information from data  and try to identify your own biases before even attempting to interpret data. Also daily articles rarely contain sources, and it takes time and effort to analyze sources which is not reasonable to expect from people on every subject, the sources themselves might be skewed by various biases. It seems to me that even if people took a more rational approach to interpreting data, there would always be a limit how far you can go without taking a deep and long look into the sources. Eventually, the dissinformation would also become more sophisticated, just look at pamphlets from the 1950s.... from today's perspective the way people were patronized at that time looks almost childish .... in truth we actually got much better at identifying manipulative newsfeeds which led to new and more subtle ways of manipulating the opinon of people.
i have no bias, thanks
I mean for what it’s worth, in the cream study you have much better control of the other factors at play, so it could hardly be something else, that’s not really the case comparing crime statistics in cities
There are reasons why Iceland is the country with lowest crime rate and Venezuela is the country with the highest crime rate. Hint: Guns don't crack even the top ten of these factors.
the questions and the data provided are not sufficient and people are just answering randomly without even understanding/having some what enough data to a statistical questions.
whats the background music?
This seems to line up exactly with what George Lakoff wrote in "The Political Mind" many years ago.  My main problem is that sometimes, aside from the data, there is also morality to consider. I have a hard time following the data if I think the conclusion will lead you into down an immoral path. This might happen if there are collateral effects that are not enumerated in the data, but which I think are more important than the question at hand. It might also be that a to my mind irrelevant metric is used to support a thesis, like GDP determining the success of a civilisation.   The second problem is that you can always find some study to support your desired conclusion. It becomes more interesting when there are repeat studies and peer reviews to be found, because that's where you can begin to separate the wheat from the chaff.   "Één is geen", as we say in Dutch. "One is none".
"On these questions, partisan people with ideological capture do worse" - that latter part of that doesn't fit my definition of 'smarter', and it can only be rational to go with the herd mentality of your tribe if that isn't going to result in negative outcomes for society, and hence the tribe itself.
You just proved prejudice exists
I don't understand how smarter people would get the first person wrong. Seems absurd and untrue😮. I already dislike the title of the video and I won't watch 10 minutes more only to be misled by another clickbaiting dumb unethical YouTuber
Trippy stuff as always. Seems like a pretty big issue these days is the trust or lack of trust in sources and institutions. Like, "This study definitively and scientifically proves X", but who performed the study, who paid for/funded it and/or who or what interest groups are upstream from the study? I know that's not really the point here but kind of a secondary consideration of some of the underlying issues and polarization.   But yeah, I hope a lot of the divide is just growing pains in our response/the adaptation to the existence of social media - like we're having spats and tribal issues that we've always had but they've just been amplified by social media and once we become used to hearing everyone's opinions blasted 24/7, maybe things will settle down. I can only imagine how chaotic things would have been in, say, the 19th and/or early 20th century (or really any other time in history) had social media existed then.  It _is_ kind of wild to me though, to think that probably 90%+ of people have almost identical lives, desires and interests and care about and want the exact same things but have differing solutions to bring those things about and have _relatively_ minor disagreements on other issues and it's those few differences, as opposed to the multitude of similarities, that are highlighted and focused on. I think it's more likely than not that a lot of political adversaries who think the worst of each other could probably be good friends if they focused on similarities and things that bring them together.  It seems to me like a little compromise could go a long way. Both sides get some of what they want, neither side gets everything exactly how they want it, both sides have to accept minor losses/concessions to their ideal goals and have to live with a small degree of disappointment but both sides get some of what they want and are mostly happy with and accepting of the results. It's all easier said than done though. It's like Pandora's Box has been opened and we have to find a way to close it.
I think having a 2 party (basically) system is a huge part of the problem. We treat political parties like sports teams. It's very divisive. How about no parties? Just different stances on different issues.
Wow I got all of these wrong, I must be realy inteleginant
I am not sure with the conclusion here.  Yes. the loss of accuracy is higher for higher numeracy participants.   But what does it mean by loss of accuracy? the data still show participants with higher have higher accuracy,at least for republican and non significant for democrat.  But you claim higher numeracy people will more likely to be wrong. That is not the claim, no?
This seems in line with the Type 1 Type 2 thinking (Bat and Ball cost 1.05, and ball cost 10 cents more then bat, how much is the bat?), where it appears that politics make normally methodical people go with the intuitive thinking. I wonder if changing the font / making it harder to read would have any effect?
More the smartness, greater your dumbness?
I think the US is more divided than other democracies. And it might have something to do with the way elections are structured. By the end there are only two remaining candidates and only one can win the elections. This inevitably splits the country in half as people who might not have that much in common initially are forced to band together to fight this perceived greater evil. It's all or nothing, win or lose, and the nuance is completely lost. Whereas in European countries, a set number of seats are distributed amongst all the leading parties. And they'll have to form a coalition that represents more than half the voters if they want to rule. Suddenly voters have more options, they don't have to pick the lesser of two evils. It's a system that I think sucks ever so slightly less.
bruh this is so dumb
I mean, at least Veritasium didn't gaslight us about the vax in this episode. A step in the right direction I guess
C'mon smart people got this right, especially from Computer Science
I would be sceptical of any study that someone shoves in my face on the street, as there are so many flawed studies out there and you can cherrypick anything you need to proove your point. I would even question the hand cream one, as pharma is not exactly known for their honesty.
I'm not American, but way back in the 80's when I've been a keen firearm enthusiast,  I acquired a Ruger 357 magnum revolver, and with it came a bumper sticker stating "If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns".. This is logic, doesn't matter which side of the political spectrum you're on.
Loved the Trump lady who admitted that meetings of Democrats sounded "just like my side". Genuinely open minded.
Please make video on poor vs rich.
I think this is one of the most impactful videos that may trigger self reflection in the viewers, but I wonder if its release was a little too late..
This explains Elon Musk's behaviour and polarization.
Damn, I'll check my biases more closely now. Thanks.
(fully aware of the irony) A person's political belief is an idea about objective reality. It may not correspond to reality, but he holds it for *some* reason.  To write off that reason as tribalism is, itself, an incurious (tribal?)  dismissal.  When the study challenges people with a counterfactual, causing us to imagine a hypothetical future where our liberty is restricted, something marvelous happens: we start doing science.  We have *some* justified belief in our beliefs, so we begin poking holes in the argument, looking for hidden variables and x-factors.  I've run the FBI's Uniform Crime Report through Excel to find any correlation, and I couldn't.  I would argue with both gun control posters -- but one more than the other, because of the real (not academic) implications.    The observable may be socio-political, but I sincerely believe (sic) that not wanting to be controlled is personal.    The "tribal" explanation is glib, and misses that we always conceptualize politics in terms of controlling other people.  If only we had such low regard for the people we elect. (It's tomorrow. Abstain, I say: we always win by a landslide.)  A friend once proposed negative liberty: the idea that bills criminalizing X or mandating Y should require a trial, with the threat of serious punishment for malfeasance.
How smart is the person who does not get this realy? OMG how low did we get?
Tbh, the first question itself seems kinda flawed to me, because from given numbers the ratio isn't even the same. There should've been a fixed sample size for both people who used and people who didn't, let's say 500 people used cream and 500 didn't and then the improved or worsen data should've been collected. Because what I understand is that, people who have improved from cream are more than twice and who got worse are more than thrice, that means people with cream got worse. But in order to collect data there weren't any fixed no. of people, so I don't know whether that would be correct or not 😬
😠The black background flickering is so annoying! thanks for the content😃
"Rash Improved" means "Rash Reduced"? 😂  I think the ambiguous terms definitely corrupted the results making the research unreliable..
average vs smart: "wow i guess the numbers say im wrong" "Cant let this little dousey get out!"
Truly keeping an open mind is a chore. I remember how I tried to not run with one camp during the pandemic. My country faced a bitter divide (as did all other countries), but apart of the very extremes, there was nuance in many subtopics. There were scientists who didn't agree, but had data to back their point of view. I tried to keep an open mind. But pretty much nobody around me did. It got incredibly tedious to keep fighting against the pressure from both sides and stay open. And I suspect that my 'middle ground position' ultimately was just another dogmatic view in the end, even if it turned out to be 'true' in the end. (Just to make sure this can be understood, I'll say: My position was, for example, that vaccines are good and helpful, but not the ultimate carefree solution they were sold as at the beginning. And sometimes not applicable for some people, even. I didn't participate in shaming people for staying unvaxed, even though I firmly believe that it was an important factor in getting past this pandemic. I also didn't participate in anti-vax conspiracy theories and rethoric, because that felt like pretty bogus to me.)  I think, the tribal element ist huge and our minds are hellbent on making up ultimate truths. Science has become a dogmatic religion for many people by this point. It's not the be-all, end-all solution it theoretically should be, if the scientific process is applied, because that simply doesn't happen too many times.
"Coordinated action needed to face sea-level rise". I'm wondering for how long you can avoid the elephant in the room, though. Because if you will only focus on dealing with the consequences and not try to take away the root cause, you'll be making it very difficult to succeed. If you're deciding together to build higher dikes but at the same time someone high-up decides to open another 10 coal-burning power plants, you'll get nowhere. So at some point you'll have to face what is causing your problem, and then you're immediately in the political arena again.
I have problems with this (video): You have a point but I feel like, I disagree, because there's so much context that isn't talked about but is very important for that conclusion. It would be impossible to put it all in one video, but still, I think your conclusion hasn't enough data to support itself. 1. The "correct" answer isn't even the real correct answer, just correct by the arbitrary numbers. People probably don't have an opinion on rash and creams but often have opinions about political things. So this "new evidence" that is even fake in this case confronts their opinion that maybe has some backup and people just try to bring that "new evidence" together with their world view. It would be stupid to come to a new conclusion based on these numbers alone and ignoring all other prior experiences. Especially on political topics it's likely numbers are biased. 2. Post hoc ergo propter hoc: The conclusion isn't even that logical. You could argue statistically every other influence flattens out so if crime rates statistically consistently change in one direction after implementing another policy, that it's because of that. That's kindof true, if the point of time of implementation in different places was independent from each other, maybe stretched out over 10 years, so that general movements in society can be neglected. But also we have a complex system here. Rashes and creams are biology and chemistry (I suppose), implemented policies is ecological. If you change one thing it can cause a cascade of things, because society has many feedback loops. Looking how it changed "after" is very imprecise in that case. And also while the sample size isn't that big (223+75+107+21=426) and crime probably is pretty self similar meaning different crimes partly aren't independent from each other, I think your "right" conclusion isn't that logical from these numbers. 3. There are statistical factors that probably bias the world view of people of different political sides. Democrats more often live in cities, Conservatives on the land. On the land police doesn't play that much of a role as in cities as people more likely solve conflicts on their own. If there is an intruder, the police takes longer so you know you can't really count on it. Being able to defend yourself is likely the better choice there. For cities it's more like opposite. So it's no wonder people categorize these numbers differently. 4. Why do the graphs start at 25% for 0 numerical skill. If these people can't deal with numbers, they would be like 50/50. Or atleast, if they are biased, the numbers for right answers in opposite cases would add up to about 100%. A little sus  All in all my problem is the implicit assumptions. That there is one logical conclusion from these numbers. That these numbers ought to be looked at as facts, even though they could be strongly biased in a real scenario. That number of crimes is the (only) relevant measurement for assertion of policies and the (only) relevant basis for political opinion.  I like your conclusion at the end though. We should also look forward an solve real problems and not only leave ourselves discussing about numbers.
Could there be an issue, where the people in power stand to gain from polarization, and are therefore encouraging it? The different leaders, (political, cultural, spiritual, economical, you name it) are not on different teams. They are all on one team, and we are on the other. Don't let them divide us!
The way I see it is “smarter” people know how to bend the truth to fit their will or beliefs by misleading others with false logic and reasoning. They didn’t get the answer wrong, they deceptively ignored the right answer and mislead others into thinking that the wrong answer (the one that aligns with their beliefs) is the right one. That’s why people like Ben Shapiro are so dangerous.
super awesome, thank you for making this
i don't understand, yet i liked
Is this also as big of an issue in less polarized regions? has this research been done in places that are not the USA?
Since I was a kid I struggled with tribes. The guys on the left called me fascist and the guys on the right called me communist. I was neither. I run but I don't consider myself a member of the running tribe, in fact, I think most of that tribe behaviors are nonsensical. I'm plant-based but I find the vegan tribe to be like a cult most of the time and I tend to reject most of their arguments.  There's been a flood where I live and plenty of victims. My view on this was that politicians were to blame for the high casualties but then I watched a scientific video that explained how there was not much room for prevention because this was a storm that happens once in a lifetime.  After watching that video I'm more balanced on my view, even though I still believe that the situation could have been handled much better by the government.   It would be interesting to see a research on people who feel like me and that don't fit in any tribe, that don't use flags, banners or symbols to show their adherence to a specific tribe
Liberals are too violent. Even my mom is violent to me for being independent. Yall act like children over politics. I’m not surprised by the turnout. Even famous liberals are ostracized and now vote right (Rogan, etc)
I'm not worried that most of Trump's supporters are totalitarians, I'm worried he is. That's not because I'm a democrat - which I'm really not, I'm actually German. I'm worried about him wanting to dismantle democracy because he said so, quite often, in many different ways. And I'm especially worried about that because us Germans have a history with a guy who enacted just the policies that he said he would, and who wasn't taken seriously enough beforehand in his incredible hatred. Please vote Harris, you guys. Not because she is a good candidate, but because he is way worse - and you have a responsibility to the rest of the world to prevent another term of Trump destabilising global politics.
meh 😒
people will be always irrational and biased. thus democracy in it's current implementation has no sense, and even is damaging. what we have now is ochlocracy.
This study failed to replicate, Exposed by Community Notes on X
Wait… liberal cities have the worst gun crimes and strongest gun controls…. I don’t finish the video.,. But I hope veritasium isn’t exposing a mental flaw of a bias and do t see it (cognitive bias)… I hope not.
Is video saying vaseline is not saving us from skin scales?  Harris-Walz signs everwhere in the video.
Man, I'm so glad I'm right about everything
Without the ability to ask questions while watching the video, I made the assumption that the experimental and control group are of the same size, and that there's a group of people whose rashes didn't get better or worse. In that case, would it be wrong to say that the cream works?
Bro what a video one of the best education video on youtube.
Introducing random bias to a more correct system has bigger impact than introducing it to a more noisy system.
The fact that I had the urge to click away from this video made me realize I had to finish watching it. Kruzgesagt did a similar video to this one that I think could be a good companion piece, as well as Smarter Every Day's video series on misinformation. No matter where we are on political spectrum, we're all vulnerable to propaganda and irrational thinking.
There is no wrong/right or good/evil side here. Can people not actually see that? It's the similarity between both sides when they claim they've made up their mind based on facts that proves it. If that were true there'd be just one party. It means there's a problem on both sides when it comes to how facts are published or trusted, because each side seems to either trust one set of facts, or have not have heard of others. It also means people base themselves on feelings a lot more than they can admit to themselves. That's where the conversation should start, before going into any heated debates.
Misleading headline, but yes, political affiliation seems to correlate with psychological flexibility.
Constructive arguments and solutions doesn’t sound like anything most people are capable of, otherwise no one would vote for Trump. As a non American, that there are so many people even consider voting for him, just confirms the outside view the world has of Americans of being very uninformed, ignorant and not acting rational.
What I want to know is why the lowest numeracy scores are consistently more accurate than the mid-range numeracy scores.
Really ,Not making sense  Cooked 👇
08:35 clearly shows the problem. Researcher admits the data is completely made up...subject continues to blather on about "the playing field seems pretty even here", clearly demonstrating he is no longer listening. He just feels threatened by data he doesn't like, so he mistrusts the source saying he'd have to check his own sources, then because the shutters have already come down, doesn't listen to his "opponent" when he admits to the data being entirely false...which if course in any normal situation would be a critical point in the debate.
As part of the solution, how about separating your identity from a political party.
I don’t think that this is people unable to do math, this is just people not wanting to give up their opinion. If someone came up with a math problem leading to the answer “global warming isn’t real”, I probably wouldn’t solve it, because it feels like someone’s crazy gotcha video
I have just confirmed that I am dumb. In the skin cream question, I first calculated the percentages ( duh), but then I also considered that some data was missing. There most certainly would have been a third variable, which was No Change in the rash. Only an idiot like me would think about this 😢.
Fascinating. I didn't know all those criminal gangs were legal _boomstick_ owners and can be dealt with using _boomstick_ control.
Its simple ratio.
Two-party system did a number on the Americans. They think they have to be for or against every idea. No space for nuance opinions.
Really love this video and I hope that as many people as possible can watch this and try to understand their own biases and how the side effects of tribalism are now much more prevalent than they we're in the past so that we can move towards a better future.
Unstoppable ads = do not recommend channel.  Keep that in mind.
I feel that this effect is already well described by Daniel Kahneman in his book "Thinking, Fast and Slow". Anyone who finds the video interesting will be fascinated by Kahneman's deep dive into the frailty of rationality.
You know, one other possible bad solution would be apathy towards politics entirely... If you took out the elevated emotions that's driving the irrational thinking, they should, in theory, be more open towards a conflicting ideas they believe.
Keep the experimental and test groups number same. Duuh.
I don't like the "Crime improved" label, should've been crime decreased. Or "more/less crime".
Some people tend to answer questions due to relevancy, rather than for what the interviewer asks. Taking into account guns control is much more relevant than a random mathematical problem, these people will tell the truth about guns control only, specially when numeracy gets high --as that probably means they have better logical reasoning and social skills. I myself would have given the same answer.  To be clear, numeracy isn't the same as technical ability. Being better at numeracy doesn't make any difference in you if you cannot express it without social skills. And technical ability doesn't apply here, because it helps you in handwork, not in giving an answer to a problem.  Note that numeracy doesn't change the result in right-wing people. They just get confused by what they believe.
On a presuppositional level, both sides must be committed to truth over tribalism. But in a post-modern world where relativism reigns supreme e.g., a fetus is a human being worthy of life IF the mother wants to keep the baby, but a collection of cells easily discarded IF it's inconvenient to her, or that your gender is somehow fundamentally distinct from your sex instead of anchored to it for 99.99% of people (allowing for intersex to have a legitimate case), etc.   Then there is schema and semantics of language so that we must avoid loaded terms, and the terms we do use need to be defined, then distinguished (what we are saying vs. not saying), only then can we even have a discussion. We need the wheel of reason! But even then, people see the world differently so a single issue is not going to change their mind. Hence, we need to know about worldview and the lens through which a person interprets the world. A Christian worldview, a Muslim worldview, a Conservative worldview, and a liberal worldview, lead to different conclusions. Worldviews overlap and conflict. We are pretty complex people.  Not to mention logical fallacies from reasoning and deeper emotional commitments.   It's actually a wonder we get anything done at all!
Why you don't add other Audio track  I can do it both Hindi for INDIA and Bangla for Bangladesh and West Bengal
One side of our government created Steele dossier, thank elon.
I think the results of the second scenario here come from a simple fact that stupid people simply get the right answer by accident. Bigger number better = win.
Basically we are sheeps
The first question itself is wrong. People will assume the 2 groups have the same number of people.   When there is a same number of people, cream has 100% improvement over other group.  What is worse about this selected fictional study is skin products can make things worse for some people even if it works for others.   Like shampoo for dry skin against oily ones. If you use the wrong one, whatever your problem, it will be worse. That does not mean the shampoo does not work.  Edit: Ok sorry, did not realize this was a political video in the day of elections to try to sway away Democrat votes to Liberals with some cheap brainwashing techniques. Like showing liberals better on a graphic just to show them there, or show MAGA hats more when talking something negative.  Shame on you, Veritasium.
I got it right. Are you saying I'm stupid??
You really based your video on a paper that didn't pass peer review?
Even chatgpt struggled with this 😂
Of course, masses are biased, irrational and like-minded. It's always clear to me how mierable you people are because of that.
For the first one I just calculated the relative risk - is that cheating?
But smart People did better, not worse!
Sounds to me like we as a species are abuot to win the Darwin award pretty soon...
10:17 The use of the word 'scary' in this context is, in and of itself, scary.
But isn't the problem with the made up gun control study that there are maybe people who actually have already heard this and that about the effects of gun control. And they will be severely confused by the data you have shown.
Pre-answer answer: It depends on how you're defining which numbers are included and what constitutes "doing better"  Purely by number, the cream improved the most people even if you count all other parts combined (223 vs. 203). By ratio of just the cream users, it's nearly a 4-to-1 in favor of the cream doing better over worsening In comparison to improvements in both categories, the cream did better 2-to-1 In a ratio comparison, the lack of cream did better than with cream by having just over a 5-to-1 ratio compared to with cream's 4-to-1 If you look at it through raw helping numbers (aka number of people helped vs. number not helped without ratio-ing it), the cream users did have a lot of help but also a lot who also had it get worse, while the control didn't get the same numbers but also had significantly less people who had worsened rashes  It seems by most metrics the cream did better by raw numbers and I think you could reasonably extrapolate it'd do better than no cream in the long run, but based solely on the experiment you might be more likely to recover on your own than without the cream.  edit: Sorry, 3-1 for the cream better-to-worse ratio.
I once was in fantastic a talk by Dan Kahan. He showed his research and for some reason his example where a bit more often showing a stronger effect in the right then the left, although all the time he stressed that other examples showed that the left was just as susceptible and went on to show one example overblown fear for GMO and Nuclear. At the end at the Q&A a lady asked:"why are right wingers so much more likely to have false believes?" it was the local chair of the the Greens.... Turned out she wasn't the only one several of the audience members I spoke with after thought that Dan Kahan's talk was basically saying right wingers are dumber (this UK where that really was not the case, not smarter either). I asked Dan if his talk was another one of his experiments, it wasn't, but he seen this all the time....
This is why I don’t fw politics, it’s extremely hard to find people who are genuinely open minded, people who don’t just spew what their party tells them and block out any other lines of reasoning. Both sides do this equally and as someone in the middle of the political spectrum it’s exhausting to navigate when talking to friends, family, etc because for some reason if you don’t agree with them on a policy you are basically insulting their entire bloodline
I mean this is because the believed it before hand.  If you showed me a study that the earth is flat no matter what the study showed I wouldn't believe it.
The actual DK effect.
This is natural and expected. People will only believe what they wanted to believe, never the facts or numbers.
There is actually a very easy solution. Get rid of republican and democrat labels and make people run for office on their name instead of the stupid R or D next to their name.
It's a misleading titled video
The point you left out is that most studies are created to show a certain point and thus you should ask who made the study, who funded it, especially for political topics. Smarter people know that.
Wait, what? Bias makes it hard for people to see the correct answer...?  wow.. such science.  Much research.. 🌈the more you know 🌈  👏👏👏  Why would this surprise anyone? bias clouds judgement 😱
Soooooo Typical popscience video, clickbaity title. Quickly replacing smart with "numeracy", as if intelligence and math skills are OBVIOUSLY the same thing Then again he is a physicist, so that checks out  Derek really needs a psychologist on his team to explaing terms like "intelligence" to him
What about groups in the studies that had „no change“??
I can think of a few dozen  ways to use this research to control a certain group of people's opinion and beliefs. and it scares me
true title of video: you all have political brainrot.   as for non american its fascinating how people in the video begin to explain things they even not been asked to and even not think about numbers.
Gotta say, as a scientist and a lover of science communication, I find your take on anthropogenic global warming to be rather hideous. Calling climate change "partisan rhetoric", might as well give up on effective science communication then. Climate change is already a compromise term because the right has completely decontextualized and demonized the term global warming. Secondly, partisanship on the issue of climate change does not come out of a tribalistic vacuum, but a specific set of media environment and societal conditioning in the anglo-sphere, and it comes along with a wholesale denial of well decided scientific concensus. And while local action is good, the wider context of climate change is just as important because we can't beat climate change without understanding the man made context. Derek, what you are asking for is a wholesale neutering of effective science communication.
8:46 stupid person reporting back just to recognize the chick in the sports bra looking shirt. I’m still confused about the video but I know I’m right about appreciating that cleavage
There is a major flaw here. "A cream" does not involve the person's own knowledge. I.e. the data is self-contained. But gun control has been researched for decades so people would have knowledge and data that is outside of the 4 numbers, thus discrediting them.
I'm totally confused now. I used the chi^2 test and it showed a somewhat too big of the p-value of 6.3% indicating that the numbers in the table could be a result of a random process (in 6.3% of the cases), suggesting that the cream kinda doesn't do much?
WORSHIP THE CREATOR NOT HIS CREATION ⚠️SAY, YOUR CREATOR IS ONLY ONE. HE IS SELF-SUFFICIENT. HE BEGOT NOT NOR HE BEGOTTEN. THERE IS NOTHING LIKE TO HIM. QURAN 112 ❤️
Click baity but ok…
So, doing studies to improve political decision isn't the solution?... The humans are
Surprised to see “climate change” as a political issue here. It’s a scientific theory that has been studied over a hundred years. We can observe it happening on other planets and in our own planets’ history. That part is not controversial. We can now see it happening in near-realtime because humans are sending several greenhouse gasses into the air in high numbers. That’s also not controversial (although some people like to make you believe it is). The thing that’s controversial is: do we want to do something about it?
this has nothing to do with IQ. it has to do with your knowledge of statistical modeling, and your risk reward analysis.    you are asking the wrong question. it is not A or B. it is A or not A, then B or not B  presuming the sample size is 300 the lowest possible round number and study like round numbers. as are not give the sample size the standard is to have them both the same (and 300 is too low to get a statistically significant response, but works for this).  so the question would be "what present improved..." with cream = 74.33% without cream = 35.66%  and "what present worsened..." with cream = 25% without cream = 7%  then the risk reward analysis. do you care more about getting better or not getting worse. it you current level of rash is acceptable do not take the cream. if you current level of rash is not acceptable take the cream.   i would expect you are considering the cream because the rash is not acceptable. so, the cream makes it better more often.   if you assume 100% had a reaction in both cases  with cream hardly changes but, without cream changes to  improved = 83.59% worsened = 16.64% it would always be better not to take the cream  the gun example is not the same as the cream example. there are way more confounding factors with the gun example.
So I'm gonna be arrogant here and say that I actually am less biased than most people. I have left my political tribe due to inconsistencies in their logic. I have been taught to question everything, especially myself and follow that standard. I have been taught that the scientific method requires trying to disprove your hypothesis and I have been doing exactly that. Often times successfully, meaning I had to change my belief.
Ya but if you are a white male you are always wrong so thats cool.
I love the fact that this has been covered I really wish it was more in-depth cause it has made me think more. But I do wonder, how do we solve problems like climate change, if its considered buzz word and can't be used in campaigning etc?
I wonder how much of this is a built in tendency toward Bayes Theorem.
Just be apolitical
"If we question the status quo by rejecting what those around us accept as true, we jeopardize our place in society."  Man that kinds hits hard
Avoid the buzz words “gun control” or “climate change” and focus on specific local policies??? “Gun laws” is a buzz word. No way to propose policies that won’t get 2A pushback. Plus, local laws are practically meaningless for addressing either problem. That’s like pretending that a gun free building will reduce gun violence. Maybe it makes a tiny difference, but major change is only possible when we’re taking larger collective action.
4:58  Here my pro-2A radical leftist ass to ruin the parameters of the study.
This first made up example is to stupid.  If you have made two groups, then they should be similar in number. Why does one have 298 people and the other only 128?
3:01 stupid boomer
Sorry but "smarter" doesn't mean "smart". That's why they get the answers wrong.
7:50 "illegal crime" 😂 What type of crime is _legal_ crime?
9:28 what is use if this image here
gonna sound dumb, but i totally 100% understood the cream thing, but as soon as the symbols were guns i was like "wait how do i do this again?!?!"  suddenly i WAS actually thinking about more than just data and results, there was believe systems and NEEDING an answer and i would not have been able to look at the gun question as easily as the cream one
Intelligent people can convince themselves of anything
6:00 This comment is terrifying... Some Americans talk about guns like Gollum talks about his ring. They don't realise that if guns are removed the criminals will also have a harder time acquiring them like in the vast majority of the Western World.
You see the same phenomenon when talking to both sides of the creation/evolution discussion as well.
As a stupid person, I can tell you with confidence that I did not understand any of this. So do with that what you will. Good day
I'm dummer than dummer...I didn't understand the question... that's why I hate every politician...I guess
I have to let the graph at 8:02 sit for a second. I know this is a story about political bias blinding us and democrats are not exempt but nowhere is the result so shocking to me as here, where apparently three quarters of intelligent republicans are blind to climate change. It's an astonishing amount of political bias.
Oh can I ask where the graph is for more immigration and crime. You shown a graph with Republican talking point with biases. Where is the graph with democratic talking point with biases.
The study and the table are flawed by a lack of information. The study was designed to produce a result, not disprove a theory, which just goes to show that true science is dead and being replaced with partisan political beliefs.
The more you know, the more you know that you don't know.
Vaccines next?
Interesting...just one flaw; is democracy really based on logic and reason? Are we all like Spock? Maybe not...
10:52 seriously? Don't talk about climate change?!
OH NO HES TALKING ABOUT POLITICS
9:29 why is there a stock footage of some crowd in India? so random??
It just confirms what I believe (there's that word again) sets humans apart from other animals: our ability to believe something, even though data refutes that belief.  So all this fact-checking and campaigns against so-called 'misinformation' are completely pointless, because we choose belief over evidence. We should stop wasting time on things that don't work, and have some serious thought and research about how to deal with this human behaviour.  Although, if and when we do find an answer, convincing everybody will be a tall order.
I will write my answer before watching ahead The cream has no effect, (The no cream group has a significant number of people who experience no change, a table for that should be listed) We could theoretically simplify the study for the most quick explanation of how I reached my conclusion  Cream group - 2 people improved rashes, 1 person worsened (assuming there were none with no effect as it is not stated) Control group - 1 person improved, 2 had no effect  In this it becomes obvious that the cream has no effect as the improvement of 1 is natural, the extra improvement is counteracted as well
In short:  people lie when it supports their goals.  The high numeracy people dont care about the truth and the low ones didnt get it in the first place.
The solutions section of the video offers nice ideas, but the problem is that there is one segment of the country to which facts are meaningless, and another segment of the country that is naively and unrealistically optimistic. How do you ‘just deal with the facts instead of politicizing things’ when science itself has been politicized by people whose ideals are threatened by it? I don’t have an answer, I just think there’s a more fundamental problem with dealing with reality here than ‘don’t politicize things.’
this data itself a manipulative data.
smart is not the same as wisdom
an example that isn't so obviously wrong would be better
The results showed that people's numeracy was NOT relevant when it came to confrontational questions. Plotting the numeracy against the "loss of accuracy" is just rubbish, because we already know that the numeracy corresponds to the accuracy in the non-confrontational case. It's just what accuracy was there to be lost. So why did Derek put this out in such a misleading form?
Is Veritas slowly discovering the principle that to stay ion power a government has to divide people? This is something that has been known for millennia my friend! The state is not the people it's group of people separate from the rest of the country who has its own interests, and its own interests are served by keeping the people divided  between camps so they are fighting each other rather than fighting the state.  Divide et impera!
The amount of people that are infinitely more numerate than me but have opinions based on their political side is infuriating
Very clever video title. Took me a while to get it.
Calling the bigger number the intuitive answer sounds counterintuitive to me
The study this video is based on has never replicated
Bro's 41 and named Derek and he's a legend.
But creative writing/ Thinking needs your past and pre- existed opinions instead of thinking what's right or try be rational  If you don't have bias of understanding this video then how could you explain someone with the same terminology you have used ? In my opinion we need both bias and creative thinking 🤔  Your apporch to this problem is similar to people identifying themselves far centered and right centered instead of right ( Conservative) and Let ( democrat )   The problem is this universe isn't perfect our communication or language isn't perfect you know what is perfect ? Our souls we need empathy to understand them in the imperfect conversation
Well that's a good demonstration that "trust the experts" is a bad idea when you put the experts on the government payroll, because that becomes a political subject.
I love your channel
What a perfect night to post this. It’s more important for our future to be open minded and still be friends at the end of the day, than what elephant or donkey gets elected this cycle. Stop allowing them to divide and conquer
I thought that was Doctor Strange in the thumbnail.
Actually, those who got it wrong are stupid people who think themselves been smart.
The choice of words as important as they are, are very bad in the study.  Crime improve should be crime decrease.  Rash improved should be health improve or rash decrease.  Really built on ambiguity.
I stopped watching when you mentioned the word politics
I got that. Maybe because i knew it was supposed to be a twist or maybe Im just dumb.
the problem of accepting statistics from studies as proof of reality is not in thinking rationally ,but in the fact that studies are untrustworthy . you can design a study to say whatever you want it to say . so if a study contradicts what you see in your life ,it is more than rational to question its legitimacy. to be honest the only studies i take at face value are those that cant possibly have any political or financial gain for nobody.
With the cream everything is clear: we have a group of people, and among them we have those where rash improved or not. But... we cannot do the same with the crime: it has either to improve or not. How it can simultaneously be improved and not?
It would be good to compare the results in America compared to other countries
Tilt half full glass of water, ask a woman how full it is now
Delulu unfortunately for most people is the Solulu. It’s so sad.
The timing of this video drop is absolutely the best in the history of Veritasium. Hahaha, we are in it for a wild f*cking ride tomorrow!!
We keep hearing in the news that inflation is going down, say from 5% to 3% and that things are getting better. That’s not true. The RATE of inflation is slowing, but prices are still going up. That’s on top of inflation having skyrocketed up to 9%. The media thinks that we can’t think rationally. They expect many people to have short term memories and believe whatever they hear. They claim Inflation is going down so things are getting better. Absolutely not. They’re ignoring the accumulation factor. For example, if a house has been engulfed in flames such that the whole place is charred and the fire begins to slow down and eventually smolders and then stops, one could say the house fire is getting better because it’s going down. No, the damage has already been done and it’s only destroying the house at a slower pace now. We need to look at the full picture. We can’t just take numbers and the way they’re presented at face value. There’s oftentimes gaslighting going on.
"Humans are social creatures" Me 🙄🙄
So, if you get it right - congratulations! - you dumb-dumb. But if you smart you'll get it wrong... you dumb-dumb 😅
tl;dw Bias
Well, if political framing of a numerical riddle changes the accuracy of your answer, that's the hint that your numeracy scores are distorted in the first place.
People are easily manipulated.   That's why I don't like going with the crowd.  Block out the noise and think without bios.
Basically politics makes everyone stupid
May be too many fictious studies is what making Americans dont trust anyone 😀. On a serious note, 10:58, focussing on topics from "local impact" point of view makes it easier for smaller group of people to realize; however not necessarily influence the actions; also most of locally visible topics are not really local from solutions point of view?
If you want to cure humanity of this sickness you will need to know where in the brain to look for its root cause.  It comes from the claustrum, or more colloquially the Ego Center (no, not the mystical spiritual “ego”—that’s not real). The ego center is responsible for all opinions, all boundaries we draw between each other, all selfishness, etc.  Tribalism can’t exist without the ego center, nor can inequality, wealth gaps, racism, classism, corruption, and literally all things humans consider negative traits.  All of these things build off a single foundational function: Bias.  The ego center’s job is to create bias, and it has been rewarded evolutionarily by helping creatures with a stronger self-bias to push others aside and reproduce more often. Evolution has turned us into disgusting selfish creatures, which may have been useful in the distant past, but these days it only gets in the way of living as a large social group.  One person’s ego allows him to damage the progress of millions of others for his own gain.  The cure for this—and literally all human-caused ailments of our species—is species-wide ego death.  Now we only need to figure out the “How.”
Politicians and big business know this. If the facts about something don’t favour your position, make it political! Good video.
I must be dumb because this was so easy
On the first question I thought “making the rash better, does he mean that the cream benefitted the rash itself, making it more apparent?” I think this kind of stuff through, waaaay too much.
In the rash question were there any results where the condition did not change ?
Ah I just compared the ratios of the numbers and still got it wrong lols
Maths. If you want to stay in Australia... You're going to have to start getting it right.
i think all that really tells you is that Americans are primed for irrationality when it comes to politicised topics, and that maybe the education that the numeracy test used is relevant to doesn't include the necessary kind of evaluative skills
Veritasium: A study on skin cream is “apolitical”  USA: hold my beer.
Unfortunately this open minded and egalitarian level headed approach is very much associated into the liberal/left side anyway because they are a lot more inherently capable of self-reflection. I know Derek's politics already anyway so it's no surprise.
This is basically a research on how easily people are triggered by any of the dividing topics, to the extent of shutting down their brain entirely
the 2-party duopoly, along with other establishment institutions like corporate news media, reinforce this tribalism everyday. worse... they're fully incentivised to keep polarising the people, because it distracts the electorate from the real issues which the uniparty's big money donors exploit for profit.  the solution needs to go beyond suggestions for individuals to "take responsibility" for their own freethought... the _entire system_ has to change. the question is: how?
It would have been nice if you had mentioned the impact of voting systems on polarization, and how polarization can be decreased with a switch to proportional representation voting systems.
It's also interesting how hard it is to shield yourself. Whenever I hear something that perfectly fits my worldview I tend to get suspicious and try and do research. But even then I will occasionally be talking with non like-minded friends and bring up something that I heard and took as fact and they will point out either spin, partial truths, or outright Fabrications in what I believed.
This is why i don't base my views on a party. and rather I base them on facts. as much as i can. Both parties are war criminals. Both keep dropping bombs. I'm against both sides of the same war machine. The system was built to aide the rich, and keep them in power. So i'm gonna keep playing video games.
Thanks for making this video - the world needs more careful, measured, scientific thinking. Showing us how bad we are at rational thinking definitely helps us avoid getting entrenched, and question our logic.
I shouldn't be too surprised but it's still really depressing to me that hearing so much as a term even slightly related to politics suddenly makes us unreasonable thinkers, even if we're told the numbers we analyze are completely made up. On the one hand, I do recognize the strategy of shying away from politically sounding terms just to get important stuff done, I often use it myself when just talking to people. But on the other hand, that's basically just "legalizing" denialism. It really shows how damaging to basic integrity, both individual and collective, political talk is
Why would a study have a sample ratio mismatch like that?
😵
I think the reality, is that it goes far deeper than just our humanity. I believe that since evolution prioritizes survivability over everything, then being in a group (even as bacteria) is locked into our dna. I honestly do not think this can be undone or changed. We would be better to embrace it, and accept we have different tribes - like sport. It is the same issue. Every team is a tribe, as is many other belief and even fact based systems - astronomy and the "groups" of how the big bang was formed, particle physics people with their own tribes on symmetry (or not), religious beliefs, even car lovers they have their tribes too - Ford, GM, and so on. I think it is a core prerequisite for us, and all of living things, to have this built in. Without it. Individuals go no where. As much as we think or want  otherwise.
I'm surprised you didn't notice that in all question the right answer is the opposite of that you and researchers assumed as correct. If our goal is to have, on average, less rush or less crime, then what matters is the absolute number of either rather than the change in ratios. 223-75=148 and 107-21=96. And, wait for it, 148 is higher than 96!  The question is - are people who can't understand the obvious really qualified to label others as smart or dumb?
My dumbass: I bet I’m so smart I can get them all right….. wait wouldn’t that make me stupid? But if I’m stupid I’m smart?
So, "Book smart" people want to be right because "I'm smart, I must be right", and "dumber" people don't care enough to be right at any cost and actually stop to think?  Yeah, checks out.  Also, "I'm open minded. If something is a fact, I'd have to take it as true and change my opinions." Then most people just go and say "Well, that fact is not true because I said so." Political polarization is not a problem to be solved. I mean it _is_ a problem, but it has no solution. For it to be resolved humanity itself would have to change, evolve out of it. So, maybe in 40/60,000 years or so.  Man. Never quite understood the whole tribe mentality. If humans are rational and social creatures then I must be a Martian reject or something...
The question, "did the skin cream make it better or make it worse"  Is worded to achieve the outcome you were looking for as it does not necessarily ask the subject to consider the data of not using the cream.  So how many would have looked just at that data?  Better would have been Is it better to use or not use the skin  cream if you want to improve your rash?  Communication as always is key and demographics should also be considered too.
TLDR: This shows that avoiding bias and appropriately using statistics is better than even the proportional estimates that people used since the real results of all those surveys could be considered inconclusive...  I made a confusion table of the data in a spreadsheet and got a type I error of 78% and type II error of 68%. Regardless of whether the survey was stated as for or against something, error rates that high show the study isn't very conclusive. If one is proportionally larger than the other, it's probably just a spurious coincidence rather than a real phenomenon.  I believe the numeracy value assigned to people represents their numerical intuition rather than quantitative reasoning skills. And just like how when people use their "fast brain" (according to Thinking Fast and Slow), they can get approximate but not certain results, high numeracy doesn't guarantee effective analysis ability.  As other people have mentioned in their comments, when someone lacks strong logical reasoning, they'll often shortcut the actually valid argument in order to get to their subjectively biased conclusion, falling to common fallacies. A better measurement of the population than this numeracy (number intuition) would probably be freedom from bias, since that ultimately seems to be the most powerful skill.
So don't use those cream.
Stupidity is not about making mistakes, it is about to insist on the mistaken path we are walking in. A smart person analyzes his/her pathway, mistakes, the lessons he/she learned, how to make up the results of his/her mistakes, how to solve the issue correctly with more accurate data and knowledge, how to start the process, and finally start that process, not just sit and nag
Derek just explained Reddit in a 14 minute video.
I see a grid of numbers, and I instantly think of doing a chi-squared test.
Me looking at literally all of these examples:  Correlation isn’t causation.   Also, god this is meta. I feel the effect of your numeracy on the answer could be put into the example table itself.
isn't this just like confirmation bias in a way
the issue is so bad that AI actually picks up the same tendency in similar scenarios
how i see it, the cream did not work in both situations. sure proportions show that it helped. but can we really say it is beneficial if it made 223 rashes worse?  assuming the study pool is equal, this would indicate that the cream is creating extremes. sure it is healing more in proportion, but it is also majorly increasing the ammount of people getting worse by aprox 100 people. could that really be called beneficial? in regards to the gun laws example, sure gun laws help by proportion, but the spike in gun crime also increased. (this is all relating to the second half of the question where the "bad"is a substantially higher number)
Me looking at literally all of these examples:  Correlation isn’t causation
The solution: RANK CHOICE VOTING!!!
Somehow this channel lost the concept of misconception first and then followed by correction … Which is a shame. I wonder why this happened.
Hold up, I don't think you understand the primary motivation behind "republican" right wing views on gun rights at 5:03. It's not to decrease crime, it's to defend oneself assuming crime will happen and to defend against a potential tyrannical government. If criminals are afraid and crime decreases, that's a beneficial side effect.
OK, I have been watching you for years, over a decade, but this, my friend, is genius. Well edited, well scripted, beautifully played. Five stars, sir.
Smart people are more self assured, so it makes sense they will more easily allow cognitive bias into their thinking.
In this video: setting the question up in a way specifically designed to fool people, fooled people. Shocking!
I find it really interesting that more educated people are more polarised than less educated people. It is the opposite of what I would intuitively expect.
A similar kind of results are seen from a survey where people were asked if they would support 'Affordable Care Act' or 'Obamacare'. Depending on how the question was worded, there was a partisan divide on what is essentially just synonyms. We are all animals not immune propaganda. Trust the data, data is god. "In God we trust. All others must bring data."
I appreciate the ending. People aren’t biased because they are dumb they are biased because they want to be together.
I thought it was going to be the smartest people overthinking with like Bayes' Theorem (which I tried but figured it didn't made sense) or something - but nope, just politics.
Most people don't realize we often use logical thinking to justify our feelings. We think we are being rational, but we are really just rationalizing.
ngl, I think this study actually misses the mark pretty badly.  for one, the non-partisan example was notably simpler than the political ones, for example: if presented with the crime rates increased after guns were banned, one could argue that increasing the scope of what is illegal could lead to the increase in crime. That's pretty logical, and the sort of argument a right wing person would likely already have loaded up. The fact that the gun statistics exist in a really complicated interconnect feedback system make it distinctly different from the skin cream.  Secondly, I actually think its really silly to attribute your politics to "An independent sober consideration of the facts" because it kind of implies... you believe in such a thing? Your political *positions* are motivated by your morality and philosophy, it's the *strategy* that depends on facts. I don't have scientific evidence for egalitarianism! I just have empathy for my fellow humans.. because I like em'. they're neat.  I cant really say I think the science types should stay out of politics, I am an engineer and I really like politics, I think its really interesting. But man do I feel like Veritasium is doing doing the science types dirty with this one, honestly comes off more conceited and philosophically illiterate than anything else. Especially the presupposition that polarization is inherently unjustified. If you want to jump domain, do it fully! These are not the takes of someone who's read up on the relevant soft sciences, they're the takes of someone who who thinks the humanities are beneath them. Terrible look.
very sad, very true
some people are saying that the paper didnt replicate
Just because one man says his number is bigger, doesn't make it correct. 😉
Americans trying to not use politics as their entire personality (impossible)
I see what you did there. I'm gonna be open minded about everything now!
If you think you're immune to this, think about (or look into, if it's new to you) the "airplane on a treadmill" debate.  There is no actual correct answer to this debate. It has two completely correct interpretations, and the original question is ambiguous enough to allow either to be true. However, anyone reading this who is familiar with the problem will be absolutely certain that they know the correct answer, and will likely be unable to see the other side. Everyone exposed to this problem quickly determines a solution, and becomes fixed in that solution forever.
The question is: "did the skin cream make the rash better or did it make it worse?" and then you conclude: "the cream, ON AVERAGE, made rashes worse". Well how about first you ask the right question, huh? How about you ask something like: "Did the skin cream, ON AVERAGE, IN PROPOETION TO NOT USING THE CREAM, make the rash better or worse?"  Man that pissed me off.
the smarter you are the more you manipulate yourself. the dumber you are the more you will be manipulated by others. Well...
Groups are different sizes, first group are 2.32 time larger, so I divided the numbers in first group by 2.32 and got 96 and 32 and then its comparable - first group 96 got better but in second 107 and 32 got worse in first group but 21 in second.
The base argument is that there is no rationality when ideology is being challenged.  And I'm still going to press X to doubt. If there were clear signs that my views or 'ideological beliefs' were wrong, I would accept that I was wrong. I actually do that a lot, even right here on YT. Sometimes, YT doesn't like that. Recently, I was made to appear to follow a certain extreme group based on what content this platform would allow me to post. It was interesting fighting the algorithm on that one.
I'm a non-partisan master debater. As an (insert adjective of your choosing) person, I believe we should vote for (person you don't like). And I'm using the weight of my being (same adjective) to sway you firmly held position, to convince you that I'm more knowledgeable on the matter than you are.  Can I get a rebuttal?
Very interesting
The american brainwashing is real wow
The problem with those questions is that the absolute numbers can matter more than the percentage change. And how the heck can crime increase and decrease at the same time? It's not how it works. The second question is designed incorrectly.
Confirmation bias and anti-cognitive-dissonance behavioral patterns is basically what this about. Reasoning that aligns with one’s rational is perceived as more logical by that person.
What about a demagogue?  What about religion?  The choice is stark... the choice is between an angry cult of personality and a rational debate.
Being good with numbers does not mean one is smart.  A calculator is good with numbers. So the test is inherently flawed in how it is described/presented.  If you voted for Kamala,  you're a self-destructive mor*n and directly or indirectly supporting racism among other regressive policies. You are directly fueling anti-progress and incongruously, are living in dream land while self-claiming wokeness.  You're a dangerous clown that the rest of us have to live with, cautiously. Educate yourself. Grow up. The easiest thing is often the wrong thing.  I dare you to try the more difficult paths in life. Taking the easy way out is a pathetic move.
Lol, a 14 minutes of video about people not being able to do a simple math.
This explains Ben Shapiro. Smart enough, but thinks himself a genius. Astonishing that people didn’t just do the division of column a by column b, but talked about it instead. Just run the numbers, I’m stumped that no one just did that. 😮
I got all of them right, does that mean I am dumb now?  Living in silicon valley you were ostracized for saying anything positive about Trump. Within offices people would openly speak as if they assumed everyone was anti trump as well. Surprised me because just a few years previous, speaking politics openly in the office was taboo.
Amerika would be so great if they would have more than two parties
What I’m understanding from this video is people are stupid and don’t care what the truth is. Watching some of these people talk about the made up numbers in mind boggling
We here in Europe aren't saying Americans are dumb, but half of you are voting for convicted criminal Trump, nuff said.
I have put a lot of thought into notable factors mentioned during this video. And my primary viewing device or hope, and realization, is that any intelligent community would teach people about human behavior, make it as fundamental as ABCs. And i believe that would help our society. The reality is we don't and I think our education system has been failing to deliver important tools for social development. Instead it seems intelligence groups intentionally seed our social settings with misinformation. Our citizens are encouraged to consume information that is heavily biased and it seems to have had a negative effect on our community in whole. I feel for the confusion many must experience today.
A lot of this will stem from one's trust in media, and people thinking about the meta of the situation when being quizzed. They feel/know they are being watched, and that the people presenting probably have skewed information. I'd be interested to see how people were introduced to the problem-set
I think its quite interresting that with higher numeracy scored there comes more confidence in false conclusions. The ones with less numeracy are scarily close to 50% meaning they just guess while the ones with higher scores delude themselves into the view they already hold. Also interresting how democrats stay about 50% on their opposition being correct while republicans dip way lower.
Meanwhile me who compared the proportions in columns, instead of rows.  Rash Improved:  107:223 roughly 2X Rash Worsened:  21:75 roughly 3.5X So overall the cream made it worse as the ratio of worsened is higher than the ratio of improved.   But then i decided to look at it numerically, where the rash improved for 116 people, while worsened for 54 people. So that is a 2X in favor of improved.  I understand the video is not about numbers but about Propaganda. I have come to refer to it as "statistics of convenience", Where people would always pick the statistically tool that is most convenient to them. I have noticed that particularly in geo politics. For instance, people in US use total carbon emissions by countries and berate China for poluting the world, but the reply is given in Carbon emissions per capita, where the US leads. Recently i was seeing that someone from Netherlands or Baltics were boasting about having supplied Ukraine the biggest funds "Per Capita", while the number is barely a few million dollars. When the Unit of measurement Changes know that it is time to cut the discussion short and walk away. You are not talking to a rational person who is there to debate, rather you are talking to an activist who is there to drive their point.
People familiar with causal inference (smart or not) will probably get the question right 😄
Now do the medical and pharmaceutical industry. People dont wanna change the ways the always done things even if studies show significant findings. In Dr. Marty Makary's book blind spots weather you get your appendix removed or given antibiotics just depends on the doctor you go to.
Affirmation bias
Humans are creatures of emotion, not logic. We use emotion to make decisions, and then use logic to justify it afterwards
5:26 How many skylines can you recognize?
Me trying to outsmart the question: well in general the rashes improved regardless of cream. Seems like time is the real factor. 🤦🏼‍♀️
Someone random comes to me on the street claiming to have research results, I'll assume it's junk and stick to my prior beliefs. I'm really interested in how exactly the author in this video worded the questions to come to conclusions he did. It's possible that the high numeracy doesn't signal the inability to change one's view but the ability not to be swayed by highly dubious sources.
There is a problem with the way your phrased your question however, "if you encountered evidence on a political issue, that you were like "this is good evidence" but it contradicted your political belief on that issue" (8:52) because you have set up a premise where the person thinks the evidence is solid, but in the tests you have done here, people did not read the numbers like there were solid evidence against their arguement, so they are probabbly right in their answer, that they would change their mind if they believed the evidence solid, most likely they would however not read the evidence that way, or they might avoid the evidence, but this is not what you tested for :3
Because they know what the data shows but they don’t want it to be true. If I showed you (a redhead) data that showed redheads were more likely to be murderers, you would ignore the data and misinterpret it on purpose.
No, hang on, Derek. This data shows only that our preconceptions influence our interpretation of new information, not any of the other things you are extrapolating to. That's because when you present people data in a study like this, they won't consider the idea that you just made it up, by default. So they skip the actual reasoning process and give an answer based on other data that they've seen - which obviously will correlate with their political views. But people don't have any "prior examples" of a specific skin cream, so they have no choice but to actually do the mental effort.  If anything, all that this shows is that people place a lot of faith in their past reasoning and the data that they've seen, because without a perfect memory, they have no choice but to trust their own conclusions.  In other words the outcome is: setting the question up in a way specifically designed to fool people, fooled people.  Wow, how shocking. I am again disappointed in your quality of video, especially given the timing here, and the overall message seeming to be that people are irrevocably too dumb to reason for themselves. Maybe you have fallen victim to your own expectations and high opinion of yourself.
Do not vote
I still don't get how the Trump voters can ignore all the facts and belive his lies all the time
3:03 my god not to get political but you can just tell her who she is voting for☠️
Did directly the proportional reasoning, and i m not dumb neither smart. Was easy: took me 2 sec and its well known thing about cerebral bias, and confirmation bias and correlation=/= causation. What is my comment about ? (Cause I feel you too did the same thing and know this): just telling not worth it to waste your 14 min
I don't know about this doc, I almost didn't graduate HS due to my math skills being so horrendous, despite being put in the math class for people with disabilities and still almost failing that, my numeracy score should have failed me here with understanding the data, but it somehow didn't.  Does being commited to open-mindedness, and trying to look at data objectively somehow override these deficiencies?
Sounds like an American phenomenon.
this made my head hurt i cant read the chart at all
8:45
so people see what they want to see
I don’t think this takes into account the different ways people brains can work. You’re taking numbers and translating them to real world concepts and then criticizing for answering in different ways which can be valid. Like switching the getting rash to not getting rash sides makes no sense to me why you would reference the other side at all. What relevance is there to anyone’s rashes getting better when the amount getting worse is magnitudes worse? It’s asinine to say that 107 is greater than 223! 223 people’s rash got WORSE because of the cream and 107 people’s rash also got worse without any treatment which sounds like something untreated rashes would do! This click bait stuff is why I stopped watching in the first place jfc
The most important video of the year. It needs to be public and showed to everyone on America and the world.
A lot of the time the problem is that the data can be viewed from different perspectives. Can't look at just a few statistics to make a real comparison about a gun law change or climate change, because other facts have nothing to do with changes that were made or not made which affect the outcome of the conclusion of the data.   Gun change, maybe everyone on lockdown for that month, change the results of the data or mass rioting.   As climate changes, maybe our solar system is going through a warmer or colder part of the universe which is changing the climate it has little or nothing to do with CO2 level, change we made or didn't made don't mean anything to the affect of the data.
People are naturally going to question figures of a study they don't agree with since we should always take politically charged studies with a grain of salt. A lot of "scientific" studies are funded by orgs with conflicts of interest (e.g. big oil funding climate studies, alcohol companies funding alcohol-related studies). A lot of studies, especially those to do with social/psychological issues, are also misleading, purposefully so on many occasions to push a narrative, especially since social issues are complex with a lot of correlations that aren't necessary the cause of whatever is being studied.  That said, I don't think you can both sides this issue because clearly the problem isn't being able to reason rationally, the problem is empathy and the ability to admit mistakes in light of evidence. Clearly the people who claim they will reconsider subjects in the face of mounting evidence aren't doing that because they're still attending the rallies in spite of evidence in their face that the person who they're supporting is a garbage man.
and also holds true in companies ;)
But, it's not the same question. Cream case: you've got rash, options are - use cream or not (do smth or leave it be). Then gun control case should be: you've got high crime, should you ban guns or not (or legalize / not).
Idk, what I see from the chart is a bad study where the control group is less than half of the size of the test group.  128 control samples vs 298 test samples requires heavy interpolation of the data with heavy assumptions.  For all we know as more people use the control cream, that 5x difference could easily change into a 3x difference.  It’s bad data in the end.
4:50 crime pays but botany doesn’t fan spotted wahoo
To be fair, skin rash cream isn't a highly political issue where activists have a track record of publishing unreliable studies.
Isn't this a study that can't be replicated? Because last I checked, it couldn't be replicated.
I'm an intuitive kind of person but as I grow older, I realised that data and the ability to find and process data logically is the right way to handle any decision. Also, Derek is right that curiosity is the best way to tackle prejudice. You must want to take a look at the other side(s) and see how and why they come to their conclusions.  I have since realised that everyone live their lives differently, have different priorities, are built differently, are genetically different, and from different socioeconomical status.  Best example is headphones. My sound is not equal to your sound. So everyone need different headphones, preferably multiple pairs for different kind of music.
i feel like this was a 14 min advert.
kot takahashi can solve the divide
But I want my skin to improve, not the rash. I want the rash dead...
Such a depressing study regarding the skin cream. Should have expected 75 percent of those in the least numerically skilled group to get it right and practically everyone in the highest group, it's just fractions after all. But the results were far worse than that.
Great video
I feel like you are adding unnecessary ambiguity in the question being asked. 223>75 and 107>21 so BOTH treatments (cream and no cream) made the rash better, on average. From this one could conclude that the common factor, time, is the real source of the healing.  That said, the cream is a less effective treatment than no cream due to the ratios described, roughly 3:5
There is a difference between 'is' and 'ought'.  Data can only ever tell us what is. What we ought to do about it is always opinion-tribe-ideology.  It seems to me that once people are okay with determining a fact (not determining what should be done about said fact), the numeracy problem is not so hard to solve.
As this has been going on forever.  Logic is thrown out over ideologies.  We are all apart of it and get caught in this massive BS web.    As a person, we’re intelligent, group of people, intelligence goes down dramatically.    Learn, step back and think for yourself not what groups keep publicizing.  I’m 44, still learning and will til I die.
I see a question like this and instantly reach for a calculator 😅there is only one answer the calculator never lies. (Unless its one of those stupid ones that math wrong in certain situations)
Tommy Lee Jones already explained this in Men in Black
Veritasium just uncovered the plot of how the powerful divide the weak.
I remember, I think it was Neil Degrasse Tyson on Cosmos, that told me about the society of bees, where bees search for a new home, come back and discuss it and there isn't any politics involved, just simply what home was the best home. I think of the same thing when I think of electricity and mushrooms, both are incredibly efficient in finding the "best" path. There are so many natural phenomena that we can learn from
Meanwhile me, making the assumption that both the study and control groups were the same size: the cream makes it better AND worse!
The brain is "lazy". And gets shortcuts  on every corner possible. So that is no wonder that instead of actual solving the  problem it shoots  the answer which it believes is already known.
Be a responsible skin-cream owner.
Terribly thought out and biased video. Do better
Let  me guess. The cream was more likely to be used by people with more severe rashes that are more likely to get worse than rashes that did not prompt treatment.
3:03 she thinked they wanted to give it to her
its almost as if people ignore facts to support their perspectives
This isn't sound logic. In the cream example, we have a given amount of people who start off with the rash. In the gun control example, we're told  1 in 6 crimes are prevented vs 1 in 4 crimes prevented, however people can't help but think about the total number of crimes committed. Who cares in 1 in 4 crimes are prevented when we can choose between 100 crimes and 300 crimes. 100 is better. I dont think your participants understood that there was a finite number of gun incidents.
It is very sad you failed to identify your personal or political bias in this video. The proportions of “votes” for one side or another are significantly different than what polls say (and that’s assuming polls are completely accurate, aka they are not).  All in all this is an incredibly biased video which fails to recognize such, despite the authors unintelligence with this issue, it is overall a decent video, just please do not take the “facts” (not facts), or statistics as true.  Please be more accurate Veratasium!!!
me, upon seeing the question the 1st time: "let's not be fooled by the bigger numbers. I'll calculate the actual percentage". also me 2 minutes later: "well, apparently I'm not smart enough to get the question wrong. That makes sense".
Wait'll you include in your calculations that not all "tribes" have equal violent crime statistics globally.
This is a very important Video for the future of researchers, Thanks for always seeking the truth
Most of what I took from this video is that Americans really are as dumb as we think and that being good at maths doesn't mean you're good at thinking.
So you proved biased affirmation
Posting this the day before the election is crazy
This research paper failed to replicate. @veritasium this is my favourite channel; I am hoping this was a mistake.   Do NOT erode your credibility.
I don't know, I think I'm smart and I got it right ... 😂
Is that University of Arizona?
This makes zero sense.  Politics is not a domain of pragmatics and facts primarily.  We dont come to the same conclusions with the same data bcs we have different needs and wants.  This video peddles the false notion of an objective commons of very similar people. Which we are not anymore.
homie slowly trying to get political. here's how i stand if someone thinks you are the worst person in the world because of how you stand on an issue, you shouldn't spend any time speaking to them
Folks, we've screwed up this humanity. We have to scrap it, sim a new one and start over. Reboot the Matrix, please.
WOW Thank you Bro ! I did not think of adapting my language to face people who want to kill me for my skin complexion ! Really ! And to think nobody thought about it before having THE DATA !  Any more helpful advices ?
I’m having a hard time equating a large sample set of people having empirically different results,  with 4 cities that have different parameters and no definition of what the values mean. What do those numbers even mean? I can’t make any kind of quantitative or qualitative judgement based on any of the information I was given as to what those values mean when it comes to gun control. Basically, there wasn’t “no difference but a political context”. You changed the very nature of the data set and what those numbers mean.  To me, it’s obvious that this experiment is set up to particularly tune in on an individual’s beliefs and leanings. The major factor that is being left out is that you leave the data sets completely open to interpretation with zero context. You also seemed to allow people make up their own context, while not agreeing or disagreeing. So basically you gave people garbage data and you got bias out of it. Why is this a respected paper? This is just a reinforcement that you can design experiments to test for bias. This isn’t noteworthy or groundbreaking. This is how brains work.
Your results are kind of meaningless when you consider the fact that most of the "higher numeracy" people you interviewed have probably looked into how gun control affects crime rates. No matter how much you want people to only look at your numbers, they'll still be biased by the information they know. Just like a majority of "lower numeracy" people would assume that skin cream helps with rashes.  Your results kind of just show how likely are people to trust their own research over how likely they are to engage with a random stranger's chart.
I thought the rash was better with both the cream and without the cream. I initially thought an argument could be made for the cream making the rash worse. However, it's semantics. I interpret the term "better" as a positive outcome. Thus, it does improve the situation. It just improves it less than not applying it. Moreover, it could be helping some people but hurting others. The net effect is it is worse than not applying the cream, but for some people, it could help the rash. Selectively using it could net the best results.
Brains are seeking coherence, if you have no data about a topic, you may be more willing to accept surprising conclusions. If you already possess a body of information about a matter, and you're shown new conflicting information, then you're either forced to question your existing information or the new information. The more cohering information known, the less likely you are to accept new conflicting information. It's perfectly reasonable, in fact, it would be unreasonable for it to be any other way.  You say it's political polarization, but neglect the possibility that it may be based in rationality -- You subtly catalog this as an emotional fault, that these people's integrity goes out the window as soon as something contradicts with their primal wants, like infants or toddlers. You skip the possibility that this position which they are passionate about, is founded upon information which contradicts the information you're presenting to them.  This confusion, where we mistake rationality for irrationality, is fueling aggression in people, especially the younger. This false certainty of the irrationality of others justifies disrespect and polarization -- It marks the best of us, those with the most information, as not worthy of further discussion.
Oof, this is heavily geared for your advertiser.
One thing I'd like to ask is, the people who said they were pretty open minded, how do we trust thier words? not everyone is open minded obviously, we wouldn't be having so much heat during any kind of discussion about serious topics whether the internet or otherwise.  I think People usually either lie or delude themselves into thinking that they're open minded, which in turn botches the study
I think what is most interesting about this is that people are genuinely accurate with their numeracy skills, people who rate themselves higher seem to always consistently score higher then even 5's and 6's
Okay I am just commenting without finishing the video (2:12). Using only 1111 americans in the sample, doesnot make sense right? So it should say the study is only about American population. Not globally. Was there anything that specified that in the name of the study? Maybe I missed something.
i checked how many more got worse, assuming the groups have the same size upscaled.. so .. the cream didnt help because it made it worse for more imho
This is a study on cognitive bias; how preconceived belief systems influence and over-ride logical analysis.  Two perspectives of the same concept: the personal, and the cultural.  You are bordering on supporting unsubstantiated declarations as being legitimate paths of inspection, this can be dangerous.
I feel like this is how KSI's Thick of it got hated. People's opinions affect others
My hypothesis: Political people are beyond stupid
This is why it's so important for us to listen to experts and scientists, and thankfully both democrats and republicans are willing to do this, so there's hope for us all.
Never wanted to be so wrong in my life
That why we need unbiased data analysis — preferably by computers.
This is crazy. I didnt know we were this close minded
The second question also includes the bias that sources are almost never true.....there will be 1000 studies and half come to one conclusion (according to the media) amd the other half come to another (according to the other side's media)....that bias doesnt help either ....if you stipulate good sources for the data without bias etc etc you might get closer answers... but that isn't as easy  @11:44 Part of the problem with the idea wkth clumate change is man made, are all politicians that said we would all be dead in 12 years...or whatver number each gave...several of those uear numbers have passed and i supsp3ct all the others will too. Until we can discuss it with facts and NOT rhetoric.....it will go nowhere
Inherent bias and dunning Krueger. Who would've thought? Human beings are inherently irrational. We care more about our feelings than the facts
I probably would've still got the answer right on the gun control one, but I would've asked myself how trustworthy that study was, therefore not changing my opinion. The point is people can still get the right answer and yet dismiss it as false because it's not what they want to hear/believe in. The numbers mean nothing.
Are the scientists assembling these studies not just as susceptible to predetermined biases when cherry picking the results?
im actually registered independent for this reason, because i believe both sides do this way too often
Turns out I'm stupid. Yay! got the question right though.
my thoughts  223 rashes improved but 75 rashes worsen but 107 rashes improved but only 21 rashes worsen  rate of rashes wrosen is less in non cream than cream one, as 107/21 > 223/75, here as greater the ratio better the result.
I mean in the skin cream ques, the cream reduced the rashes for 74% of people who used it and 82% of peoples rash improved without using skin cream... so skin cream makes rashes worse.. but i jumped to this comclusion considering that no person has SPECIFIC allergic reactions that could trigger more rashes... as for the gun question.. if guns are allowed.. then the crime rates depend on the people of the city.. their natural behaviour.. whether they want to use the gun or not.. if we go statistically.. calculating.. 74.83% of cities improved their crime by allowing guns while 82% cities improved their crime by not allowing guns.. in this we have to consider that if guns are allowed.. people are gonna shoot no matter what and if guns banned... crime decrease.  I have tried to explain my perspective.. sorry if my english is bad. Tysm if you read till the end.. 🙏
Guns only make killing easier, nothing more. Does Police need guns - sure. Does random person need gun? Maybe. If you live in broken, violent society, and you have much more then rest, you probably need something to defend that wealth (assuming that you value your things over other human life). Bad thing is that bulgars knowing that you have gun, will shoot you first, without questions. In Europe you can walk with knife in your pocket, but no one does that. Why? Because knife only makes killing easier and doesn't make you safe. Here we belive is social rules and justice system, police. If you live in broken society, gun is probably good idea.
I feel like there is a methodologied flaw, because the participants probably have seen other sources "confirming" their world view and you don't change your mind because of some arbitrary data.
I watch 2 youtubers. One extreme liberal the other an extreme conservative. I have my own views but I like to challenge my views.
I think if legislative bodies needed an 80% majority to write legislation, things that are wholly offensive to 50% of the population would not be passed, and politics would depolarize.
With the skin cream question, no cream is not a valid control.  The subjects know whether they're applying cream.  If the phrasing of the question is about the real implications, I'm likely to say no, the study didn't show anything.  If the phrasing is something like which direction these numbers seem to point, I would give the "right" answer.  On the skin-creme question, it's easier to be accepted as asking the neutral which-direction question.  On a political question, being more numerate gives you more resources with which to critique the question and say how the numbers don't really show what they purport to show, thereby getting the "wrong" answer -- which counts as "wrong" even if the critique is valid.
I thought the cream stuff was a linguistic issue. Like "improved" means the the rash itself improved it's pain on the body
No one will convince me that survivor bias isn't true.
just when i though i can escape us politics by watching my yt subs. how foolish of me.
commenters on their way to type "I got all the questions right":
The chart also refers to gun control in a way that just isn't possible. How can you both have crime improved and worsened at the same time... There is no way to know of a crime that would've happened but didn't.
I do not understand why people care about their "tribe" and I am sick of people claiming humans are "social creatures". This almost legitimises it. Let's not blame Trump supporters. They cannot help it because they are surrounded by other a-holes. How about we celebrate born independent thinkers like me, and use us as role models. I really, really, really, do not care what anybody thinks about me. I just want to understand the world. And the world would be better with more people like me. Feel free to abuse me. I really don't care!
The angles wont work because partisan rhetoric and loaded terms used to trigger tribal thinking is not a bug of politics, its a feature.
So i also used proportional method and deducted that rashes were actually worsened. Now I don't understand if I'm smart or dumb.
I take issue with this video. If the people you have shown the gun control charts too have previously seen real and true statistics, they would not be forming answers based on a tribal instinct, but more on previous knowledge which would have likely come from a far more reputable source than some guy walking around with a chart and camera.
Video summary: people are stupid and that includes me yay let’s all get along… mmm nope
10:56 "no buzzwords that could trigger someone into tribal thinking, no villainizing the other side..." THIS so hard. so tired of "polls" with such spiteful and vitriolic wordings in the questions.
oh my god this video is so good
The conclusion speech only excuses double speak and enables reactionaries. This is not a complete political study, include leftist belief, minding that liberalism is centrist. You didnt need to do an entire math study to come to the conclusion of dialectical materialiam. If i hide myself and refuse to call myself a socialist because i may be ridiculed by a fascist, i am objectively allowing fascist to oppress my voice and propagandized my values to appear harmful. buzz words and fallicies are tools of contradiction used by the right wing, i should not yield to them. No amount of hiding my race or gender or sexuality will make me more paletable to the oppressors who systematically and invisibly deal with people like me withiut ever asking what i stand for. We must be proud and vigilant or we will be snuffed out quietly. Land back, housing reform, free health care, workers rights, climate action, defund police, free palestine, congo, sudan , yemen, haiti, cuba, venesuela, puerto rico, turtle island. Solidarity.
6:58 lol but on average democrats got it right by twice as much as Republicans 😅
Congrats!  You got a bunch of clicks! Sadly, this channel continues it's recent downward slide.  Derek needs to get back to actual science. What the graphs illustrate is that poorly presented and sloppily explained data can be easily mis-interpreted. And people can be made to look stupid trying to decipher such. Side note:  I don't know anything about the guy in this TED talk, but many TED talks are are crap with similar click-bait goals and are more entertainment than educating.
Propoganda blinds even the brightest minds. No matter your affiliation.
"American" friend,,,,, hummmmmm,,,,,, Now, Was That Intentional!!!
In the case of the guy who wanted to know more about the supposed gun control study showing it was effective, I suspect he wanted the additional information because he had seen the actual peer reviewed studies that showed gun control making things worse, or at least correlating with things being worse, so he wanted to reconcile the apparently contradictory data.
In the first one I immediately think thats a bad study, it would have needed a placebo creme. Therefore the results do not answer the question.
This is Kevin's pie math but for guns and politics
I think there's one fundamental flaw in the question being asked about whether people would change their minds if faced with good data. They were asked if they would change their mind if faced with data **THEY considered** "Good". But the most common way people reject good data is not by agreeing it's good and not changing their mind, but by *not agreeing it's good data*.
What a grossly irresponsible video with a ridiculously misleading premise and message behind it.
I believes this comes down to political propaganda. People won’t look at the numbers because if it disagrees with them, they will believe the numbers aren’t fully honest.
This is scary, so many people cannot even grasp the premise of the questions.   The unequal sample size is needed to make people think about ratios. Otherwise it would be simple.   This is a hypothetical cream study, not real,   total sample size "cream" (227+75)=298, rash better (223/298)=0.748   or 74.8% total sample size "no cream" (107+21)=128, rash better (107/128)=0.914 or 91.4%  Thus "no cream " is better  Slip in ideology, now the result is not accepted, but argued even though it is only a hypothetical study with made up figures. It is deigned to study cognitive bias, and yes, people cannot get past their biases, even in a hypothetical way.   If the study was real, the cognitive bias would still be there, i.e. no amount of facts will change the biased mind,  but then I have no biases at all, of course...
This is confirmation bias right? As per the study of Daniel Kahneman
Hahaha, I'm just going to throw in a red flag and say "Yeah! Now apply this open mindedness to communism!" and run away 😁❤️ Happy discovering!
Dude, even I forgot to use my numerical ability when it came to Gun control and started to think subjective.
I do have some issues with the study design and think the conclusion do not hold up:  1.) The idea that there is a single rational answer to these examples is wrong. Or to be precise: The most rational answer would be "I don't know". Because all those contingency tables show is correlation. And correlation does not imply causation. We also know that just looking at correlation in highly aggregated data can show the complete opposite of the truth (see Simpsons Paradox). 2.) The fictitious study no means equivalent.  2a.) When it comes to the skin creme question, it implies that what we see is a clinical trial. Something that has at least clear standards about randomization, double-blind testing, etc. So while clinical trials do technically only show correlation, they at least can tell us if what we see is not just mere coincidence (when done properly even with a defined significance). 2b.) The gun control experiment seems completely impossible in real life. Scientists can't just go to cities and say "Hey, please flip this coin and if it comes up heads outlaw concealed carry." So the idea that this can be done in a randomized fashion is completely unrealistic. Also a living, breathing city has way more uncontrolled variables than a person in a clinical trial.  So when presented with (technically incomplete) aggregated correlation data and asked to draw a conclusion about causation, a rational decision maker has to factor in other aspects, e.g. plausibility. The plausibility that the the skin creme example has been done in a proper controlled randomized clinical study and that the sampling was able to filter out all relevant confounders is high. But the opposite is true, for the gun control question. E.g. the assumption that a city which recently introduced gun control had an upward trend in gun crime as the trigger is more than rational.  So all the study shows is, that our political beliefs influence the implicit assumptions we need to draw conclusion from incomplete data. Not that revolutionary of a find tbh.
OK. Point taken that ideology can skew ability to process data. However, I think you're missing an equally large or bigger issue that follows from the data you presented: how are average Americans so unbelievably bad at interpreting data?! The modal groups at numeracy scores 3 and 4 are literally less likely to get the correct answer on the skin rash question than by running a random number generator. I don't know how that's possible. This is such a common class of problem with such a simple, mechanical, and intuitive way to think about it that I'm actually a bit skeptical of the data you presented. ... To the point that I have the paper you cited queued up for some bedtime reading to check for details and gotchas that may have been omitted in this video (thanks for providing a link, BTW).
So... on US election day... counting the votes will definitely have a bias... And the fact that universities are generally left leaning accounts for the interpretation of the data concerning climate catastrophe nonsense. We are too cold just now, we are at below average temperatures for Earth and it is perfectly natural and safe for us to enjoy climbing out of the current ice age without letting people die from fuel poverty or isolation due to fossil fuel prices.
where is part 2 of the least action video? 😢
The video I choose so I can finally get away from watching political videos.
I think those with numeracy of 10 are apolitical, they care more about the numbers than the emotional content of the result. I'd rather know the truth than feel good about the result.
7:50 "Illegal crime" is what people do with guns and "legal crime" is what corporations do with money, eh?
When I read the title I immediately thought "Julia Galef's 'graph of despair'" -- that's what she called the aptitude vs agree-with-climate-change graph for liberals and conservatives in an old Long Now Foundation talk she gave several years ago. And indeed that's what the video was about!
What about the independents? They were a large chunk of the pie graph at the beginning of the video but then ignored for the rest of the video.
the only sad part of your videos are when it ends  , and I listen the outro I feel sad
The question about the cream is tricky considering the different sample sizes
you’re a smart guy…and yet, you don’t see that better than 50% of medical studies are unreproducible.  We have a science problem, not a tribal problem.  Manipulating the tribal problem will mean that when science hits rock bottom and fixes itself, no one with a brain will trust it.  Full point:  unbiased medical research is full of junk studies.  So without political confirmation bias, funding strings (even when the money has been laundered through enough non-profits, the researchers can figure out who their sugar mama is, and they know finding against that group will mean no follow on research money, where the cooperative ones, or the biased ones keep getting money, and thus the politically desired outcome.  Ask a researcher who got out, they’re happy to talk.) junk science is still winning.  So in your example you come in with politically charged issue and say here’s a study.  You must accept it as fact.  Yet, on that politically charged issue I can find plenty of studies that find both outcomes.  (Don’t even get me started about how you can’t even really make a control group in most politically charged issues).  So of course, you coming out on the street with a “study” you look just like a “man on the street” news reporter looking for some views to grow their channel.  So of course if the subject agrees, they accept it and move on.  Do it online, and I suspect on the disagree side you’ll end up with keyboard warriors giving you all the studies that disagree.  In person, they’ll be polite and try to get away from you hoping to not end up in your video. (Since you’re clearly in the other side and videos of the other side “getting roasted” get more clicks.)   So rather than see this for what it is, you decide the sociologist/psychologist has the answer. You double down on it by saying we should manipulate people into believing science, when science is still untrustworthy as a whole!  Like I said in my first sentence, you’re a smart guy, and you want to help, but you’re attacking the flames.  We now have literally generations of political manipulation of science.  We have generations trained to not believe it.  And you think some manipulation technique will fix it?  Talk about bias!  The first step is to hold scientists to a much higher standard.  Peer review needs to be more than basically a scientific grammar check (using correct correction models and the like).  It should be experts doing replication studies.  No publishing until peer review replicated.  We also should not allow pre-study reports like p-value findings to be an entire “study”.  I don’t care how much work it was, it can be manipulated and was only ever designed to determine if an actual study was warranted.  I can’t believe the number of p-value studies I see.  Public funding dollars should be spent without strings attached.  If you know it’s political (because you’re the government and you made it that way), you’d better be funding for and against groups for the study.  Let the replication peer review do its thing.  When they’re both replicable (it will happen because you can’t control all variables in most politically charged topics) you need to get the groups in the same room to discuss the assumptions, data, etc, and have a bipartisan moderator to figure out the truth.  It will probably come down to you can’t control everything, so your study is invalid, but it may find a common set of agreed upon points from which to move on.  If not, drop it.  Don’t try to go around the backs of the government and find ngo’s and non-profits to flood the scientific community with effectively propaganda I.e. sugar is great, fats cause heart attacks! - objectively I think we can all agree the outcomes have been far worse since that decision was made…I sure hope so.  That propaganda machine is precisely what has put us in a quandary in the first place.  So what did you really find:  numeracy scores didn’t predict the correct answer, but some people did.  You effectively found the people willing to set aside confirmation bias and other background, and focus in on one study.  I’m not saying those are superior people.  They’re good at filtering, that’s it.  Sometimes that’s useful, sometimes they don’t make connections they would had they allowed the flood of noise.  Either way, that’s what you actually found.  Now make a video about the state of science and why people are unwilling to trust it, and other people’s suggestions of how to fix it!  I’ve offered a few, but the people who actually lived it will certainly have better ideas.  Either way, attacking the root of the problem will do a lot more good than just trying to manipulate people into accepting junk science.  Once burned, twice shy, you make it harder later.
There was a recent This American Life episode titled: "A Small Thing That Gives Me a Tiny Shred of Hope" that talks about how using non politically charged terminology in news can help people absorb information counter to their political beliefs.
This is why America's two party system is one of the most dumbest and flawed systems in place. This two party system makes all Americans dumber regardless of which party. Both democrat and republicans post fake statistics to make themselves look better. Look at all those tweets from Elon Musk, none of his statistical data posts are based on actual facts and studies...  The government and the rich are puppet masters and all of the citizens are their puppets. Yet, none of the citizens realize this.
The video doesn't fully introduce the example study, because the group sizes aren't specified. The paper explains that the numbers in the table are all the people, the video doesn't. One may think that the size was a 1000 and majority of people saw no difference.
4:18 that was a twist
Why didn’t you make this video sooner!?
The presentation needs to specify that there were no people for whom the results stayed the same.
Wondering if anyone else had the same thought: the first question has a clear question, where the second does not. In the study of creams, a simple random sample occurred. This lets us be confident in a claim of the cream “helping” or “hurting”. But because the gun question is presented as simply regions that chose to enact gun control, we don’t have enough evidence of causation to make a claim. So, we can’t say that there is a correct answer here. That being said, if I was asked this I would almost certainly say “assuming no third cause, …” and appeal to the numbers
aight verisasasaman
They fail to mention that Republicans typically know the facts on gun control and that is not controlled in the study. Gun crimes go down with ownership. We have the data on it. So they spot the problem with the presented fact whereas Democrats don't want it to show in this data. It's not a threat to ideology as he puts it in the video. Republicans are sick of being told a lie in a chart. It's a common thing Democrats do. This study could easily be interpreted as political and not legitimate to those that are tested, thus causing a control issue with the study itself. In other words, it's poorly designed.
Thank you, thank you very much, Dr. Derek!
I'm at the beginning of the video, and my opinion is that the cream made it worse because the cream made 25% of the cases worse, while not using the case made 16% of the cases worse. Lower is better in this case.
Thing is smarter people and dumber people ruin the democracy together but in some what level. That's what one of the cons of democracy.
"I think this points toward a deeper question that I'm not sure was answered in the study: how rational is it to accept new information and abandon prior information? If the quality and quantity of previous evidence is high, asking a person to suspend that understanding for a guy with a cardboard sign so you can play with numbers is a factor that's hard to ignore." someone else said this in a reply somewhere   I would also like to add that the average person does not consider themselves to be knowledgeable in skin creams or medicine, but the people with higher numeracy rates on either side would have their own prior research in regards to gun violence to justify thier stances, and would be less likely to reason the other way when presented with what looks like to them as unreliable information
Before I continue the video.  I get the ratio of the two conditions then I base my answer to that ratio.   With the cream: 223/75 = 2.97  Without the cream: 107/21 = 5.09  So without the cream is better than with the cream.
I really dislike the numbers presented in the study. There is a different total between the experimental and control without defining the population size in each. What if the rash stayed the same? It's not clear enough.
I don’t really agree with not using words like “climate change” because we absolutely need to plan for it as a concept entirely. Hard disagree with some takes in this video.
A 14 minute ad for ground news? I guess you want to retire, as this is the exact thing that will cause rational people to bail out of future viewing of what used to be an independent science channel.
“The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one.” - Jeff Daniels (The Newsroom)
The data from that study and the conclusions are interesting, however I fail to see how it applies to our current presidential candidates. Sure people have biases, tribalism, and pre-conceived notions regarding anything political. Then you have one candidate who among many other things setup a FAKE CANCER CHARITY to funnel money to themselves. It's not even disputed, was proven in a court of law, and convicted  of the crime, including banishment from running charities in the state of New York. Looking at some numbers and doing some creative interpretation based on politics isn't the same as simply completely denying reality and effectively being completely delusional. It's not the same.
People use statistics to lie -- If the statistics involved a political context, then there is a non-zero chance the statistics were politically selected.  I don't think this behavior has anything to do with tribalism or numeracy.   If you ask the skin cream question but mentioned that it was funded by Big Pharma, the people might react the same way.
no wonder a lot of people hate me i don't usually agree whatever they all agree
You say its because we like to stick with our tribes, but I dont think thats the biggest factor. At worst you would just be leaving one tribe for another, not abandoned altogether. I think its mostly ego. Everyone wants the respect that comes with appearing humble and open-minded, but at the same time everyone wants to be right. And when it comes to being right and wrong, its never as powerful as it is when you are questioning someones very beliefs. Like you said, hardly anyones believes are formed solely on the careful consideration of data. Which means, to attack those beliefs with data would also seem somewhat pointless. Even when carefully explained as to how they may be wrong, few are as willing and able to admit it despite what they may say.
False equivalency my dude.  The political party that is running on xenophobia and blatant lies. These people that identify in that party are not all braindead but much like those indoctrinated to a faith in early childhood have not questioned their political views. (Democrats are also indoctrinated but the policy they run on is not centered to removal of rights and freedoms from other people, so I don't care)  Aside from the few, tons of "Conservatives" if asked regarding lgbtq+ rights will say they respect others rights, but will still identify with the political party that demonize and legislate against lgbtq+ communities.   Much like a lot of Christians will be offended if you denounce their pedophile priests. They will feel attacked even when they have never read the bible nor do they go to church.
Like we saw mass psychosis phenomenon during C*V!D 19, among the college educated.
Very well made. Sadly, the video just left me depressed. I have a "thing" where I will actively disregard the consensus of my tribe and just make up my own mind on things based on my own observations and logical thinking. Call it autism, or a schizoid personality (been diagnosed with that as a teen); I don't know what it is really because psychology is complex, and who cares what it's called. In any case, it's left me ostracized and without a tribe again and again. Terrible loneliness.
Shouldn't we have equal number of people for no cream and with cream? Thats what makes it tricky.
It looks to me from the graphs you're showing like it's not that high-ability (numeracy, etc) people are *more polarized* than low-ability people, as it is that polarization *neutralizes* their ability and makes them just as stupid as everyone else, who might be every bit as polarized as the high-ability people but without a clear predisposition to getting the answers correct absent political polarization, there's no noticeable change in their answers to show that polarization.
Just wait until you find out WHY we are divided, and WHO is dividing us. They want you to focus on the border. They want you to focus on abortion. And minimum wage.  THEY are the ultra rich. The more time you spend fighting with each other, the less likely you will be to see them paying politicians to vote in a way that lines their pockets and takes from yours.
Hey Derek, There's a problem with this video, you clearly asked around in the US, and also the study is from the US, unfortunately, US citizens are notoriously 'uneducated', and I mean, they are single minded, and don't know anything about anything else outside their 'thing', 'Nationally Diverse' yes, but the US education system is a failure, look at the collage students ripping their diplomas and calling for terrorist on campus, it's just stupid, also, for years, brands and ads, made the US citizen brain go ''see big number, better' bigger is better in America, you are wired like that, I would be interested to see this repeated in other countries..
Thank god I got it wrong.
It kinda looks to me it just doesnt have to be the numericy as a main factor, but too strong intereset in politics issues is kind of "brainwash" :D
i got the answer in a second with basic math but second guessed my self so hard for minutes thinking it was a trick and i was doing it wrong
Bro was smart enough to talk with americans with guns statistics
If someone has higher numeracy, the only problem at that point, is validity of data. They had reasonable scrutiny, if they've gained from real evidence previously. Political ideologies aren't necessarily arbitrarily obtained.   So this test, is really flawed, and basically saying "if you don't trust our (fake) evidence more than your previously read ones, then you have poor reasoning"
12 minutes to say confirmation bias is real & knock it off, look at truth.  No polotical slant.  Good luck in your search for truth.  It never ends if you are REALLY looking.
I came to the conclusion that when the rash got better it means that it the rash grew further on the body and therefore the cream helped the rash to grow. Maybe I just think differently than everyone else.
"No villainising the other side, dont say climate change" Its wild how every method of solving "partisanship" is just surrendering rhetorically to the right. We cant have small scale solutions to global problems, the Floridians are still polluting, and still supporting parties that cobtribute to climate change, theyve just gqslighted themselves into thinking that this one aspect isnt the fake climate xhange they were taught to ignore. Also, casting "partisanship" as a problem when one party openly denies science and the other doesn't is absurd, we dont have a partisanship problem, we have a conservative problem.
Aka Politics is turning into a religion of its own, makes people who are invested too much in it becomes delusional when facing data lol A decent amount of belief is good, too much belief and we have a cult. Politics is the same imo
Conclusion: Fake data on fake studies confuse people.
The answer depends on the sample size of each, if there's any hidden data representing "no change", and whether you consider "improving" and "worsening" to be equally opposite outcomes.
The difference between intelligence and wisdom
I think the idea of localized versus  global topics is something that should be taught as a part of high school curriculum. It would probably be worth just having examples of this basically be the vast majority of what social studies classes cover at this point. As technology speeds up people are going to have to learn to sort out the differences between the two to understand when a topic has become very generalized or not. Having a nuance over this sort of concept can be life changing for people.
The conclusions assume that "both sides" are acting in good faith, right?
You cant ignore real world context, with fake data, and then say they are arbitrarily influenced by politics. That is irony. Scrutiny is not = less reasoning.  If someone has higher numeracy, the only problem at that point, is validity of data. So the outcome of scrutiny here, is pretty appropriate!! This test just is basically saying, if you don't trust our evidence more than your pre-conceived ones, when you have no reason to, then you have less reasoning.
"Crime improved on average" true, as a criminal i leveled up from Pickpocket to Thug and unlocked the Mugging abitility and also now can do fetch quests for Crime Boss NPCs
im at 0:57 my train of thought is that if they all have the same amount of rashes and those numbers are the average over everyone then using the cream is 42 better(I might have done that wrong)  edit: hold up I'm now at 1:09 and he said something about proportions and now I'm thinking, let me check something... ok so without the cream the rash worsen to improve rate is about 2.97 but without is about 5.09 which makes me change my answer to be that the cream is worse, ignore my first answer  edit 2: I'm at 1:40 he just said exactly what I just thought
That's crazyyyyyyyyyy
10:50 You cannot avoid "loaded" terms for long or effectively. Those definitions changes with time, and these days, extremely quickly. As for dealing with local policies, turnout and corruption matter much more than any polling could ever. Hell, many states specifically outright ban local policies outright.  11:08 That's hilariously naive. Florida can have all of the bipartisan task forces it wants make all of the recommendations it wants. It won't convince millions to move away, it won't fix the economic problems built into the American system, and it won't exist in another 3 years. Lemme know when the Florida county level maps are correctly drawn with proper elevation and NOAA changes its soil permeation models to account for limestone dissolving into the standing water that certain parts of Florida will have 100+ days a year by 2040.  12:00 They are absolutely not more obvious to the average or median person, they're only more obvious to those that are already curious. Something like 18% of Americans still believe in an afterlife FFS.
When you say we are comparing apples and oranges About crime statistics But to get an accurate statistic on crime you need to be making a orange apple fruit salad to get the most accurate Statistic on crime then what the hell is the FBI wasting everybody's goddamn time Giving everyone oranges And calling you a fruit salad When everyone should know in this hypothetical scenario that you need apples as well? What the hell good does it do To only add 50% of the data you need in a statistic and calling it good? (っ °Д °;)っ
Part of the problem here is not just preconceived biases, but also lack of trust in the groups that do these kinds of studies.  I think it says more about how biased the studies typically are than it does about how open minded people are or aren't politically.  There are innumerable studies that show data both ways, so when we encounter another study, we're inclined to believe it is just as biased as the studies we've seen in the past.
Problem is: They assume the political bias is arbitrary, hence less rational. However, their ideologies, could have been developed from equally presented evidence, or far more, far stronger ones, that conflict with the one they just gave to them.   So now, these tests, are simply correlating scrutiny, and lack of acceptance of the FAKE evidence, due to real conflicting evidence, as "lesser reasoning", which is honestly ridiculous.
Wow dude you lied about the news in a Ground News ad.
Wow this took an unexpected turn
Throwing my skin cream away.
Something something confirmation bias
This study on numeracy and polarization also implicates experts in fields like economics. They may interpret data on neoliberal policies in ways that confirm their pre-existing beliefs or align with their professional interests. For instance, economists or policymakers with high analytical skills might emphasize benefits like GDP growth when assessing deregulation or tax cuts, while downplaying negative effects such as increased inequality or social disintegration. This bias may support policies that benefit the professional-managerial class (PMC) at the expense of broader social welfare. Thus, even highly skilled professionals may allow their analysis to be shaped by social and personal economic incentives, rather than purely objective evidence, when evaluating public policies.
0:47 I think the skin cream made the rash better. Let's say those numbers indicate units of rash.  The cream decreased the total amount of rash in the population by 223 units and increased it by 75 units. This is a net decrease of 148 units.  Applying no cream decreased the total amount of rash in the population by 107 units and increased it by 21 units. This is a net decrease of 86 units.  148 is greater than 86. Therefore, using the cream made the rash better for the population than not using the cream.
People who are pro gun know more about them and thus have additional variables to draw from. So your conclusion is fundamentally flawed.
Having no tribe, or deep rooted beliefs, I have always relied on data to form my opinions. While a good method in theory. I have noticed and had a conversation today about how hard it is to find reliable unbiased data on literally any topic. You have to gather studies and do statistical analysis on everything now. You use to be able to google or ask jeeves and get a fairly accurate answer or at least have a few good opinion sources pop up in the first 10 results. The internet is dead unless you subscribe to $10,000 dollar a year research publishers. Just a wash with BS.
The whole study has a glaring flaw: The TEDX speaker irrationally correlates reasoning, to abandonment of scrutiny.  He arbitrarily assumes political bias as the reason for scrutiny, rather than preconceived conflicting evidence. If he assumed the contrary, and treated scrutiny as reasoning, then the smart people would be of high reasoning, for criticising the FAKE data, beyond the math question.
It seems that many of the participants are not aware that the data is hypothetical and not based on a real study so they are falling back on their preconceived opinions on the topic.
This turned political very quickly.
The Duopoly in politics makes this problem even worse, I'm less willing to agree with research because the other side will use my acceptance of their argument as a premise that everything else I advocate for is wrong too.
What a great video.  Kudos, Veritasium.
When assessing a politically sensitive study, there are a whole bunch of extra issues you have to consider as to the motivations of the people running the study, and the motivations of the people bringing attention to the study. Another issue is the sample size, with the skin cream presentation I immediately assumed the two groups were the same size, with the skin cream helping some subset of people and hurting others, with the "no cream" group having a lot of people where the rash stayed the same. With gun control on the other hand, I didn't immediately make that assumption about the sample size being equal, because the people conducting the study don't get to choose how many cities enact gun control, and it doesn't make a lot of sense to throw out data on extra cities you have data for.
Interesting. Likely people could just run the numbers and get the answer but because it's a sensitive topic they forget the numbers even exist. Social media teaching us new levels of brain rot :D
I hated maths, maths was always the least favourite subject of many kids in maths.
Smart people struggling? At last, my time to shine!
Something like gun control (or global warming or fracking) has so many more variables that can reasonably be assumed to NOT have been taken into account. So it is not a direct analog with the skin cream data which was one "controlled" experiment with ideally as single variable changed. While I don't disagree with your conclusion, I do not think it is anywhere near as clear cut as you are making it out to be. Intelligent people are capable of coming up with numerous uncontrolled variables to any popular political issue, and an intelligent person should, rightly question the methodology of each study. THIS is proper science.
Theyre not doing worse, theyre doing as bad. Misleading title.
While I agree with the overall conclusion, I believe the approach of the experiment is a bit flawed. Asking people about a cream's effectiveness has less variables that can affect the outcome than a topic like gun control. Not saying I agree with either side, just that gun control is based on many more factors and thus makes sense when people are questioned how a random number correlates to crime rates would intuitively cast doubt on the result causing them to be less rational.
But I am not told how many people were assigned to each group
Incredible, its a snapshot of the public proficiency in mathematical reasoning. Dunning Kruger is 4-5 numeracy, after that the trends reverse!
A good start would be to teach young children how to think, not what to think.  I am mainly aiming this at religious indoctrination.  You teach children a load of make believe dribble, along with the threat of hell, it makes it very difficult in later life for them to care about what they believe and whether it's true or not.
This is what Scott Adams would call, 1 movie 2 screens.
All I heard was society would be much smarter and get along better without government.
The problem here, is in fact, probably not about numeracy, but about the liability of data and trust in science.   Especially in the recent years, we have seen more and more tentative to manipulate opinion with made up data (e.g. by formulating questions in a way that influence the answers) or by abusing science - and this might lead to a situation where people will fall back on their common sense instead of accepting abstract hypothesis, which they feel, it can be used to manipulate their opinion.
This is a misleading title, the more numerate people still did better on net, it’s just that they decreased their performance more.  Click bait but it worked so c’est la vie.
Actually...continue your research and you will see the "lie" that was there... it was not really apples to oranges... well it was but on purpose.  The FBI in a "Nation wide study"  just happen to leave out some of the worst cities in ... well the "Nation" they were studying.  And, the other side pointed this out to them shortly after that.  Showing, if you have a study that is supposed to be nation wide and actually show all of the nation... yes, it is up 40percent.  So, like the skin cream chart... to the ones that "make up" the numbers... they don't really matter. (to them)   Unless you want the truth, or live in one of those uncounted cities.  So make up some numbers and point to them on the news a lot on how we are doing so well and your rash will get ... to the point where no one cares anymore. This study does should one thing... the news is full of lies and the people...using a feeling ... numeracy... we just know that inflation is up... everything is high... all the while being told "its transitory"  then "there is no inflation"  then  "ok, but its up all over the world"  then " but inflation is a good thing" (my favorite..)  then  "its the other guys fault... he did it"  and us in our stupid numeracy... wait what's his fault... if its not even there in the first place?   Yeah, you can say lets all get together and sing KumBaYa... but whos going to tell us the rest of the words... the people that make up the news?        You highlighted, another story...i found some irony in.   "Combating sea level rise in Florida..."   ok... climate change... yeah i got it... the ocean will rise, we are all dead... got it... then why are all the climate change gurus buying multi million dollar mansions on the beaches around the world?  Seems like a bad investment... don't you think.  I mean it was only 25 short years ago that Al told us we had 5 years to change or else.  Yep... said then it was "global warming" every time they tried to have a globe warming summit... most attendees could not get there because of the unseasonably cold blizzards they could not get through.    Back when I was a kid they use to try and scare us with the next "ice age" is coming... it was global cooling... and its going to push all us Americans into Mexico.  Oh yeah, the whole in the Ozone ... that turned out to be a natural ebb and flow.... ha.   oops  least it got the women out of that big hair thing... Come up with some truth tellers and you wont need studies on how different folk see numbers different.
I paused as soon as the skin creme question was presented. I was pretty sure I picked the correct answer, (skin creme was worse) though I was also cautious in that assumption in case there was something I wasn't accounting for logically. Additionally, I was like "well, if this was real-world, we'd also have to consider the possibility of lurking variables that could give misleading results."  So, technically I got it right although I was not fully confident in my conclusion. But here's the lurking variable I don't have a way to eliminate in my own case: I knew the title of the video, "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse" which set up an expectation for me that there was either a single or multiple layer of counter-intuitive logic, which may have contributed to me taking my time carefully with the problem and ultimately *leaning* towards the correct answer. (And at the time of writing this, I've only watched to 2:07, perhaps the other puzzles will trick me.)
Before I knew the answer for the cream, I would say the cream makes your skin better but you probably shouldnt use it just in case based on the numbers :D
"avoid partisan rhetoric and loaded terms like CLIMATE CHANGE"  Bad take. Climate change is a topic where scientists should be LOUDER.
Wohooo W Eugenics time :D :D
Even Veritasium accepts Soros money. Remember the Ted talks ad justifying pedophilia. Just waiting for Derek's Mr Beast pedo scandal.
Why only one ‘thumbs up’? Excellent video, if only all Americans could see it before tomorrow!
It was very obvious to me which way the answers leaned.  The ratio was roughly twice the size, multiply the smaller numbers by 2 and it's roughly 40 vs. 75 -- very clear who won.
It's simple, it is about how much you trust the data. It's not about politics or anything, but how much you want to trust the information...
Oh, I’m a life long loner. I hate lies, so I don’t have a political home
"The smarter you are, the more likely you are to get it wrong" All right, I'm about to get this wrong as hell
Did he pronounce “reduced” as “redoosed”? 😂 Learn the “you” sound. You wouldn’t pronounce perfume as “perfoom”.   I appreciate too lemonade costume as costoom but please try & speak properly
If its about religious beliefs, Not a single one will be open to change their opinion
Every American history professor should be a rabid libertarian gun-nut (given the many thousands of years of atrocities inflicted upon hundreds of millions of innocent people by various tyrannical governments).  Yet most American professors of history are far-left, gun-confiscation-endorsing Democrats.  Why is that? 🤔
I've been speaking against the seemingly increasingly severe tribalism for a while now- and seeing this data doesn't surprise me. Maybe I'm falling prey to the same confirmation bias that they are, in this sense. I'd just like to highlight the consistency in trend on both sides and say this: We're all human. Deep down we're all the same, regardless of our beliefs or circumstance. Make sure to keep in mind that the person you're arguing with is just like you: a person who has genuine reason to believe what they're saying to be true. If nothing else understanding the other side of an argument can help you find inconsistencies. But hopefully we can keep open minds and become better people for it. Which is of course part of the premise this video is based on, that that state of mind is counter to human nature.
I'm so smart I look at the superficial information at hand to draw a conclusion.
Just curious, how was science curiosity measured?
i read about this study for a seminar i'm taking this semester that's funny
also gun crime stats are higher in dense cities with already strict gun control like chicago and LA
Eventually we run out of non-triggering words though.  We used to call it global warming, then that got triggering, and now we call it global warming which is now triggering.  What is the next phrase we can use that will make it less triggering and allow people to actually see the scientific truth of it?  I don't think there are words.
Ah yes "Smart people", the people that have no idea how statistics  and proportions work.
Well smoothly transitioned from a skin cream quiz  to a gun quiz.
of ohios 8 largest cities, crime dropped in 6 of them post constitutional carry
Really subtle way of saying that people shut off their brains when dealing with stuff involving politics.
It is american issue again. You people are super divided in terms of politics, you arent lart of a party, you are part of a cult. A woman being shocked and scared about how similar the opposite person is to her, shows the fewr mongering and hateful reterics are affecting your brains. Stop listening to politicians no matter what they say, look at their policies. Top lostening ti celebrities, they sre there to entertain, not to judge your morals.
You were at U of A! Go wildcats!
"Did the skin cream make it better?" The bottom set of numbers is irrelevant to this specific question.  The question is not "Did the skin cream do worse than the placebo?"(or non treatment, it really should have been a placebo)  _____  Gun control.  Numeracy didn't help because it's about cognitive bias here.  They want to see what they want to see.  (Confirmation bias?)  It's very clear in the answers sampled in the video, people are rationalizing why they think what they do(less guns = less crime from D), and virtually ignoring the numbers....unless the numbers confirm their bias.   The above two things are completely different ideas.  ______  People tending to keep their partisan beliefs despite DATA?  BECAUSE ISSUES LIKE CIVICS(ala gun control) ARE NOT ONLY ABOUT DATA, but a complex array of ethics, principles, and personal values.  Some people don't value the second amendment.  Some people really do value, under the auspice of self defense(and defending others).  This is not a data driven issue, it is ideologically driven.  A fake study about efficacy of crime reduction, or lack of efficacy, has nothing to do with the principle of self defense.  If you, or your sister, or some other person were being victimized by someone stronger, one would often hope that they have a viable means of stopping that victimization in it's tracks.  Statistical data about crime rates has nothing to do with the concept of someone you love being in a situation like that.  Jesus you're a lackwhit sometimes, Derek.
They would put it on the shelves because it "worked"  for some.
intelligent people are capable of seeing the ratio instead of the big number, and just as capable as seeing the domino about to fall on their own belief, and they answer accordingly.
Great job on this video!
I think the gun control question should have been first in the video. This way we can see ourselves how much non-openminded we are. My brain now is like 'oh yes of course I would have answered the gun question the same' even though I am not sure.
The cream problem is crap. People can be allergic to a cream, but cant be allergic to nothing, so of course the cream would have more people with worse rashes afterwards. Rashes werent even said to be from similar causes to begin with. Theres no reasoning, the question lacks any critical information to analyze. The cream could also work better if the sample sizes are the same and the rashes got worse because of allergies. It completly ignores any pharmacodynamics  ....  Edit: doesnt cover no changes in rashes either. Its an incomplete question.
Solution: Read Marx
Stop dramatising veritasium
"Smart people are better at rationalizing why they're digging in their heels on something" Well that's unfortunate to hear
Mass formation psychosis
Finally, a question I know I'll get right
I have always loved Veritasium's videos. I always look forward to them. This video feels like its a little rushed. Or rather it feels like i am not in right state of mind for this video. i tried to understand what numeracy is and still didnt get it! Is it the ability of people to understand numbers? how is it calculated? How is 2 different than 8? Numeracy is a new unit for me which i am unable to understand. And because of this reason i just couldn't follow along the rest of the statistics of the video. Not to mention the Gun control, the democrats, the republicans. Maybe this video is too American for me.
Good thing if you're not invested in politics, those kinds of questions don't affect you. I have so much apathy, at this point the math is more fascinating than the opinion.
Well this explains climate change and weather models.
We love you but there no such thing as `nearly infinite.` If it's not infinite then compared to infinity, it's near zero. ❤
Every good scientist will tell you you should disregard any data that doesn't have error bars.
I think if people get it wrong, it's simply that they don't have any concept of research statistics.  This is easy to solve with a calculator (as the percentages are actually quite close).  The researcher in me is more hung up on the fact that the control group used no cream rather than a placebo cream.  But... not understanding research statistics is how pseudoscience is able to thrive. If people don't understand how to tell what scientific publications are actually saying, it's fair game to claim they say whatever you want.
I challenge my own beliefs a lot. It takes me some very interesting places!
Click bait title, shame on you.
I shared this video and discussed it for a bit, and I find the methodology and overall message of this video to be deeply flawed. Something like skin creme is very easily a scientific endeavor; you can do something or you can not do something. This is not analogous whatsoever to comparing 2 distinct policy styles. There is no "do nothing" in that comparison. Additionally, this 2x2 table is deeply insufficient for even trying to represent such a scenario, I suspect a more accurate visualization would be some kind of graph where the X axis is "how strict gun laws are prior", Y axis is "delta of gun law modifications", and the Z axis (or just datapoint coloring) would be "how much was crime rate affected". Without containing at least that much information, the data presented is deeply incomplete and MUST have gaps filled by personal bias. For example: "We saw a majority of pro gun control cities decrease in crime, and the reason that the overall rate of cities decreasing was lower is because they were from areas predisposed to higher crime in the first place" I don't think such a reaction is anything but expected, and arguably correct.  Even the final message of this video I don't think is necessarily correct (the idea of utilizing bipartisan experts to create some kind of unbiased conclusion). Bipartisan doesn't mean neutral, it just means extreme in both ways. I might also point out that this same "reach across the aisle" rhetoric is something that ONLY democrats partake in, and its largely to the detriment of the party and its policies. While its obviously and undeniably a good thing to have an unbiased view of evidence and reality to come to correct conclusions, it is NOT a solution to put a 50% weight on an uncompromising fear mongering machine.
I landed on proportional reasoning right away, but then questioned the sample size disparity. "Did the skin cream make the rash worse of better?" Well, are we to assume that totaling such is the complete population size, or were there "no change" respondents? Why is there such a disparity between the two sample groups? Also was "better/worse" measured or self-reported? There's really not much to go on with these numbers alone.
I have goosebumps! I'm a center leaning moderate, and I've been saying the same thing for a while! When the lady said she attended Zoom meetings of the opposing party, and was surprised to find that they behaved the same as her own party, _that's what I've been seeing all along!_ I exist in my own tribe, one that's upset that people don't actually bother to do the research _both ways_ and never do the real math. I've been using an AI, not for it's opinion, which I recognize can be biased, but instead to help me collate data. What I've seen is disturbing. What I've learned is that there doesn't actually exist a 'correct' point of view, even on the charged issues. You might disagree. You might thing, "Well, sure, but the data says that X" But the truth is that half of that data is cited from a paper written 20 years ago, in which they cite a paper written decades before that. You might think that you have a bead on the scientific consensus, but that consensus is very often based on bad info. What I've determined as a reason/evidence minded, non-partisan moderate? Everyone is wrong. Nobody knows what's going on, and you can only rely on one thing. People who put themselves in positions to gain power don't deserve it! These days, I vote Left. Not because I prefer the rhetoric, but because Trump is inherently evil, and marginally more-so then his opposition. The evidence? He's placing himself in a position to gain power. Is Kamala? Yes. What separates them? Trump is more obvious in his attempts, and more brazen. Is Kamala inherently better than Trump? No. She's marginally more intelligent, and that's the only factor that distinguishes them. I don't trust her, I just trust Trump less. Why? Because he's slightly more honest, and that's a problem. He's honest about how corrupt he is. That's the sort of thing that we expect in politicians, corruption, but it's a problem when they come right out and admit it. Something the Right seems to have forgotten. If you're going to hire a corrupt boss, make sure they are good at keeping secrets!
Conclusion: vote for the cream that makes the rash worse.
Clickbait
Wow.  A sociology experiment with real world implications that anyone could understand. That alone is applause worthy.
This is nothing. Ask democrats if inflation was better during Biden/Harris administration, numeracy will go down the toilet and they will say yes 100%.
What about ppl without political beliefs?
Humans are selfish that can be posed like onion rings, from the center out.
That's what my biostat exam looks like !
Unfortunately, polarization is profitable for the media.
As someone who has changed my political views, I'd be interested to see a similar study that looks at political minorities. E.g., are Republicans in Blue states/counties or Democrats in Red states/counties any better or worse at this test?
People are concerned that they are being tricked into saying the opposing party's beliefs, so they will argue the party line and dispute the opposite party's belief just so they don't get recorded in a gotcha moment.
Don't worry, he's looking at it pragmatically.
Generally a big fan of Veritasium but the bothsidesism grated on me a bit here.   Its clearly visible in the charts that conservatives are more susceptible to confirmation bias than liberals. This plays out in many surveys (see: Krugman and partisan views of the economy during Obama, Trump, and Biden terms). Also, it's not a hardening of polarization if numerate liberals are more confident of answers to questions with objective, factually correct answers (e.g. climate change example).  This isn't the first critique of tribal bias. And we should all be self-aware about our own propensity to be tribally biased. But it has to be said that conservatives live in a more tribal, more biased, less fact-based universe than liberals.
I can see why you went to America to test this theory 😂
I see two things here.  One is people go with their gut felling more than the data, and two is people don’t trust/understand the data.  Sadly, I don’t blame them for doing either.
I passed the skin creme test, but I REALLY wish you would have started with the political question first to see if I would have fallen for the bias...
One way to fix it in US politics is to change from a bipartisan system to a multipartisan one.  Then nuanced opinion can be more represented, and these strong polarized opinions could be less common.
In the skin cream question, the ONLY correct answer is "insufficient data". Correlation does not equal causation, and there is no data to suggest that rashes got better or worse due to the cream.
Aren't we missing some important information in these "studies"? How many people were unaffected? If the control groop was 10.000 people and the experiment group were 300, it would mean that the cream was indeed more likely to make it better, and also more like my to make it worse. Or am I just one of the extra dumb people?
10:00 _"I've learned that people are not as dissimilar as we think.  That there is so many similarities between sides that we think share nothing in common."_  All a matter of perspective.  I had a friend where, we could both look at the same exact data sets, and I'd walk away saying they're similar, and my friend would be offended that I couldn't see how dissimilar they are.  Keep that perspective.  Things simply _are;_ all that changes is ourselves, and there's far more benefit to be had in seeing connection over disparity.
nice joke
Both sides fail to account that criminalizing possession raises the crime rates even if no other crime has been committed. Stricter laws = more crime. Looser laws = less crime.  If we made it illegal to own a hammer, it wouldn't reduce the amount of hammers in supply or reduce the demand for hammers. It would simply create criminals of people who owned hammers, create a black market for hammers, and increase the amount of not-hammers aka hammer like objects that can fulfill the role of a hammer. If they went a step further and said a hammer is any tool that can drive a nail in, and the act of hammering is now illegal. Again, it would create black markets and turn more people into criminals.  If the nuts and bolts lobby was powerful enough they may convince Congress hammers are dangerous and to pass such a ban so that their products would flourish and fill the market gap.
the overwhelming majority of people cannot separate logical reasoning from their own learned experience which is full of bias and in stressed situations will overwhelmingly pick the latter thinking they are doing the former. it has been pointed out in many prior studies that you need a certain amount of IQ to be able to truly entertain a hypothetical, that is, to read a provided data set and analyze it with logical tools while resisting the temptation to insert your own data during the process which is forbidden but apparently very hard to do for a lot of people. in other words they cannot distinguish logical coherence from empirical truth which are both nice things but are clearly separate things. this is fundamental in the scientific method.  if i asked "if all Deefels are dumber than all Reefels, and all Leefels are smarter than any Deefel or Reefel, which is the dumbest group?" a lot of people would get the right answer. but if i replaced "Deefel" with "Democrat" and "Reefel" with Republican, suddenly you would have a lot of wrong answers and irrelevant discussions which have nothing to do with logical reasoning.  it shouldn't be that hard to say "based on this data and this data alone, the conclusion is X." you can even follow up with "however, based on what i also know.." if you really needed to. if you can't do that, and if there is nothing about your numeracy or intelligence that would suggest you can't do that, then you just have an ego problem.
Wow
10:22 "It makes you think about what we could get done if we didn't have that burden." [Referring to the partisan political thinking.] There are a group of people who know exactly what we could do. They are the oligarchs who buy the ads that drive the elections, and who greatly benefit from income inequality. What could we do? Reduce income inequality and rebuild the middle class.
Clickbait title and inaccurate.  But good study.
Unfortunately, there is money to be made with division.
There is a hank green video that reminds me of these "studies". Where Hank talks about a math equation debate. What I think the right answer here is that, the questions themselves are fundamentally wrong. Decreased crimes with gun control or decreased gun related crimes with gun control? Do you think the latter is the right question?
Where is the song from for the intro of first 5 seconds, sounds familiar ??
03:02  the lady who says "i don't think the numbers mean anything..."
Got it wrong, like a genius.
My brain instantly saw the 21 and 75, a bit more a differnce than 100 sum and 220something
Where would you even find an honest data these days..? 😂
As soon as this video confirmed my opinion, I "liked".
We're not gonna talk about 1111?
I got the answer correct in a second , but with calculating proportionality , Idk if I am smart or dumb .
I immediately answered 4 before i knew the question, ya know, just in case.     Genius
Which proves to me, most people are stupid.  Not everybody, but about 80%.
I do wonder how much the interview context affects it. I, for example, would not want to be recorded saying that gun control increased crime, even if I was shown some alleged data for which that was the clear conclusion.
well the thing is that their anserw is not - this number is bigger (when it's not), they say "ok the number here is bigger but i question the method". And this is valid anserw. The thing is you can make up results, you can make bad science. And smart people know that. The key is if someone acknowleges correct anserw within the limits of study alone, regardless if it's correct or not. The guy who said "it's pretty close" was a case of not understanding that.
To validate survey should be asked process they made to arrive to that conclusions...
Educated and smart are two very different things.
Wow, so many folks in the comments b*tt hurt over a fictional study. 😂 Way to prove the point.
_"All I see here are people who will continue to hold partisan beliefs regardless of the evidence, all the while deluding themselves into thinking they came to these beliefs via an independent, sober consideration of the facts."_ Baha I died, Derek just throwing the PC PR book out the window and calling it like he sees it.  No ill-will or judgment in that message, either!  Nothing but love ❤ Mad respect
Am I too non-american to understand this video or what?
the good place hit it right on the nail  we still struggle to overcome the “us vs them” and to get to just “all of us”
First thing I did was work out the %'s.  Most people would assume an experimental cream would help? I'm surprised. I have the impression even the non-experimental creams from most places, Pharmacies included, on average, make things worse.  Not based on personal experience, I haven't been to a doctor and barely been to Pharmacies since I was a child. It seems to me they exist to make a profit, it's in their interests for people to think their products help and to need their products.  Their products seem to have a lot of consumers needing more of their products... If I had to guess there would be even less trust in the system in USA, less standards/ protections for the average person than here in Europe if I had to guess. Anyway, tiny sample data, interesting, but I wouldn't read much into it.
Multiple instances of success with conclusions/beliefs over time vs adapting to new information. Similar to old vs young. Tips on how to use an old tool better vs a new technology/approach. Players at the top of an esport, (Faker in League of Legends etc) are likely to have more confidence in some elements that are efficient/good. Eg. Mid-Jungle champion pairings or Item options on a champion.  They have done it many times and had success on it, these people can have success in part because they intuitively have a good sense of what would be good but over time they get more and more confirmation on the things that are. So when a patch hits and changes an element of that, they can intuitively have an accurate impression of how things WILL be due to both their intuition & intelligence.  I looked into it over years and it seems to me younger players adapt to changes in esports better, their skills come more from intuition and intelligence and less from experience (as in older players had previous success with similar but now changed elements, more).  Numeracy may just be an offshoot of intelligence in general and intelligent people may have a tendency to have more confidence in their conclusions (assuming they have had success with said conclusions perhaps). TLDR people with more numeracy might have more reason to stay true to beliefs/conclusions that in general have benefitted them/ (possibly are mostly accurate).  Even if that doesn't line up with the results of a dataset that they are in more of a position to organise into percentages, ratios etc.  Then again, if anything intelligence is neuroplasticity and being able to imagine hypotheticals and take them seriously. So again, young people have us beaten again, at least up to ages 21-24.
There's just ONE GIANT PROBLEM with this experiment!  Your asking people about things that actually have historical statistics. Global warming, gun control.. etc.  Key information about the question is missing -your not telling them that the study is fictitious. Then the numbers would need more scrutiny.  I am a statistician and I would have been fooled by this study. Only due to the fact that I already know the statistics on those issues and would assume you were showing me something factual. If you asked me about a subject that I didn't have prior knowledge of the statistics, like skin cream for instance, then I would take more care to analyze the question.  You can see people do this in the video -they just start talking about the nuances of the subject.  Love the channel! Thanks for all your work!
By psychology, this seems to be somehow intertwined with multiple biases The first bias is by the effect on their views, this seems to cause some difficulties in solving problems due to strong beliefs, no matter its religion, politics or anything else. And this leads to another issue, people don't like when they are proven wrong, this can be seen by them explaining their views outside of the numbers(like crimes might be linked to guns but not directly, rather indirectly and etc) and basically blocks out any rationality and numeracy in them. The third is that change has been seen as bad, especially when you're  an adult, a good example is changing workspace and you have to totally ditch your last habits just to fit in, its tiring. They think that they've mastered everything they need and when proven wrong, likely drive them into rage. Plus this can be further ensured by us social creatures being close to your own tribe, like "witches" being burned when girls know more math than their hardworking husband in medieval times. When you are different in your own group that you've joined, they ain't letting that go anywhere.
This is a video on bias. Noice.
I mean i saw the ratio 3 to 1 and 5 to one, but bigger number means to those that helped it really helped and to those that didn't it even made it worse, so conclusion was cream helps and if it's not, try other cream that will suit you xD, so ratio i ditched as an irrelevant factor because high number discrepancy...
THanks for this very interesting video. I believe the solution to this actually exists, and it's MEDITATION. It helps us stopping being so arrogant and so attached to our beliefs, so that we can see what is in front of us without prejudment
First case of skin cream worse, 74% recovery to 83% recovery.
gross and offensive oversimplification at 5:00 in. Love the content. Not the best take.
Okay but are the questions really the same, or even similar at all other than on the surface?  For the cream one, it heavily implies a clinical, possibly randomized, controlled studied about a simple, fairly objective condition. For the violence one, it implies some sort of epidemiological study or something, based more on correlations in the wild, about a widely complex and hard to isolate topic.  These are fundamentally different things - they aren't even mathematically the same, are they? Like, you can't apply the same math to both cases and expect it to make sense, can you? That would lead to the whole "ice-cream causes drowning" situation.   Anything more complex than directly asking for the proportion sounds fishy to me - my answer would just be "this data is way too poor to say much of anything" and, if instructed, pressed or pressured to "take a side", my only possible recourse would be to bring in my priors.  So, am I wrong in any of that? Or does the actual study account for all of this?
now, if only there was a place to get those facts. whether its on police violence, illegal immigration or crime.... that is not tainted and adjusted for all important variables
The way to understand this is through Bayesian statistics. In Bayesian statistics the reasonable outcome of taking in some evidence does not only depend on that singular piece of evidence but also a bias in terms of how likely something is in the first place. This makes sense statistically, because we kind of join each piece of evidence we have seen and weight them all together rather than only the lastest thing we have seen. If we have seen 100 papers on how suger is bad for your health and then you see one new one that conclude that it is good, then when weighting it all together it does indicate that it is still mostly bad, but there might be specific cases that it is good or that one of those that got it to be good was just hit by a statistical annomaly which you would expect to show up eventually when you have enough papers on a topic.  For the cases shown here we have certain preconceived notions that come from what we perceive as prior seen evidence, and what you could especially see in the shown interviews were that when people find something that goes against that bias they have from prior experiences they do not quite believe it, simply because it has yet to truely show itself to be statistically significant in terms of the experiences they have. We especially see people who talk about wanting to go in and take an extra detailed look at the details that could have lead to such a statistical anomaly. It actually even makes sense in terms of trying to become conviced of something else, because the amount of weight we can logically put to each piece of evidence depends on how reliable that piece of evidence is, and by taking a deeper look at something and not finding faults it gains higher weight. In other words such an action either results in finding it within the statistical errors expected and as such not a need for concern or it will try to put more weight on such a piece of evidence and as such make it facilitate a bigger move in the bias as it now more trustworthy.  If one is too easily swayed by some evidence, then it is way too easy to scam someone into believing something problematic, as you effectively just need to deliver the last piece of evidence, or in other words just need the last word in a debate. On the other hand if you are too hard to sway you can simply stay too long with beliefs that have been shown to not hold true. We see this from some parts of how propaganda works, where you just need something that sounds convincing on the surface to sway the easily swayed, while you just need to repeat things enough without allowing for counterpoints for those that are hard to sway to be locked into one set of belief.  In reality the main flaws that things like failures with logic around politics and propaganda comes down to are a combination of poorly testable belief systems, enough repetitions of the same thing which really should not be counted again and again, and people assigning weight to the evidence they see in a rather poor manner, as it is typically largely based around trust and that trust can easily be placed for all the wrong reasons and itself also pose an extra bias, such as you liking a candidate more because they speak to your current bias, which makes you trust them because of that resonance, and then they claim things which you put some measure of trust in based on that, even though that claim by itself should have not held very highly based on what evidence it was supported by.
3:17 Philmont Cypher’s Mine Staff on Right
So it's rational to be irrational when it comes to being rational, but we have to be rational about it.
Using maths to reason takes efforts . Using bias to reason takes zero effort . Why do people even bother to do studies on something so obvious 🤣
WTF is this like ratio
I think a part of the problem is the two-party system. It’s a lot easier to go us vs them when there’s only 2 options. Compare that to something like Denmark where there’s about 10 relevant parties, it’s a lot less us vs them in my humble observation. I’d assume cause it’s more of a sliding scale, instead of a hard either or
I don’t tells a person with a background in any research would know that the skin cream question is unanswerable, as no studies look for causality, they just look for correlation.  Also how can every patient have the same rash at the beginning?
All I got from this is that im probably anti-social😂
The good, acknowledging your personal bias. The bad, the title is a misleading as the video just proves that less intelligent people don't know the answer and the intelligent people answer based on their personal interest. And the ugly, reframing climate change as rising water levels might not improve outcomes and can even worsen the situation. Sorry, the experiment is not well setup and for me this is (one of) the worst Veritasium videos 😞
I would say “I love you” if it wouldn’t be geh :)
Well that just confirms what I already suspected. That politics causes brain rot.  My totally unworkable solution. Ban both of the major American political parties. Then maybe people would need to look at policies rather than just picking their own favourite team.
I work as a strategy analyst for a major retailer and on a weekly occurrence I have a suspicion or belief that something may save money, or be a better solution for the business. As I research and analyze data I am no longer surprised at how often I prove myself wrong and have quickly learned that data supporting for, against, or even no correlation for either are all equally valid answers. It’s not about getting the results I want but rather getting results period. I’ve applied this same practice to other aspects of my life and it has been very freeing (and humbling). Thanks for the video.
that is the reason scientific method and Peer review is the key, theres always a personal bias even to the most intellectual people even they think theyre right 100%. and letting the right method acted on its own by closing personal eyes then it's a win for all.
The two groups should have had equal numbers for a proper study or the results should have been stated as  proportions not as absolute numbers.  I notice this problem in real estate.   The price of houses had recently gone up.  I heard many of my co workers talking about selling their houses to take advantage of the high price and buy a better house.  Totally wrong.  You should wait for houses prices to drop and then sell.  Say I have a house that was $200,000 and want another house worth $400,000.   If I have equity of $100,000 in the house then I can buy the new house and get a mortgage for $300,000.    Instead I wait and the house prices double and my house is now $400,000 and the house I want is $800,000.  I jump to sell my house at the beautiful high price and now have $300,000 equity and buy the $800,000 house and I have a mortgage of $500,000.    So by waiting for my house to go up in price I now have a bigger mortgage on the new house than if I sold when the price was low.   Even after I explain it to my friends , they don't get it.   Sell low and buy low, that is the way to do it.
I wonder if there’s a follow up study. I would bet it shows people continue to make the mistake, even when they’re told that they’re doing it
the truth is, the answer in a normalized situation is skewed by the notion of being recorded.
The fact that the numbers were fake throws a wrench into the equation. Its a bit of a mind/focus trick. Are you searching for an answer to the issue, or an approach to reaching a correct answer to any question given the expressed numbers? People get caught in that dilemma, or actually, trap themselves in it.
we were all delulu but now we can be sigma
I'll send this video to anyone asking me why I'm not into politics
derek bro what is this you want us to spendour whole life watching your 4.332 billion ads
Derek Muller finds out ideology exists
when she says she only sees you as a friend, and you think it just means you need to sweep her off her feet with grander and grander romantic gestures
Soo, dumb people are dumb. got it!
8:20 this Tedard thinks he's making some profound point about how critical thinking leads to polarization, while missing the far greater affect of truth discovery from the practice of science. Consider the following study titled "Eminent Scientists Reject the Supernatural: A Survey of the Fellows of the Royal Society," a significant majority of Royal Society members identify as agnostic, atheist, or with no religion, with the study reporting that roughly 79.5% of Fellows fall into this category
Mr. Kahan did sound like Trump when not iny video😂 and competing apples to oranges😂😂
There's lies, damn lies, and then there's statistics.
this made me think of flat earthers… they delude themselves based on pre-existing beliefs
I like how the arguments against gun control are either valid, which is you cant just take peoples things away, or just made up arbitrary superstitions  - "oh criminals will still get them"
I wish I had seen the politically influenced data soon, so that I can see whether I'm biased or not. Statistically I am, I know.
Because of your title instead of giving answer straightforward I thought for about 10s and gave the correct answer, So I am not smart :(
This was a great video. I think the most important/detrimental thing we face as a society is how we associate political ties with morality. This is something I wish more people were talking about. I talk about this to people the same way an intense Christian talks about Jesus. Unfortunately, it often has a similar effect.
At 7:11 i don't think you can claim that it is the exact same data. The crucial difference being that in the skin cream example researchers were in charge of randomly and independently selecting the control group and administering the cream while the selection in the gun control study was done by the legislators reacting to the needs of a city. Which wouldn't be independent and would taint any potential conclusions.
No why are there no total participants and why are thery more subjects than controls. Are we not being shown who's rash didn't worsen or didnt get better. But if they are showing all the people then the number between the groups makes it hard to proportion it correctly.
Sadly I see republicans ignoring or writing off evidence instead of applying common sense. w.e go vote
7:20 there is a second difference, the skin-cream study was real - but now you invented fake numbers about gun control. That makes the whole premise useless.
This makes more sense when we consider religious people are more blinded by their ideology more than agnostic. I wouldn't say atheists are an exception to that as well.
Smart people did better overall regardless of the framing of the question.  They just lost more smartness because they have more smartness to lose
I feel like this is an extension of the dunning Kruger effect. But unlike with a specific topic the “dumbest” people are very aware of their short comings and have learned to think in depth about math problems. I’d pick a dumb hard worker over a smart bum any day of the week.
Woukd be interesting to do this exact same study except instead if numeracy, make it some Autism Spectrum metric.
I’d say, the more we see a subject in which we build a narrative in our head the less likely the analysis will be accurate. if the graph had subject matter that got people to make a story to explain it, the story will always interfere with the analysis, in which we will form the analysis to comply with the story  Political points are fine tuned meme’s meant for people to become take sides, so this would be obvious to me the accuracy of analysis would be wrong.  ‘Smarter” people, I would think, are better at crafting a justification.  I don’t think politics is special though, I’d bet you’d get [possibly softer] correlations with beef/chicken or black ink/blue ink because people have preferences such things
What about independent voters?
In addition to your points at 10:38, I would add belonging to multiple “tribes” makes us less susceptible to polarization because we are not dependent on a single one to feel belonging and safety. E.g when one is threatened, our entire identity does not collapse.
I answer wrongly...uhhh...guess I'm smart?!! Yeap, I'm definitely smart!!!
Popularized politicization through propaganda is evil in its clear ability to steal the intellectual resources from the civil populace, and corporate lobbyists are the primary source of this... So... Why tolerate them?
That the more mathematically literate people have a larger difference is hardly surprising. They have further to fall. I suspect that this is more binary, either you look critically or you don't. Then if high and low literacy is the same when not trying, the difference is in when they are trying which obviously is a bigger change for math literate people.
This is not about politics its about tribal alignment, and its old news!
Gavin Newsome has no number skills at all.  He compared Florida to California during the covid 19 outbreak.   Florida decreased the lockdown restrictions but California didn't.   So he started comparing the states but you can't do that.  Florida has a large older population and California doesn't  The younger people survived the covid while those over 65 or so had a good chance of dying.   But he made a direct comparison of the apples to oranges on a talk show and everyone agreed with him and clapped.   I went over all the math in the comments and it was very very difficult to explain to some people the logic behind it.  I always take things to the extreme just to get a feel for the driving reasoning.  Take a state with everyone over 65 of 10 million people and another state where everyone is under 30 and 10 million.  The over 65 state will have a high death rate , lower if they lockdown but still high regardless.  The under 30 state will have no deaths regardless of what they do.   Gavin Newsome was comparing two such states and you can't do that.  Another comparison was the heart problems.   Whether you got cardio problems after getting the vaccine compared to actually getting covid. (not everyone got covid who didn't get a vaccine)   They were comparing the wrong things.   You should compare getting the vaccine with everyone who didn't get the vaccine and see who has the most heart problems.   It turns out that getting the vaccine was the right option in both cases but all the news and Pfizer and other studies compared the wrong things and made the vaccine seem much less risky.
No tribe, no problem. Anti-Tribe since my parents nasty divorce. Do a study on children of cancerous divorces. I think you will find some very interesting trends on how non-normal we think. Depending on the age, most of us wished our parents would reconcile. When they didn't, we had wasted more than half our lives trying to understand them, their reasoning, or lack of. Ever since, we see the world with sadness. People using their emotions to justify non-rational beliefs and simply walking on (or away) from loved ones. It's sad to have these glasses, but refreshing to know that there is a skill I possess that seems needed in times of tribal regression.
Outlaw parties and make everyone vote. Boom.
We need principle of least action part 2 so baddd 😭😭
Regarding how polarized our electorate is, one need only look at the absurd amount of money spent on ads. The Ohio Senate race has $450M in it alone... Political ads are typically filled with, at best, misrepresentations or out-of-context quotes, or at worst, flat-out falsehoods, which then trigger the opposition to dig their heels in in an effort to "get back" at the other side. We're all annoyed to death by these ads. The junk mail is insane. The text messages are insane. The YouTube ads are insane. We all hate it. The money spent to produce it all could feed millions of hungry people for years.  We're polarized because the machine wants us to be. Love your neighbor, even if you don't agree with them on politics.
I think the second study overlooks a glaringly obvious issue, namely that on political topics like that, yes bias does play a part in their response, but also that the topic is much more nuanced and since ot is the case individuals participating in it most likely have done research to confirm their beliefs already. Whether or not they are correct is not the point. The issue is that the study was not presented honestly. In the case of the skin cream study whether people got rashes and the number of them that did was the only criteria to consider when giving an answer. For the gun control issue there are many more factors to consider. If the study were presented in a way that clearly stated that it was a situation in isolation and that the participants should only consider it to be some hypothetical then their responses would most likely be different. If the study specifically set out to measure the effect of our political biases when it comes to reasoning then I think it's valid and I have no qualms with it. If not then the problems analyzed were too different. The people participating in the study might even think that it would be used as propaganda for a cause and decided to give an incorrect answer due to them not wanting to further an agenda.
Confirmation bias is a real thing.
How do you constructively talk about a local solution to disarm innocent people without resorting to triggering buzz words?
One can only hope for such a bright future.
Problem: think too much  Solution: think less
Were they told these studies were fake before hand? I think that would make a big difference. If they thought it was a real study, then (if I understand right) what you are saying it shows is people look at contrary data with more scrutiny.
It all comes down to TRUST! We are, as a society, geared towards trusting people who are telling us things that reinforce our existing belief structure..  The obvious problem with that, is; there is NO SHORTAGE of people who are willing to lie to us, and say what people WANT to hear... So, what ends up happening is, people are presented with information that they want to believe, and hear, and TRUST that the person saying it is being honest to them. And because the other side is saying the opposite, it is immediately classified as "untrue" and "untrustworthy". THAT is the exact reason why so many people are willfully ignorant, of the danger presented by a second Trump term. They think he is being honest with them, because he is saying what he knows they want to hear. And, in turn, believe HIS insane lies about non-existent "fraud", because he's convinced them that "Everyone ELSE is lying, only (he) can be trusted.". It's a cult at this point... Literally, truly, genuinely, a cult.  He WILL lose, AGAIN, and he WILL LIE about non-existent fraud, AGAIN! And the scariest part, is that he's already telegraphed to his supporters that; "You can use WHATEVER MEANS AT YOUR DISPOSAL, no matter how illegal or violent it needs to be, to make sure I become the president.. and as long as you're successful, I will pardon you."  That is the EXACT MESSAGE he is sending by promising to pardon the "J6 insurrectionists". It's horrifying, and despicable, that he's made that promise.. and you can BELIEVE that if Biden, or Harris said something similar, it would be wall to wall, 24 hour a day, coverage and criticism of it!! They are NOT held to the same standard, and it's disgusting that everyone seems to give Trump a proverbial "pass" every time he says something abhorrent, or insane, or extreme (which, best I can figure, is EVERY SINGLE TIME that he opens his mouth!) and it's just waved off as "Trump being Trump". If he wants to "be Trump", FINE... BE TRUMP.. But go do it somewhere else, where the stakes aren't quite so high!!!! He's not even qualified to be the spouse of a member of a small town school board... Let alone hold the highest position in the land... This MAGA insanity HAS TO STOP, and these people need some INDUSTRIAL GRADE DEPROGRAMMING to help them come to terms with the reality that they were conned by a lifelong grifter and con artist.. To help them to understand that; their "Lord and master" has actually been lying and scamming them out of their money for about a decade at this point.  I always wish to convey to MAGA members: "Just because Trump is bad, and you voted for him, doesn't mean that you're bad too. I can wholeheartedly forgive anyone who voted for him in 2016... I mean, I GET IT... You saw him as an outsider who would shake things up in Washington. I always saw him as a failure and liar, but I can at least _understand why_ you might have voted that way. It doesn't make you a bad person. I can forgive someone for voting for him AGAIN in 2020. (Though, arguably, I believe that the proceeding years were already a fantastic example of how corrupt, unhinged, and unfit of a leader he was, but... I can respect if someone feels differently about it. But then... J6 happened. We all watched it unfold on LIVE TV!! Who doesn't understand what happened??!? Voting for Trump AGAIN, after ALL THAT HE'S DONE, ALL THAT WE'VE LEARNED... *THAT DOES* make you a _bad person,_ but moreover.. it makes you a BAD AMERICAN. He STOLE HUNDREDS OF TOP SECRET CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS ON HIS WAY OUT, AND WAS EVEN *RECORDED SHARING THAT VERY SAME **_EXTREMELY_** SENSITIVE INFORMATION* WITH PEOPLE WHO LACKED ANY FORM OF SECURITY CLEARANCE!! An act that is so WILDLY IRRESPONSIBLE, that it genuinely boggles the mind!! I'm at a loss as to how ANYONE could think that someone so abhorrent, so disgusting, so lacking character.. _should be the President AGAIN!!_ Please don't give this mad man ANY POWER, or ANY AUTHORITY, over the United States of America. For it's that level of power given to a craven wannabe dictator that could be our very undoing.
The only thing I know for sure is both sides are gonna hate this video 🤣
Who decides what is or isnt "hate speech" or "misinformation" and gets to censor/suppress it?  Serious question. Is it just the party that is in power?  Do we not see how that could be abused?
11:45 The graph pretty much sums up why Americans should vote for Kamla.
I'm not sure that using the same numbers for crime in regards to gun control was the best idea. It's such an enormous change that it's a glaring red flag for some kind of rigged study and anyone who knows how that stuff actually works should have been questioning the validity of it at the very least.  As far as I know there have been places that did go from strict gun control to free concealed carry and went from high crime to almost none, but that took several years and were all relatively small communities. There aren't any particularly credible statistics involving the reverse that I have ever heard of.  There is a really good point in this video though. We need to focus on the actual problems and their root causes. All of these side crusades are nothing but a distraction that serve little purpose, and the constant deception through statistics has not helped matters in any way.  On the topic of guns counting 18 and 19 year olds as children, but not children 2 and under to inflate numbers is kind of obscene. Things like that are why people lack trust.
so most people are stupid? nothing new
I'd like to know what the questions were to establish numeracy and what the rubric was for grading it
I have to say, one of the hardest and yet liberating things to understand is that I can be wrong. Learning that I can be wrong (and more often I am) gives me the opportunity to learn for myself. I'm still wildly opinionated, but very willing to accept being wrong or being uninformed. With that said I would like to think I would have got both of these examples right, but I don't know if I would.
I fully acknowledge that Higher Education produces a greater portion of highly educated citizens however, I also recognize that some of the "Highly Educated'' are willfully ignorant as they actually believe they were educated correctly. With that "belief", they abandon critical thought and surrender to assumptive conclusion. This is why I laugh a lot at political supporters. I recognize that both sides must actively employ willful ignorance in order to support their respective representatives. Neither side will admit they were targeted for manipulation by the conmen/women they prefer, demonstrating exactly how successfully they have been manipulated.
That example you used during the sponsored segment pretty incorrect. Right leaning people reference the same FBI report.  The FBI recently updated the report and did not inform anybody at all, and it shows crime has indeed increased.
I was too caught up by how this skin cream's study's control was nothing rather than a placebo cream and not being double blinded.
Shut off the damn TV, unsubscribe from the FB/IG/Twitter feeds
Yeah, but the scientific method is only going to get you so far in politics. There's also the moral aspect of whether it is morally okay for the government to steal people's guns, whether the government should be allowed to steal people's property when they haven't committed any crimes and responsible gun owners, perhaps even hobbyists who attend firing ranges on a regular basis to compete with each other based on accuracy and whether criminals would be willing to obey such laws seeing as how criminals aren't exactly the most law abiding citizens in the world and might try to hide their weaponry, not to mention the enormous manpower it would take to send SWAT teams out to go door-to-door to seize all of the weaponry. There's more to politics than simply pure, raw pragmatism. Doing studies and gathering data isn't going to inform you on how important that information is or how to use that information, and you can't use data gathered to decide on your moral compass. Your personal values are not scientifically quantifiable in nature. To try to rationalise away somebody's core personal values is to act dismissive towards that person which isn't exactly nice or necessarily going to change their mind. Sure, human life is important, but how much freedom and privacy are you willing to give up to a nefarious government looking to exert its will on the populace and force them to live as how the leaders believe to be the only morally acceptable path and any deviation shall result in imprisonment to maybe save one single life and do you trust that government's data it is using to justify all of thst authoritarianism when it is in the best interests of the government to lie in order to get that power? I personally don't buy into the notion that we should give up 100% of our freedom and 100% of our privacy to the government even if doing so would result in more lives being saved. By that logic, everyone might as well be locked up into their own individual padded cells and never allowed to leave if staying alive as long as humany possible is the only thing worthwhile. I don't think it would be worth the trade-off of maximum safety as the cost of having zero freedom and zero privacy because that isn't a life worth living because it isn't your own if the government decides your path for you, the ability to at least seek fulfillment is important and safety isn't the only thing that matters to the point of being prioritised above absolutely everything else. There's a balance to be struck there. If we didn't think there was a balance, we would never leave our homes because driving, flying on planes, crossing the street, sitting on buses are dangerous and you might die in an accident, people wouldn't eat cheeseburgers, get fat and die or smoke cigarettes get lung cancer and die at age 40 if we really truly only cared about living as long as possible. Looking at the stats to see how to minimise number of deaths really is going to lead to Demolition Man style dystopian future whereby you have no experiences, no fun, and no joy because anything fun is a risk factor or unhealthy in some way, where you can't enjoy life and you can't decide on your own destiny because the state has decided for you. It's Plato's Republic. Stats should inform your decision, they shouldn't decide for you because how you decide to use that information should be based on your moral compass and where you think the balance should lie.
I used to think that most people are really dumb, but they're actually not. I assumed that they were employing some form of logic similar to my own, but flawed. Naturally, I concluded that if I pointed this out, they could correct their error. It never worked, and I couldn't figure out why. I questioned myself. I doubted my conclusions. Then I realized something. Most people CAN think. They just don't. It's wasted effort. The whole point of society and generational knowledge is that we don't have to reinvent the wheel. The problem is that this works far too well, and people rely on it too heavily. They never develop critical thinking skills, because just accepting common opinion keeps you fed and clothed and sheltered. The real question is... for how long?
Politics and religion are so similar to each other in how they can affect a persons rationality.
So the video is just saying vote for Kamala Harris...
I thought the final answer was going to be just let AI decide everything :)
Reasoning is the slave of passions. - David Hume
Politics is the great equalizer. It makes everyone an idiot 🤣
I think you would like reading, “The Righteous Mind,” by Dr. Jonathan Haidt. It delves deeply into sociological and political concepts similar to what’s presented here.
Americans and guns omg. I just can not believe whenever this topic gets brought up man. How hard is it to see something so basic.
I think you undersell the value of believing in your tribe's conclusion. It's not just that ostracization is deadly, but more potent, distributed experience is more powerful assimilator of empirical knowledge. You don't just get outcast for eating the gross herb bro said was gros, you die. It was a deadly herb. We are conditioned to participate in social reasoning. Tradition is the corpse of wisdom.
This is not a good study: treatment of a skin rash has a proper control group and sounds like a reasonable experimental protocol (it should be easy to randomly assign trial participants), but some cities banned guns and some didn't is a mess (its not at all obvious that there wouldn't be huge confounding factors). Just because this study tells a "nice" story people (like Derek)  assume it is correct and good science... how ironic
people are based.
Everyone needs to watch this and self reflect
Some of us can get the numbers right and know that just one study (especially when you lie to them) is insufficient to form a conclusion. Did you bother telling everyone you lied afterwards?  Your conclusions are greatly muddied by presenting false information as true and asking people to reflect on it, so political bias is just one form of many possible methods where getting the right answer to the question would be formed by prior knowledge, rather than a single graph of often incorrect data.  If you didn't tell them, you're actively teaching people incorrect information... Trolling basically.   I hope you told people afterwards.
So being social is more important to people than being rational.
What? The cream  clearly Works,  Are que Just ignoring the population that nas no change in hashes?  The chamar that i have no hash afther the cream is way better them no cream
12:08 Yeah obviously including you. Did you get the vax?
Derek, I think you really resemble Magellan.
Does seeing the 3x vs 5x immediately and going "dummies fall for big number good" right as the first dude answered cream helps make me dumb?
Excellent take on the subject. It's really interesting data when you look at it. Now, I'd like to add a viewpoint that one could say is 'polarising' in of itself... religion. Now, I'm NOT trying to start a debate about ANYONE's religion, simply add another 'take' to the data in this video. See, I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses (take that as you wish, I'm not going to go into our beliefs here) and what was demonstrated here actually matches what we've found over the past few decades. The results of this study didn't actually surprise me. On average, regardless of available data, research, lines of reasoning, etc... the truth is that the VAST majority of people simply don't want to hear what we have to say at their door. (For those of you who disagree with our reasoning, that's fine. I'm not trying to call anyone out) ALL of us like to think of ourselves as rational people, capable of changing a strongly held opinion if the data shows that opinion to be less accurate. However, the facts seem to show that all of us are more driven by certain forms of bias than we might like to admit. It was just a very interesting study to have taken place and I enjoyed this video's take on the subject.
I always thought I was more rational than most people until, on many occasions I caught myself being a snob and shut to opposing opinions. I realised we trick ourselves to believe things and give them what we think is a rational explanation. But that train of thought just makes us anxious constantly.
Well, looking at “which number is biggest” does not seem like a particularly intelligent way of approaching a problem… You keep calling that “intuitively correct,” but I think that’s BS. It makes no sense. You’re presenting groups of different sizes, so it’s like comparing apples and oranges and expecting a sensible result without accounting for that difference. You obviously have to look at the ratios and compare THOSE between the two groups. And it’s not that the cream “on average made rashes worse.” The correct terminology is that the probability of the rash getting worse was higher for the group using the cream. Plenty of people used it and had their rash get better… but based on the  ratio of improvement vs worsening, it seems likely that their rashes got better IN SPITE OF the cream, not because of it! 😂  And the gun control version of the question, people are clearly answering based on ideology. How is that a surprise? Of course they’re going to do that.
One of my high school classmates would go on to earn a PhD. And I remember being in a comment section on her Fb profile back in 2016. She's an ardent leftist, pretty sure she's also a Marxist, but she declared that her beliefs are all scientifically valid and verified because she's a scientist and would never accept a political position that wasn't.... ...... ....... ........ yeah, okay...
I don't think that the research is capable to include everyone, I have no idea if I'm stupid or intelligent, but It didn't resonate with me, I'm isolated, so I don't see approval, and I'm a little here and a little there trying to learn and comprehend all sides always, rather then to totally polarize myself. I seek balance, so I am balance.
Huh?😮 it's a 2x2 table, used extensively in epidemiology
Wow, I'd be very interested to see how this affects peoples views on Evolution 🤔
I'd argue that in the gun crime variation, the decreased "success rate" can't be completely blamed on political beliefs preventing objective thinking.  There are two more problems:   1: Distrust in studies about politically charged topics. There are too many cases of studies or their outcomes being manipulated, and that makes people distrust studies that go against one's personal perception of facts and logic.   Yes, you can argue that this just tries to excuse the behavior discussed here, but I would argue that it goes both ways: some ignore inconvenient data and claim it is biased, while some studies really are biased and try to deflect with "people just don't want to see the truth.  But there's a bigger issue with this particular experiment...  2: the numbers make a lot less sense in the gun variation than in the cream variation!  The cream variation sounds quite straightforward. Rash got better or worse.  But with the gun variation, it's not as easy: how much better did it get in each city? How much worse? Were there other changes in those cities that could explain the changes?  We tend to assume that other factors were controlled in the cream study. That it was some sort of clinical trial. No participant was likely to have moved into an area with much more poison ivy around (or if they did, they'd be excluded from the trial)  But did the gun control study monitor different factors? Like significant changes in the city's population numbers or a economic downturn?  And how much did the crime numbers change in each case? If there were 800 cases compared to 795 the last year, is that considered as a worsening? Does it count the same as a city that went from 800 to 2100?  When the numbers don't seem meaningful, they probably won't be considered in the argumentations (and, of course, this also ties into the previous point).
8:37 must be PhD student
I thought the title was misleading at first, but then it all made sence: you are smarter -> you are better at blending in with your group -> you are better at finding ways to interpret data that supports the position of your group
IMHO it's just different interpretations of a poorly presented question, the skin cream one. I had read it as "both test groups were the same size, people for whom the cream neither improved not worsened the rash, were omitted". It doesn't make it a logical problem, as it's still risk vs reward & that's subjective, but it's an entirely different conclusion.
for some reason americans are never good at numbers or reasoning or logic. reminds me of that time americans didn't buy the 1/3 pounder burger because they thought 1/3<1/4 lmao. this is such a stupid video though. one side is trying to fit in with racist nutjobs and the other side is just a well meaning bunch of people. edit: also, the 2 studies were not equally weighted. one was testing numeracy and the other was based off a real life issue on which actual data exists. why not try something more neutral? like wearing seat belts improves or worsens accident outcomes?
10:49 This isn't a solution because this automatically assumes that there is something to be done or policy to be enacted about any proposed issue or statistic. Liberals and Leftists constantly attempt to push their policies even when statistics proves their theory for *why* something must be done is wrong. But Liberals never consider this possibility because they assume a problem a priori. This is why the sterotype of Liberals is smugness.
Why does the gun control study have to be fictitious? The study could have used real data. Disappointed.
John 18:38a NASB95 Pilate said to Him, "What is truth?"
Jonathan Haidt has done really great work studying political tribalism and writing about it. Hearing his talks and reading some of his papers really helped me to check myself and to identify it in politics and among my friends and family. I’ve tried for years now to bring awareness to it, but people are just so blinded by their biases that they can see it in the other side but can’t see it from themselves.
I don't get it. Sounds like those that are biased ignored the numbers. Where does smart or dumb come in?
Does this conclude that high numeracy liberal democrats are the most logical reasoner?!
Just one problem with this is , as one of them mentioned: crime increased and reduced is very ambiguous in terms of crimes related to guns or not. Lunlike rashes that have direct effect from a cream (which is meant for rashes), crimes can mean several things where a lot of them do not involve gun or even physical contact in any sense. Which can be a reason for tad bit skewing of results. No denying the influence on tribalistic mindset on polarisation but this data feels wrong
"constructive solutions" ... don't win elections.  :(
I used a calculator cream group had a 33%failure/success rate and no cream group had a 19%failure/success rate.
This entire video is misleading garbage, the title included
Brainwashing is real on all sides. Turn off your TV.
Results: politics make up stupid.
When people are shown real facts, they still won't believe it.  Even if Trump himself comes out and tells MAGA he conned them, they'd still not believe it
The lady who said she needs to know the skin condition 😂
You are not immune to propaganda
I would think that anyone that pays attention to win/loss statistics in sports would immediately know which record is better,
But i got it right though, so am i 🤔🤔🤔 1:18
So if i get it right im stupid, and if i get it wrong and im stupid? So im stupif either way 🎉
to unite ppl is to give them a common enemy, a single neutral entity should be in charge..... win win
News is all too much muchness😂
What could we accomplish if none of us thought it was ok for a r*pist who constantly spreads misinformation, who tried to violently overturn an election, should be considered a presidential candidate? I wish both sides could agree on that but maybe we are all biased! I should be more open minded about taking away women's rights and telling people haitians are eating pets.
First you must define what is right. It’s not possible, so, you know everything else is out, science. Numeracy, whatever you are approaching the limit of epistemology
First study: My comment is that this isn't a good study design, fictitious or otherwise. The control group should use a neutral, unmedicated cream to control for placebo as well. That said, from the data, the cream was worse than nothing, so made the rash worse. Also, as someone who suffers from psoriasis, a rash is not a rash is not a rash. What kind of rashes are these? I get what they're trying to say, but an _actually_ scientifically literate person just looks at this fictitious study and facepalms.  Edit: Okay, this didn't go where I expected, but the gun control version makes no sense at all. What are the numbers even representing now? Am I expected to believe they surveyed the better part of a thousand cities that "recently enacted" one set of laws or the other? I just don't. Are they crimes in the cities in total? Then why are the columns labeled "increased" vs. "decreased"? I find it unsurprising what the political bias did... but I do find it surprising that the high-numerancy people didn't question the entire premise. Surprising and dismaying...  I think what concerns me most is how few people in the footage questioned the data _itself._ The one woman who did had me cheering inside. What does it _mean?_ What was the rash? What was the cream? Why was the control "nothing" instead of a neutral cream? I literally can't imagine what the numbers are even _imagined_ to mean in the gun control version.
This wasn't about numeracy.. it was an example of the intentional stupidity of tribalism.  For the record, this issue is really bad in the world of science. Getting grants and published papers is nearly impossible if you go against the 'consensus' opinion. Scientific advancement has been extremely stifled due to this mindset and many have been harmed because of it
It’s interesting that democrats were much less partisan at low numeracy than republicans
@veretasium There is a problem with the data presented. And if it were an actual scientific study the result must be in conclusive. There are two faults in the data, a. The top and the botttom grp total number dosent match what this does it creates a bias as bigger number will be seen as mire likely outcomes. Thus the study itself is manipulated to get wrong result and has no correlation to the literacy of the contestant. B. To prove an inability all other factor need to be eliminated the question put forth by the presenter is in adequeate thus can lead to more creative freedom in terms of deducing a logic. If he had set more constrains in the question itself the logical reasoning of people would have been more acurate  All in all the question are wrong to even draw this conclusion  Edit: the data presented means the frame work of the question and not the conclusion of the video.
so basically politics makes people stupid
I would love to know the distribution of people in high and low numeracy score by party affiliation.
The problem is a skepticism with whatever the new paper de jour is. Not saying people have arrived at their conclusion rationally, but if you got presented with a paper that completely upended your world view, you would regard it with skepticism. Somewhat right too; science is rife with reproducibility issues (some sciences are little better than a coin toss), politically/economically motivated authors and sponsors, etc . To me, a new paper announcing something radically different to what I believe is met with "hmmm. I'll wait for someone to reproduce it. And then another for good measure"
I got the first question right....Im I dumb?
Spoiler: Crime rose. Dem States not only changed laws to not punish certain crimes (so they didn't get recorded) or neglected to share the numbers of certain crimes)  Crime has gone up, and honestly regardless of 'side' any person in office who is intentionally misleading people just to win a political argument, should be removed from office.  I've detested tribalism since I was a kid, as well as lying. I saw how people would act totally fake in groups and never say what they truly thought, just to fit in. It made me feel sick and lead to serious trust issues. How could I trust people more focused on fitting in, than being accurate?  Lies are a waste of time and breath. Nothing is achieved with them other than causing a need for more and more lies to cover up the first. Problems can not be solved with lies, and the more people involved with/manipulated by the lie, the less likely the real problem will ever be solved.  While the result of my position often leads me to being on the outside.. it's worth it. I'd rather have touch with reality than be lost but included in a group of delusional or dishonest people. Tribalism is  toxic when based upon fantasy.
Moral Roots Jonathan Haidt
I can't understand how people accept the full agenda on any of the sides. Both are terrible. One promotes dogmas wars and monopolies. The other promotes degeneracy and   victimism. They have to separate economics from culture, should be in a sigle usless package.
As a pharmacist, i'm biased from the beginning😂
I remember a Neuroscience Proffessor said rationality is something that's not on our nature, and we have to practice it.
Yes get rid of math! It's never done anything for science or humanity! Damn it to hell!
the question is inherently flawed. The question was "did the skin cream make the rash better or worse." This question does not suggest that the answer is related to the results of no skin cream, so that is assumed and completely undermines the reasoning in 75% of this video
I did my master’s on this same experimental phenomena, base rate neglect. There is a lot at play here when using topics with congruency and biases involved, unfortunate @veritasium didn’t investigate it further.
My question is how to improve numeracy in our ?
the dumbest video from this channel so far
Pass this test to qualify for DENSA membership :-D
Hi guys i love almost everyone of your videos but the click bait titles are so bad an uninformative that i have a reaction to not want tot watch the video. please can you reconsider and stand on the quality of your content rather than trying to trick people into watching it or whateever the plan is with this terrible style of title. thanks for reading my comment
I find this actually kinda dumb, like, what do you expect? Most of these issues are not news, and a guy showing you some data on the street for a video might make you stop and think why they are doing it, like, are they gonna use me as propaganda to say something that i cannot verify is true? and that i know is wrong? This just feels disingenous , cause we dont know their knowledge beforehand for each political question, lets say climate change, are you gonna tell me after i have done my due research for  so many studies, that now this guy showing me some white board with some random numbers with no source and telling me to just judge the numbers and say the opposite of what i know is true for a video?... I dont know, its not that stupid and i cant judge the numbers, is that you are asking me to judge some numbers against my previous knowledge...  This study assumes all these people have never research anything and they just believe it ideologically for religious reasons, like lets say i believe in god, so i dont believe in guns or whatever, but i never research how gun control in australia stopped mass shootings, and gun crimes, or how america is the only one with school shooting problems etc etc...  Am i wrong to think this? i feel like this video kinda shows that nothing really matters because 1 side will always think 1 thing and the other the opposite, but i disagree, 1 side is guided by science and facts, and the other is not... you cant compare saying 1 side is being just as wrong when they are being asked to lie about their previous knowledge, however i understand the other does lie even knowing they are wrong.
I would have gotten that question correct when I was 6 years old.  What kind of "smarter" people are you talking about?
Is being able to identify the bigger number make you smart?
I went directly to count the ratio, not how big the number is. Only children and stupid person will do that. However, on gun question, I will ask first, where did he get the data? Or is it fictitious? If it's fictitious, then I'll still give the correct answer with angry face😏.
First half of the video: 👀 Second half: 🪖🗣️
but what's the real data on gun control????
Skin cream is definitely a different topic compared to crime statistics and gun laws
The only thing I got right and it only proves how dumb I am.
Thank you for being nonpartisan and just sticking to the facts!  I think we are all collectively tired of people trying to force their political opinions on us and was worried this would be the same.
11:23 Ah no no no no, fostering that will lead people to "question" things, events and happenings certian groups can't have that, and new *isms will be made up to make you submit.
There is an excellent book by Jonathan Haidt called The Righteous Mind: Why Good People Are Divided By Politics and Religion. Haidt likens the mind to the rider of an elephant, and the heart is that elephant which the rider rides. The rider does not control the elephant, the elephant will do as it pleases. The rider's job is to justify what the elephant does so people do not get angry at it.  The parallel between this analogy and this video is amazing. With the politicized question, the hearts of the people want to believe the data aligns with their ideology, so their mind will make excuses for their heart's desired answer. The politicians in the brains of the more numerically skilled are working extra hard to make sure that their view of the world is not shaken. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who found this video interesting.
why is the control group so much smaller?
I presume the original study was done properly. The data in the video are incomplete and ambiguous, probably intentionally to confuse people on the street. To give an answer on the street, you must assume the number of people in each group. The people on the street naturally assumed the groups were equal in number, they assumed you weren't trying to mislead them.  The better way to phrase the question:  cream group total of 298 people, 223 got better, 75 got worse. No cream group total was 128, 107 got better, 21 got worse.  I had to assume there was no participants where the rash did not change, other wise my totals are incorrect. For example the total of each group might have be 10,000, then I would safely assume that cream had little to no significant effect on the rash (i.e roughly 2% vs 1%).
nothing can describe how proud i was of myself that i got the first question right
Most people get it wrong because the two groups are not the same in size and no one normalized the results. Bad Bad Research.
I have heard of this issue for years now and I think it is important point. That said; One of the glaring fallacies here is similar to the fallacy of Polls.  The people do not have an investment in a poll or in this study,  They are not truly engaged.  Further they are not only evaluating the numbers they are evaluating the pollster /researcher at the same time.  In the moment as presented in this study it takes only a spilt second to accept confirmation of a long-held opinion.  It takes a lot more intellectual processing to accept your long-held opinion may be incorrect.  Pay them to go home and think about the study and the data and you might get different answers from what they share in this short term modestly confrontational setting.  You run into similar problems in other setting where people prefer to get their point across rather than engage in some serious listening to facts.  This was well demonstrated in this video.  In my career when interviewing subjects it was always remarkable to me how peoples answers to a series of questions on a subject would prove contradictory.  Love this channel
I'm non-partisan. I don't subscribe to the ideologies of any political party. If the data is there, I'm skeptical (not only if it challenges my beliefs) and want to know about the selection bias, response bias, and any motive they had for gathering the data along with the sample size and methodology. Just because someone agrees with me doesn't mean either of us are right. I would probably have had trouble working out the problems in the examples on the street, because I'd have wanted to pull out a piece of paper and pencil, so I can do the numbers and check the relationships. Without that opportunity I would probably have guessed the thing that's most in line with my current beliefs, because our brains take shortcuts like that. We pretty much have to.
Here's our long due misleading video So the future ones can be normal ones.
Solution: critical thinking and media literacy both need to be taught at a young age
10:15 She's exactly right!  I point that out to people regularly, but I suspect they don't pay much attention.
I'm just glad I can still do some level of mental math.
My take away is that social media is bad for society. I can agree with that.
"An element of TRUTH"?
we really are just monkeys tryna get by huh
All this does is prove the bar for being intelligent is higher than we think. And intellectual honestly and openness is surprisingly rare. I cannot comprehend the mental gymnastics, conscious or subconscious, that idealogues go through every day.
Wait, you suggest focusing on local symptoms and ignoring the greater cause of the symptoms to prevent arguments?  Nice work, Derek. Your solution guarantees that the water level will inevitably rise to a level that cannot be controlled.
Focusing on the more localized issues seems to me like treating the symptoms instead of the disease. You can build dams and storm drains all you want, but levels will keep rising if you don't address the climate issues.
I don't really like when this is presented as smart people do worse.... They do worse than they would do on a nonpoliticized topic but about the same as a "not smart", at least thats what the charts looked like. I worry people think that they shouldn't trust experts based on that kind of clickbait phrase
The study is flawed. The problem is that there is a lot of external factors that it is not taking into account. Not only do people already have an opinion on the topic (as opposed to a random cream they never heard of), but republicans are naturally sceptical of studies that contradict previously known facts, especially towards a liberal viewpoint, because *_it has been done before deliberately._* It is far more likely that a study proving them wrong is manipulated than that they're actually wrong.  But I agree that the two sides are more alike than different. This is why freedom of speech and discourse is important. But I ask you this: Which side is against freedom of speech? Which side refuses discourse?
A problem with any society becoming totally non partisan ideologically, is that an unscrupulous individual/group (holding a different value set - predator/prey ideology) will abuse the "united front" - from outside and  either reinsert a partisan element, or become the autocrat - over all the non partisan serfs.
I feel clickbaited.  Data showed that "smarter people" (7~9 numeracy) did better than the average people. 1~3 are less sure of themselves since they know number is their weak point. The 4~6 are the people have the confidence to argue and be stubborn but are not truly smart.
Something something confirmation bias
3:03 you know who she gonna vote for.
I got so god damn confused about what was the right answer in the skin cream question. Was it the ratio between getting better/worse or was it the intuitive bigger number on cream = better? I don't know which group I belong to, I saw the cream got more people better and I also considered the ratios and honestly my answer would be that I don't know enough about the study to know if the rash could get worse by itself despite treatment or if the cream potentially has a mechanism where it could make the rash worse instead of improving it.  I love the explanation "obviously there's less rash without cream, but you can't just take people's creams away from them". I think the gun control question was way more difficult just due to the abstraction. I knew the numbers were same but I struggled more to do the numbers just because I tried to parse "apply guns/no guns to city, crime increases/decreases" in my mind to some easily conceptualised mental image and it made doing numbers tougher, I had harder time connecting the numbers to effects.  I recently encountered a real challenge or philosophical dilemma regarding this topic of rational mind and changing your mind under evidence. I was discussing some antisemitic content with a friend and I'm not a historian, I didn't know all the historical facts and frankly I didn't know how reliable the sources ot my knowledge are, like I'm not a historian and don't know how to verify them properly other than to look up for as big of a consensus between researchers if I was to look it up. I assumed the content was bs, but I didn't know what parts of it were historical facts and which were made up for narrative (naturally just the influencing style gave a clue that it's not at all reliable). And then came the question of what if some critical parts were true and I just assumed that because everyone thinks so and says so, the content is bs, but in fact what I had assumed was real history was actually not. It would be a huge effort trying to confirm that I certainly know the factual history and don't just believe something that I've been told. And that made me wonder how much we have to just assume in daily life because we don't have the resources and capacity to verify and investigate everything. And trust that there's very little wrong information in the most commonly believed sources, but then this also relates to current time where misinformation is everywhere and people are exhausted from the amount of information to try and check everything's reliability. And I think this shows up heavily during election times as well, candidates might claim all kinds of stuff and you either believe them or believe the people on the opposite side who says it's debunked, but you don't verify for yourself and don't probably even know how you could.
Smart people are better at rationalizing.
I feel the gun control study was not a good idea. They should have asked a question about like taxing the rich and the effect on economy or something to that effect. Gun control is known to work. In countries with no guns like Japan there is almost no gun related crimes. I mean a study who shows the opposite must wrong in some way or like it is so not intuitive that it shows political bias but not something that is possible in the realm of possibilities.  Like all the examples given like global warming and all are bad example. They are political issues that shouldn't be political because a group gets lied about it. A study that shows global warming does not exist must be a fluke or have mistake because there has been thousands of studies showing the opposite.   They should try the same test with political issues that are not facts like investing in social programs, housing policy, free market, taxation, etc. and see if the bias is as strong...  I know my comment is getting long but I don't agree with the solutions in the end because it still means to hide the truth to not anger people, again some issues are just facts. Climate change is real and man-made, that is not political.   If you show me a study stating that acupuncture works better than placebo I know it's a fake. It's not JUST about being rational in front of the numbers. I have read countless articles and meta analysis that shows that acupuncture is not better than placebo.   Your background in searching for the truth still counts.
80% of Veritasium video statistics are made up on the spot. Just kidding. I will pay more attention to my math.
So stupid people are right? No way the democrats are right.
cognative dissonance is a hell of a drug
I guess this just points out how brainless politics are...
There was another study that proved this as well. It's on YouTube called "quoting trump to trump fans" where they assume cos the quote is dumb, it was Biden and they bitch about it until they're told it was actually trump
And of course the researchers were not immune to a good bit of ambiguous question phrasing:  "Crime improved" Huh? The crime bosses made more money? More women were successfully raped? "Crime worsened" Huh? The police and the politicians reversed themselves and got some thugs off the streets?  The trouble with two-word buzz phrases are a) they are inherently meaningless, and b) the group using them inherently cannot comprehend this.
Is this veritasium’s most unscientific video yet? The rash cream question is a mathematical question. The political control question is a political question.   Of course you’re not going to get the same amount of numerical answers
At 5:44 you have the fictional study as guns illegal  top row, guns legal bottom row. But then with the people it’s swapped, guns legal on top, guns illegal on bottom. At 7:18 the graph then accurately reflects what the people were shown.
Damn !!!
Here here!!
Fantastic video.
What IS irrational is hating or physically harming someone just for having a different opinion. We're all on the struggle bus together.
For the record, you can look at the statistics and gun control does not help as they would like it to. And its not even about lowering crime, we have a right to bear arms as a means to protect ourselves from an oppressive government.
Informative!  Thanks
Why would the smarter person try to alter the evidence according to their perspective? Part of intelligence is learning new information and adapting based on that, being rigid with ones own beliefs isnt something i would expect that to be a falacy a smarter person would fall into.  Unless they're set in their ways because they've already looked at both sides, and therefore, arent willing to accept the seemingly false evidence before them going against their perspective? But still, evidence is evidence and you should be flexible on your views to some degree. None of us know everything no matter how smart we are.
We need more science like this. This is not surprising.
god ain't solving this one 🔥🔥🔥
The fact that so many people can be confronted with what is clearly a math problem and turn it into a political commentary is exactly why everything is as bad as it is.   Because people are just plain stupid.   They couldn't muster the miniscule amount of critical thinking skills to look at the question discern that it's not a political question, it's a math question. Nearly every clip in this video is people talking about a multitude of stuff that is completely and utterly irrelevant to the question being asked. Thats why they get the wrong answer more often. They're answering the wrong question, and they aren't smart enough to even realize what's actually being asked.
I understand the point is to look at the math and forget about the policy in order to make a fair assessment. But the experiment became invalid when you used fake stats on the backdrop of a real policy. There are people who already know the actual stats on that particular issue. They aren't going to be phased by your fake stats because they're already used to seeing fake stats everywhere. In my opinion, this ruins the experiment. You should have used a fake policy with fake stats, particularly a fake policy that is viewed neutrally.
Me literally saying idk immediately since id need to conduct a quick independent t test
@veritasium, you missed "the only difference".  The real difference is multiple answers vs one answer.   There are many answers to the question "does skin cream help a rash?".  yes, no and maybe, all potentially correct.  There is little reason to question the data.   The question "does control lower gun violence?" has 1 answer.  And the point is that the democrats weren't gullible when they were given false numbers about gun control.  Furthermore, republicans were gullible about gun control.  you didn't prove a bias on both sides, only one side.   In short, you proved republicans are gullible and democrats are much less gullible.  that's the difference.
Interesting video about how governments destroy your mind with emotion of politics.  Learn your lesson folks.
I wish he showed the gun control one first
Where you stand depends on where you sit. A big surprise. Just look at the articles on the BBC or MSM. A Chinese college student in Michigan voted illegally and turned himself in- the system didn't detect the vote- but other than the USA Today, none of the MSM (including the BBC which pointed out FOUR bogus voter fraud claims) mention this systemic voting integrity failure. There isn't an outcry amongst the numerate. If that isn't evidence of partisan politics trumping election integrity, what is?
I can’t get past the absence of a “rash stayed the same” number
Real
11:56 Hardly a problem.
This is one of the flaws of democracy. Voters can be so easily manipulated into tribal thinking that they can't see facts. The political parties have evolved very effective 'divide and conquer' techniques because it helps them thrive.
ahhhh proof that American's don't follow fact. They just want their guns because everybody else want's their guns lol.
My problem with this sort of analysis is that it may be confusing causation with correlation.  I reached my various positions by looking at a lot of data over the years.  That’s why I believe in gun control, climate change, and increasing the minimum wage.   We have many countries and decades to hundreds of years of examples and hard data both to back up overall positions.  Gun control reduces mass deaths. Period.  Climate change is real and mankind contributed. Period.   That I hold those positions means I will disagree with the average conservative voter.  But the thing is I don’t hold that position because of the politics, but the facts.
Wow the first video on youtube I saw, that has politics in it, and did not pick a side(ok nearly). Leading by example. Bravo'!
Maybe we are more concerned with how the data is gathered and by who? It is difficult for the person gathering data on a political issue to remove their bias from their process.
Have you heard the current political debate in USA? It’s 100% political ideology. I’m in Australia and can’t wait for them to pick one of them. Perhaps it’s just what makes the news here but it’s a whole lot of personal attacks. Good luck with your nobel quest!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT THE CREAM WAS GROUPS ARE THE SAME SIZE RIGHT. so whail the no cream group was 5x more likely to improve than get worse and the cream group is only 3x more likely to see their improve the cream group is 2.5x more likely for anything to happen this means that mean that if you want your rash to get better the cream is better if you don't want you rash to get worse the no cream is better. i would do more statistical analysis of how likely people who would have their rash get better if they did not use the cream would see their rash get worse if they did use the cream and visa versa but you are dealing you the important information of how many people saw no effect
I Love this man!
It’s so weird for me to watch society and how most people live and think. I truly do feel like an alien because I’ve always watched what humans do and thought… why are they so closed minded and stubborn. I now, know it’s an evolutionary advantage and evolution can explain ALOT of the weird ways humans act. But I wish a lot of it would go away now. That’s why I support nearulink or whatever company can invent brain chips that let our brains interface with machines. We will never make it to 2100 if we keep using our monkey brains and don’t get rid of a lot of this, faulty for the modern day, thought and actions paths.
I love the graph on global warming alarmists plotted against their science literacy (or lack thereof).
This is more like James Clear's article on "Why do facts don't change our minds?"!
So.... fragile people who think they are smarter than average?
Wow I'm so smart i outwitted the questions
Dunning Kruger of cognitive bias. Seems to take high levels to bypass our bias, so its better to assume we don't know because the information is likely bias anyways.
9:02 No, I'll stick to my beliefs, thanks.
Oh no! Politics turn brain off! What news.
This is going to get me into a lot of trouble but I have been pondering this same question with regard to the moon landing. Let me first start off by saying I think we did land on the moon. However, I have to recognize that I don't actually know that to be a fact. It's a belief I have based purely on testimonials. I don't have the resources to be able to collect the raw data. I don't have the skills to analyze the data. For example I don't know the proper composition of moon rock from an asteroid that hit earth a million years ago. I have to rely on people who claim to be experts in the field to give me a testimonial of the data. As matter of fact most of the population doesn't "know" if we went to the moon but most of us believe that we did. The point is that most of what we think we know is often times testimonials of testimonials. And you know what, that is ok. Now the question is how do we distinguish worthy testimony from unworthy testimony?  Side note: Some topics just aren't statistically relevant.
sometimes I wish I could have opinions on things but the moment you think about anything for more than a second  you realize it's just paradoxes the whole way down
A lot of seemingly intelligent people are very emotional and irrational when it comes to veganism. Even though it's the healthiest diet according to science.
Reminds me of a favourite quote:   “Why you fool, it's the educated reader who CAN be gulled. All our difficulty comes with the others. When did you meet a workman who believes the papers? He takes it for granted that they're all propaganda and skips the leading articles. He buys his paper for the football results and the little paragraphs about girls falling out of windows and corpses found in Mayfair flats. He is our problem. We have to recondition him. But the educated public, the people who read the high-brow weeklies, don't need reconditioning. They're all right already. They'll believe anything.”  ― C.S. Lewis, That Hideous Strength, 1945
A minute in, and I am questioning how large were the groups and the number of people with no change to their rash.
That question did not fool me... so I am stupid 😢
The FBI report was based on estimates for 3 of the largest cities rather than collected data. Estimates based on what? That report has also been revised to show an increase in 2022, more consist with the DOJ report now. If Ground News didn't tell you about that, then it's not as unbiased as you think.  Also, the FBI stats explicitly do not include unreported crimes. In practice, this means they fail to include a lot of thefts in cities which no longer give meaningful punishments to thieves brazenly stealing less than some arbitrary amount. It's not worth reporting the theft when there's no deterrent. So the FBI report is not as meaningful.
A big factor should also be people not willing to say something dumb in front of a camera so they stick to their beliefs. I think even if someone told me those were fictitious numbers I still wouldn't commit to a conclusion because; they might edit the video to make it sound like I agree with what I don't, they might make me look dumb in the video, I might go viral, they might later take the numbers as true or whatever reason.  Usually we like to see the facts for ourselves without pressure. I think those numbers might just show that people don't want to make mistakes when it comes to big topics.
Smart people are easier to con
The tricky part of this problem: the top and bottom rows don’t have the same sums. That’s where they getcha
In England, one study showed that people who voted for Brexit are relatively dense (otherwise referred to as thick) compared to the general population.
Once you realize studies and polls are there to shape public opinion (or perceived reality )not to reflect it , it’s all clear.
The logical fallacy presented is in fact a numeracy fallacy. The study itself has an unstated assumption that numerical data alone tells a story & reveals causality when there is greater variability in one example. The example of skin cream has very little room for error and argument, because one person's daily hygiene routines are very unlikely to change with the adaption of a skin cream for medical treatment. Therefore, the primary cause of the data is the hand cream. We practice medicine as a science because it has predictable causes and effects for established medicine.  On the other hand, a crime statistic is one with much greater variability that has to do with how crime statistics are reported, socioeconomic factors, pre-existing policies, cultures and perspectives around guns, law enforcement, district attorneys, and so much more. It requires much deeper argument to link gun policy to crime statistics. That is why we should be having dialogue about policy opinions, and policy is not a scientific practice but one of argumentation, opinion, and compromise.  If anything, this study is showing that the people understand gun policy is a much more multifaceted issue than skin cream medication, and we should be encouraging dialogue and compromise instead of staying in echo chambers. People who are shying away from policy discussions are unconsciously dividing the people further, and stalling any possible real change. This interpretation of the study is more consistent with long-standing psychological research that intelligence is a measurable and orthogonal trait in humans: people with low numeracy likely have a low IQ and are less likely to re-interpret the data based on circumstance; people with high numeracy likely have a higher IQ and are more likely to re-interpret the data based on the new circumstance, and therefore change their interpretations.  Edit: Your fallacy in the making of this video is that "rational thought" interprets evidence the same way. How you interpret evidence is just as important as what the evidence is. Studies are open to critique in its methodology and its analysis for this reason. You state how you set up your experiment, what your observations were during this setup, and how you make meaning out of those observations, and see if other people interpret it the same way based on what they know, or in the political landscape, what their life experiences are.
If I was smart I would definitely fall for trying to make whatever data fit my worldview, I hate being wrong on so many levels. Only with time can I get over that tendency and look at data objectively.
What do you mean "correct conclusion"? There isn't enough information to come to any conclusion about the skin creams effects, it both has an increase in improving and an increase in worsening the condition, the question is, is it because of a different group sizes, is there an unlisted third result of no "noticeable effect" and if they are different sizes why is the control group so much smaller than the test group? And if there isn't a third group which side do they bias "unclear results" towards?  Also you and the original study really hand waved both the explanation of what numeracy is and how you "objectively" measured it?
Are we all just gonna ignore and live with the fact that the woman at 3:02 is the problem, how can you not consider a hypotetical like cmon thats even worse than not getting the question
Yooo let's go, I got both right. Attributing this to sherlock holmes' teachings
A habit that I try to cultivate is to, when I feel comfortable conclusion, present that conclusion and ask someone whose insight I value to cooperate with me in finding its flaws.  Not perfect by any means, but I find it's a very different conversation than trying to argue someone into a position, and usually I find it valuable.
Kudos to you for keeping this neutral!!!!
>That is the intuitive answer NO ITS NOT???????????????????????????????
3:20 Not super relevant, but it is notable that it doesn't give numbers on how many people had no noticeable change.
The question of the hand cream doesn't translate equivalently when swapped to gun control.  In the question of the hand cream, all of the test subjects supposedly had rashes to begin with, so you could properly compare the effect of applying the hand cream or not applying the cream.  In the question of gun control, you can't assume all of the people in a society are would-be criminals or would-be innocents, so you can't really measure the impact of the gun control in the same way.  And also the data is presented in a confusing way.  What does it even mean to say crimes both increased and decreased by some amount when implementing or undoing gun control?  I would probably look at that data and think it was presented in a way to try to deceive me, and I would then take the "crimes increased" number minus the "crimes decreased" to try to figure out the actual overall change in number of crimes and take whichever number of "overall crimes" was lowest to be the one that reduced crime more, and I would be skeptical of the data presented in such a confusing way regardless so it wouldn't convince me either way.
We’re constantly bombarded with sophisticated propaganda.  Particularly when the topic is overtly political, we’ve been conditioned to ignore presented data because we know that it’s often fake.  It’s not tribal thinking; it’s just reasonable behavior that reflects our unreasonable environment.
I don't use skin cream on my guns.
0:48 This cream makes the rash better, but it comes with some severe side effects. 😂
well I can see that in most other people, but not me. Since I'm not biased at all.
I feel like it has more to do with your presumption of the correct answer. Or maybe it's effectively the same as tribal thinking...
Really really like to see this same study done in many different countries, would it be the same? Interesting
how do we wind up in these political tribes in the first place.  It can't just be social since lots of people are at odds with the social groups.  So how does someone wind up in the liberal tribe?  There is more to it
There are 3 answers to the question, and they are all wrong: pro cream, anti cream, and "let the numbers decide". Both pro and anti cream are wrong because of a confirmation bias not based on fact, and "letting the numbers decide" is also wrong because the numbers can be undermined, for example: can the source of the numbers be trusted, someone can come up with different numbers (who's numbers do you trust?), and do you really understand how the numbers relate to the decision at hand? There is a fact out there, in reality; there are people using the cream out there, and they are getting better or worse. What this video illustrates are obstacles between reality and consensus, that "right and wrong" is fallacy, and that our conscious mind is still a work in progress. Evolution takes time.
The problem now is not to admit that we can be wrong and that we need to question ourselves based on some studies, the problem is : Is that study true ? In who to trust ? Media ? Politics ? Science ? In 2024, it seems that everything is biased by political ideas
has anyone ever done a study on numeracy and intelligence and if they are actually correlated? some of the supposed smartest people I know who have high numeracy levels are some of the dumbest people I know. they also have the highest education levels.  I think it's to do with memory. they all have one thing in common - a really strong memory.  Math becomes super easy if you have an amazing memory, additionally getting answers correct on tests are easy with a strong memory. Yet these people when faced with problems they can't pick out of memory struggle much more than others, on top of that the people defining intelligence are often these same people with strong memories.
I deal with price discrepancy's on PO's, love fractions and only really figured out how to do school by learning test question solving skills you cant fool me lol (tho you 100% can when social stuff is involved)
this is happening world wide where most of civilians are actually just, sheep. we merely follow an ideology until its time the government needed to be overthrown. its life, its cycle. is it good? no. but it is nature.
Of course my beliefs are correct: I'd change them if they weren't.
the only time when i want to get a question wrong
I'm curious what the difference in avg response times was. In the clips you showed, skin cream subjects seemed like they reacted more thoughtfully and took longer to form an answer; the gun control subjects looked like they were reacting reflexively and maybe even emotionally?
See, here's my problem: I'd admit that the study shows the opposite of my belief. Where I'd go off the rails is in questioning the methodology (sample size, controlling for extraneous factors like temperature) and I'd ask if the study was repeatable. So, *_yes,_* that's what the study shows. But is the study authoritative?
I fell for the bigger number at first, and I was then I was like "so wait the trick" and I realized it's proportions after like 3 seconds
Me after getting the answer right  Am I more smart or more dumb?
I have to admit, this entire video is an excellent pitch for the sponsor.
The higher numeracy people will probably know that correlation doesn’t always equal causation and can use this to slip away from the mathematical answer they don’t like. Rationalizing their choice by deciding external factors must be causing the change, but failing to give external factors the same consideration when it goes the way they like. This is much easier to do can do when not given the full picture, and no one sees all the full pictures these days.  This is also a particularly easy thing to do when the control isn’t 50/50, because then it is clear that some external factor is also impacting the outcome. If it’s a perfect 50/50 split on the control then I’m sure you’d get less mathematically incorrect conclusions. And for some changes/controls you expect a certain level of “non 50/50 mess” for example
If someone came up to me and showed me numbers on a rash situation, I'd do what I did and work out the proportion numbers in my head. If the same thing was done regarding crime, which has a multitude of social factors, not a single one, it would immediately trigger my Peter Tingle. If you've ever received a call from a pollster, you've probably encountered a 'push poll' where the questions are intended to skew results in one political direction. One question about the gun context one could ask about a chart like that is "How much of the gun crime in the area where guns are illegal are just for gun possession charges, and not violent crime?" Not only do we have to factor in our own political bias in the gun chart, but how we're interpreting the reactions of government, etc. to that political situation.  And that's why I don't have much use for polls :)
Sorry, but "intuitive" isn't science. It isn't rationality. "Intuitive" is a cheat that you slipped in to explain why a bunch of people thought something that is wrong. Points off for "intuitive".
So, for the data being shown, you don’t have a “no effect” column.  That would seem very suspicious to me.  Otherwise, I’d have to do the math.
This video has nothing to do with smarter people getting the questions wrong in fact the video contridacts itself with the people with higher numeracy scores getting the right answer. And all of a sudden the video changed into talking about how political biased effects answers of the questions. A better title would be "how politics effects answers of questions".
Using non triggering and non political phrasing would only work in the short term.  The new words will just supplant the old. Like climate change supplanted global warming. Once people figure out what you are talking about, their political views will diminate.
Hold on. Why is the conclusion that this result is down to some irrational motivation like tribalism? This question engages a person's rational, deliberative thinking, so there's likely a rational (from the person's perspective) reason for the change. The more straightforward reasoning here is that people perceived an apparent partisan implication in the result and distrust the interviewer as a partisan agent or working on behalf of a partisan agent as a result. In other words, it sounds more like the more people perceive an apparent partisan agenda in scientific data, the more likely they are to distrust it. That's the problem of a polarized political enviroment where any benal factoid can be turned into a partisan issue and suddenly no one can agree on what a fact even is.
how can you call it data when it is made up ?
Maybe I'm dumb but why do smart people do worse on these questions? What metric makes these people smarter?
yea they're not doing better because they are not taking into consideration the presented data  these people are knowledgeable enough to consider if the given data are reliable in the first place by cross referencing them to the things they already know  the researchers seem to believe that knowledge make people betray the given data and stick to their leanings but it's actually knowledge allow people to appraise the quality of data  though the point about being inquisitive even of the long held facts are very true
So democracy is a joke
I'm good and drunk.  Let's go ...
Shouldn’t the term “crimes improved” be wrong?
This was handled very well.
precisely why a lot of the founding fathers decried political parties. it gave people a tribe to cling to instead of forcing them to think deeply about each individual issue.
I never felt like I fit in. How stupid am I to think, "Hey, just accept the data and get on with it!"?
Actually you are all wrong no matter what, I am right. All the time.
WOW! Scary!
"On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse"  So smart people still do better than less smart people, they just don't do as much better as they normally would.  But I guess that makes a less compelling title. 😉
But if you avoid political language, how are you going to manipulate and control the populace?
if you get this wrong, you're not smarter than anybody, not based on that
No, this study does not seem clean to me. There is the issue of ideology, but there is also the issue of highly complex subjects that affect our lives. People questioning the validity of the numbers is a good thing and a problem not easily solved. I heard him say, “The numbers are not real”. But we don’t know how consistently and effectively that was expressed to the participants. He’s still asking them to make a declaration against data they have investigated on their own. A deep disrespect for others’ perspectives is a root problem here, one I wager is being perpetrated even by this very study. It would be interesting to see a Veritasium video on the nature of data and how we “know” things are “true”. Humility is paramount, especially when the cold hard facts are not so cold or hard.
"So convenient a thing to be a reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for every thing one has a mind to do." - Benjamin Franklin
veritasium:  people interpret talking points differently when they agree or disagree with them...   me:  duh?  you almost... almost discovered that the powers that be want us polarized against each other to distract us from them being evil bastards.
I thought I am gonna see Dr. Strange
I understand it’s about the numbers but you have to take into account the severity of the topic. 200 people with guns vs 200 people with a rash are very different things.
I’m not bias, but then I’m being biased to me believing that I’m not being biased therefore I recognize that I’m being biased to my biases but that makes me biased by believing I have control over my bias of my control of biases.
The only thing I find surprising about this video is hearing you refer to "climate change" as a loaded word that should be avoided. I don't know, it seems to me like that's not quite grasping the urgency and importance of the moment.
The study completely dismisses  the fact that people's rights and freedoms do not ever need to be justified by data showing policy efficacy. Many stances are based on principle, not idealogy.
Some wonderful research on the idea of group think. I would argue this goes further than political. Religious, morality, opinions, etc. The creative types tend to be effected by group think much less.
Oh i feel really smart now 🥰
hi
I disagree on the grounds that I don't like that.
So you're saying the media, social media, personalities, and what not are making people stupid...
I would love to see this study done on neurodivergent individuals to see if there is any difference (I would also separate them into groups of more flexible thinking and more b/w thinking to see if that made any difference). I don't think we are immune to social political issues and possibly might even be more hyper aware of external data though I have also heard we are more accurate at identifying the best option presented in a recent study (I think a lot of it is individual and context related).   I think the issue as modern humans is our world data around us (which is often misinformation) is not accurate which we bring into the table to access the accuracy of the new data presented and voice our opinion on this as a whole. So what we are also assessing is the accuracy of the data being shown to us in general about the topic based on all our life experience.   I suspect skin product experts would bring their own life data into the original question and be more biased because they have all this extra knowledge outside the data presented where as most other people do not have skin cream data.  Love the bit at the end of the video, politics is silly, stop us vs them thinking and work together as humans as you all want the same thing. Knew at the start of primary school watching old white men screaming at each other (definitely inspires confidence) and still now the constant political propaganda scare tactics from both major sides... Everyone wins 😅, not. Let's be humans and be a community. Us vs them is never helpful.
The kid with the fro had a great point and something that most people don't think of when looking at ANY statistical or empirical data:  what are my reference points?  what types of x are included or excluded.  As he said, the crime decreasing may be a specific type of crime, while the increase is a totally different set of crimes.  without any reference data, any "conclusion" is pointless  if the increase in gun violence of 75 was gang related, meaning gang crime went up, while "pedestrian" violent crime went down, then we can say that the presence or assumed presence of a firearm has deterred "pedestrian" gun crime, while gangs have escalated their violence.   if anyone wants to know how to disable to at the least, change someones argument on a topic, read A Culture of Fear.  It deals with headlines, news, reports, data, etc and how to discern and analyze it, like this kid did.  it will open your eyes to what the "experts" and news sources do and be able to see through the BS
A world lead by data will be a world lead by manipulation.
This explains why a significant percentage of terrorist group members have engineering degrees
i think this is just being dumb with a high iq
Ah yes, my favorite type of Veritasium video, spreading bunk science that doesn't replicate because it sounds good and will get clicks.
Thank you Derek for another necessary deep dive.  A thought:  finding a tribe in a diverse society can pay dividends by allowing the tribe to do much of the research and assessment.  In our experience, a competent individual may need 18 months of observation and considered thought just to be able to understand (not necessarily agree with) a viewpoint that runs counter to what they had been exposed to previously.  This ability to understand an opposite viewpoint is what J.S. Mill alluded to being necessary to improve ones own beliefs.  Our experience indicates it is difficult to challenge our own thinking more than a few times a decade, and we have to depend on our group think to have spent the time and energy to assess all the myriad of social acts, consequences, and regulations that confront our community.  This is a different process than acceptance in a group.  This is relying on a group.  Keep up the good work.
smart people : guns are like drugs. Me "dumb"founded.
saying "crime worsened" to mean "crime decreased" would confuse the crap out of me. Unless it means the crime rate increased in which case why is there a down arrow?
I got it right!😭😭😭😭😭
I think I'm stupid bro, I didn't get it right, but I didn't get it wrong either 😭
Maybe you'll get there but the issue to me is not just motivated reasoning it's that there are no "facts" for most of these types of issues. There's just opinion and spin. I can find a gun control study that says gun control is good and another that says it's bad. One will say the first one overlooked X, Y, and Z and the other will say the 2nd one ignored A, B, and C. These aren't simple topics like skin cream concretely helping or causing rashes. Someone will say "universal health care is always better, here's the facts" and someone else will have a study which contradicts them. There are studies that say minimum wage is a net good and others that show just as strongly that it reduces the number of avaiable jobs. And on and on. It's a mistake Derek is making IMO that claim what we'd change our mind if we were just more open to "the facts". Feel free to post one of these "facts" and I'll be happy to show you the counter "facts" for the majorty of these types of issues.
Of course people are going to let their beliefs influence their answers because they believe that what they believe is true. If you had a study showing how many tomato plants survive during the winter vs how many survived in the summer and it showed proportionally more survived in the winter, the obvious conclusion from just about anyone wouldn't be the winter time helps tomato plants survive, but instead that other factors are involved or that it is a flawed study.
The reds and the greens all over again
I love your tribe opinions that try portray truth and honesty but your true intent is to subliminaly influence your left mind control to whomever is listening to your (and I emphasize your) intellectual reasoning
Nice, this explains a lot about why some of the smartest people I know are making such illogical decisions.
I'm sorry, but no. First, "Climate Change" *is already the polite term* for that effect. The polarizing scare tactic term would be "global warming". And also, when 98% of scientists agree on something I don't give equal weight to the other 2% who disagree. They don't get a say in this. Overruled.
This was very interesting,
I believe the majority of the polarization comes from the media and not the internet, but i could be wrong obviously.  For me when i watch videos on youtube especially about politics i understand that i am watching a biased source no matter which side its on. The media instead gives the sheen of that they are just representing facts which is very wrong when it comes to politics. There are obviously two sides where both sides can be correct at the same time.  I mean i can imagine a state where imposing gun control laws could reduce gun crime, i also believe that the same state could also see lower gun crime rates with more relaxed gun laws. All it takes for that to be true criminals need to avoid buying unlawful guns. In such a state the criminals wont get guns so gun crimes will be reduced with stricter gun control, and at the same time relaxing gun control will give more law abiding citizens more guns which the criminals will also avoid.  Less gun crime in both instances.
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on my tribe.
okay well asking people in arizona was obviously flawed in this video, all of our brains are fried by the heat
omg you proved that people have biases  earth shattering
Thank you for the thought provoking video, very interseting and important information.
This is why meditating is so valuable if you can come to realization that your thoughts are not you, your emotions are not you, and therefore depersonalize from the self.  It always goes back to the split brain experiments my verbal side of the brain will always come up with a seemingly rational explanation for my irrational behaviour and the robustness of the explanation scales with intellect thus increasing the self-blindness.
Man I got the question wrong because you were talking about smarter people getting it wrong, so i chose the opposite of my original answer. That's for question 1.
My issue would be that I know the true data and studies. Less guns does reduce significantly the number of homicides especially those involving multiple victims.   The USA is the highest in developed countries and is one of if not the only country with more guns than people / capita.   So I would answer correctly the question though inquire what study it comes from and state it goes against the past 40 years of research.  I own guns and hunt. Just the cold hard truth guns are tools made to kill. Only does with strong morals, ethics, a high degree of responsibility and good safety plus be in good health should carry.  I am happy his guns were taken from uncle after his divorce or he wouldn't be here.  I am also still crunched and aching that an abusive man killed my aunt when she was leaving him. My cousin went threw a couple of years of hell. He probably avoids me and my brother because we probably remind him of his mom. 😢  In summary, I believe in true studies and common sense. Guess what if you have more cars on the road or planes in the sky more people will die from crashes in them. Same for guns too.
This video is so damn boring and could've been a short.
The only way people change their minds is when it affects them PERSONALLY, and not in theory anymore.  Otherwise people only use their intelligence to convince themselves they are always right.
I am at 3 minutes and my thought is what were the actual sizes of the two groups, because there is no information for people who had no change in the rash. If the groups were the same size originally, then that means a greater percentage got better with the cream, AND more got worse. It other words, the cream looks to be efficacious, but also has a side effect where it can make a rash worse.  Now to watch the rest.  Edit: Yeah, it didn't go that way. lol
What about those of us who see both parties as equally deluded and can see the mess both make on different issues? I have always found it shocking that people pick a party and back them so completely when both are terrible on certain topics and both are corrupt. I can definitely see abhorrent acts by individual politicians that turn me off going anywhere near endorsing them, but that doesn't mean the other guy or gal is good.
I will bet that high functioning autistics don't follow this trend, just like they often don't follow other prosocial trends.
What kind of bubbles did these participants live in? And how many of them have close relationships with people from the other side? …seems like an important factor.
If you “improve” a rash, doesn’t it get worse? If someone improves at robbing banks, is not that worse? I would have to define terms before proportionally answering this question.
If I ace this thing.. I’m gunna be pissed
Gun control isn't about crime rates it's about the Second Amendment. I still would've answered correctly I believe.
I wonder how safe the average person in Chicago feels…or nyc.
Did you really have to make a whole study, to be able to say that people have political biasses? Couldn't you just use common sense or basic observation of humans? Why is the US like this: you never risk a claim or conclusion for very basic and easy issues, until there is an exhaustive study of it (a one worthy of a quantum physics problem analysis) presented to you. It's as if Americans in general were so out of it that they're never sure, if something is a simple issue or a complicated one and just opt for doing redundant research on everything cause that's the only thing they know.
That first test was right out of 7th grade, when I was 12. That people have difficulty with this, or that you would congratulate someone who solves it, is dismaying.
The effects of tribalism on our rational thinking is incredibly important. We need to stop disagreeing why these issues are problems and deal with them together.
I find the responses that people gave to the question about whether or not data could change their opinions vs. what we actually saw. Especially since I personally base most of my political opinions on philosophy (deontological, not utilitarian), not data, whereas they seem to think the data should be the primary determinant.
It's weird how many of them were trying to rationalize fake data, claiming that if they had more information, they could provide a better answer, when it's a simple numerical comparison.  As if they could see that the data didn't agree with their personal belief, so they tried to find some justification for why the data was wrong or inadequate.
WOW, thank you.
I must be dumb because I got the answer right, yey my time to shine 🤣, what I did was notice 75 was about 3 times the sum of 223 and 21 was below 4 times the sum of 107, so I divided 223 / 4 and it gave me 55.75 so I needed almost another half, so I divided it between 8 and it gave me 83.62 a little above 75, so almost 3x times as much as the 223, that being 3/8.  while 107/5 gives me almost exactly 21 (21.4) so only 1/5, and I went for the no cream.   wtf is wrong with the people saying they need to know what kind of rash and cream was applied to give an answer? LMAO does that lady has a MD degree?
Smart people did right , you are dumb , you should've calculate percentage of people whose rashes improved with cream and without cream. You will observe that percentage of people whose rashes improved without cream was higher. Maths helped bro. I think america should talk about legalizing education instead of legalizing weeds and psychedelics.
Is it really tribalism, or is it that people become more skeptical when confronted with data regarding something important to them? Sure, the purpose was to see if people could see the proportional problem, but people actually assumed the skin cream data was true. In the case of the political questions, the skepticism WAS right because the data was made up in these tests.  I bet if you asked the person "the data is actually fake, but can you tell us what the data shows objectively if you assume it is real?" you would get very different answers.
We desire to oversimplify complex problems. The smarter people seem to understand this. They do not accept the implied solution that more gun control is a net positive. There is not a 3rd column for freedom lost, 4th column for decreased security in one’s own home, 5th column for lost fun with friends over the weeked at a range, 6th column for time spent on paperwork certs and fingerprints, 7th column for increased chance of unknowingly breaking a senseless law buried in pages of legal text that’s impossible for anyone to memorize and spending 15 years in jail as a felon for doing nothing wrong except own a barrel that’s .5in too short
I think the "crime improved" and "crime worsened" labels made some of the data from this study wrong. Seemed a bit  like the first person who was giving his justification in a red cap was pointing at the wrong numbers.
Dunning Kruger, but with a twist. There is very little cognitive space between having a strong intellect that grants you the ability to think critically, and having a strong intellect that allows you to cover up and explain away your biases.
Veritasium por El Presidente!
The problem with this is that people actually have other preexisting data to go off of too. Gun crime goes down in real life when you have gun control (in a vacuum). So them seeing some numbers doesn't impact what actually works. As well as many people seeing cherry picked data all the time so they doubt random low count numbers. Saying mystery cream does or doesn't do something has no preexisting information to our way what is being said
Yay, we have described the true disability of the neurotypical brain. Maybe we should teach people to be visual learners…
There's a difference though: Left leaning people would be more open to understand the science behind the real answer compared to right leaning people because, EVEN when you got it wrong first you would adapt to the correct answer rather than stick to the wrong one just because it is your belief.  Also, this false study of guns goes AGAINST common knowledge, knowledge about the world, about reality. For example, if you asked them about if you release an apple will it fall to the ground or float most people would answer it would fall because they already have knowledge about gravity, the same with guns, it is EXTREMELY obvious that less guns produce less DEADLY crimes (there's also a difference there, because crime can be stealing a candy or murdering someone) so most people would answer that because they have previous knowledge about the real world and perhaps even studies about it. You presenting them something that goes against their already confirmed knowledge would trow them off.  And there's already a solution. It is in the book "A demon haunted world" by Carl Sagan. That book should be mandatory to read for every single human at least once in their life. That book will give you the tools to not believe in lies.
That should be also political unbiased, but at 4:20 shows other. Nice done 👍
I have a higher iq, and got it right, noticing that the control was about half population of experimental group, therefore,  i doubled both, giving 214 and 42 getting worse, clearly the experimental with 75 worse was the poorer result
Cognitive bias... Got it.
fuuuuuuug T_T
Your telling me automatically looking at the percentage isn't intuitive? I'm telling you because this number is bigger is not a sign of intelligence. A child would automatically do that. 😵‍💫😵‍💫🤣🤣Pathetic 👎👎
Why I love to watch Veritasium because it provides solutions.
👏👏👏👏👏
This would have benefited a lot from you giving the audience those political questions before you told us how most people answer them.   Though you'd need to either include both versions of say the gun control question and have people click timecards. Or more ideally you'd add a second political question where you expect people to have the opposite bias. That way most people's political bias would lead them to get one of the two questions wrong.
In the gun control example (if ut were real) the numbers could have been crafted to fit someone's belief.
At the risk of incidentally proving it somehow, I think this video's thesis is pretty weak, because the paper it's based on is pretty weak. I think that both are trying to avoid some conclusions that would be inconvenient for certain sections of the audience for self-interested reasons.  1) The survey was administered online, and includes the prompt for the control, but not the experiment, which is paraphrased. As we saw in the video, the people interviewed would often be able to correctly interpret the data, but would tell you that the data is flawed somehow. That's a subtlety that a live interviewer might be able to code but that can't be captured in an online survey. I want to share what was presented verbatim next to the selection buttons for the control (because again, we don't have the experimental prompt): "People who used the skin cream were more likely to [get better/get worse] than those who didn't." While the instructions ask you to consider the study, they don't take pains to emphasize you should ONLY consider the study, nor is that caveat included in the participant responses. I'd hypothesize three regimes as you ascend in numeracy that explain the effect: low numeracy individuals don't know how to interpret the data, medium numeracy individuals interpret the data correctly but reject the conclusion, and high numeracy individuals figure out the "trick" of the study and respond accordingly.  2) The control *also* shows dips in the middle numeracy curve of a magnitude comparable to the experiment. Either the effect isn't significant or they've got problems in how they're examining people's numeracy.  3) The conclusion here is that all sides need to depolarize for effective communication, as though all sides equally fall victim to this effect.  Notice how they don't graph the difference in how each group responds based on if the stimulus aligns/does not align with their priors; they throw all four lines of the 2x2 up and let you sort it out. When you do look at these differences, you see *conservatives are much, much more likely* to respond in the manner that aligns with their worldview. The implications of THAT are what we should be considering, not this spurious notion that intelligence is to blame.  In sum, they've taken great pains to pull a weak conclusion from the data in a way that I feel does a poor job explaining the causes of motivated reasoning to the audience. We know that conservatives are substantially more likely to engage in motivated reasoning, and any examination of this effect that avoids talking about this is fundamentally unserious.
The table reminded me of Simpson Paradox. And also of Wason selection task, with regard to confirmation bias, and also that changing the context may vastly affect the performance on the task
Would have been more meaningful if the surveyed people where told the data is fictitious and asked specifically if this graph is true what does it imply. Else seems obvious people would bring in historical knowledge / bias.
believing things to fit in is the saddest and worst outcome i have seen on this show. there are objective realities that half the population (in the US) is unable and/or unwilling to see. someone lost the last election by 7 million votes and still claims that he won without providing a shred of evidence regarding the fraud. most of his base believes the same thing.
now vertasium it doesnt include me im very smart
Part of the problem is polarising voting systems that end up with two parties (i.e. first past the post) - if the spectrum of people you can vote for (and actually get voted in, most importantly) is wider, then so is the allowed spectrum of political belief, instead of people having to vote for essentially the near extreme ends of each side. We in Northern Ireland use the Single Transferable Vote but ironically have a very polarised voter pool which essentially nullifies the advantage of STV greatly... but that's due to historical issues not the system in play :D
just unsubscribed
Am I missing something? the results of the natural experiment related to gun laws and gun crime was reduced to made up number to prove a point on bias? Also the questions were increased and decreased crime  not gun  related crime.
!
Genuine question - is there good data underlying any big Republican national policy? It's good to know the effect is on both sides, but pragmatically, I don't know that Republicans are using data at all.  Maybe I'm just showing my tribe, though.
I didn't even understand the things he said in this video. So I must be Einstein
My answer was: I need more data. What groups of people are these? Why you choose for half a sample size? Too many questions..
I found this really interesting! thanks for sharing!
those in the higher end did not get affected by their initial belief.
it could be due to the environment they were answering in. I have done hours of maths calculations on my desk so my math brain can very easily kick in here, im also used to tricky questions so that could also be it. On the street outside under the sun, things might be different.
I feel like this video shows that there’s a difference between smart people ( just in terms of the amount of knowledge the person knows and memorized ) , and people who are smart in terms of being logic based thinkers .
i've got into discussions with both sides of my political friends and i have expressed my viewpoint is that who the president is doesnt seriously affect the vast majority of real people, and they have said very similar things like "it matters when they have access to nukes" or "it matters when ww3 starts". funny how opposite sides say identical things.
I like how Americans make their horrendous, stressful, shitty elections the entire worlds problem
But... when you ask people questions with a CORRECT real-world answer... the higher numerant people are more likely to know that answer.   And avioding "loaded terms" is BS... sorry... but "climate change" was created to avoid "global warming" and look where that got us?...  Better education and rational reasoning is the solution.
If you want to read more into this get the laws of human nature. The book talks about how people have nature irrational and tend to think emotionally, and stead of rationally. This video talks about something that correlates with the book people think they have already searched for the evidence even if they didn’t.
I don't think taking the skin creme scenario away and just applying the gun control scenario makes any sense. With the skin creme example you have healthy skin as the normal state and the rash as the deviation which you can now either treat or not treat. With gun control there is no deviation from the normal state which you treat either with or without gun control, because the normal state is either gun control or no gun control. So it proves nothing.
Other studies have also shown that higher intelligence is correlated with more bias, not less.
good ol cognitive dissonance
this is why the truth matters
first question: oh that just a proportion, little deceptive but not hard. 2nd question: oh I remember the numberphile video on this didn't realize the skim cream question was the control question for it.
what an awful video to be featured in for all those people lol
Political affiliation is not equivelant.  Liberals think with their emotions and have no problem to lie, cheat and steal to satisfy their emotions.  Conservatives think logically, considering facts and evidence. I'd suggest it's an error to assume both sides stick with their political ideology simply because they prefer it.  One team based their preference on the facts, the other team on emotions.
The thing this study shows is that you shouldn't present fake data
You said that the skin cream data were identical to the gun control data, but there is a key difference. The skin cream data were randomized, but the gun control data were not. This has a huge impact on potential bias and may contribute at least somewhat to the discrepancy.  Additionally, survey results are VERY sensitive to changes in wording. How standardized were the questions and clarifications between the various groups who were asked?
My brain 107x2=214 , 21x2=41 214/21<223/75  Checking my thoughts 75 goes  into 223 aprox 3 times, 21 goes into 107 aprox 5 times.  No cream = better.
I think there is another aspect to consider here though. "I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery" There are times where the numbers simply don't matter, some outcomes are preferential contrary to the numbers
I think one of the problems is critical thinking, which sadly most people nowadays seem to have left it in the dust. It is simply fading away because since a child we're raised with indoctrinations of many things and just forced to believe the ideas are true. Indoctrinations come from many different environments, it could come from your parents, school, friends, etc. like you might be raised to believe that a papaya taste bad without ever having a taste of it just because your parents did not like it when you were a child. Most people simply did not grow up with a thought to ever challenge any ideas that's offered to them, to check whether the ideas are true or not and worse they might make the ideas completely as their belief. We can see this in reality, for example people just believe whatever influencers said, others just believe politicians lies. This is tragic, that this is happening in a large number everywhere on our planet. We're failing as a society, we're doomed.
Were the samples told the numbers were made up and didnt necessarily reflect real world data? If not i think that messes with the assumptions some people would have made. Nearly everyone would fail to read the data correctly regardless of what it covered so by applying the gun labels it helped them gloss over the numbers which they dont know how to read and give an answer they believed to be true without "needing" to make proper sense of the data on the page.
Yeah we have to accept we have some inherent biases that affect our outlook.
What is the correct answer? There didn't even seem to be a control group who used an inactive cream (to filter out placebo effect). The results could have been entirely that the people who applied cream judged their rashes differently than those who didn't. There's also the question of number of participants. Were there 1000 people in each study? Then even the cream only helped 1 in 5 people, not every effective.
Me who is Anti-social and (mostly) A-political. "Hmm yes interesting."
People are mostly good, most people are dumb. and that's okay.
👍🏿
Politics causes brainrot confirmed
Choice is an illusion. You already know what to choose.
Its obvious looking at the stats that the skin cream did NOT work to improve the skin. 75 people got worse from using it. Your conclusion that smart people would get this question wrong is as wrong as the conclusion that the skin cream made peoples skin better.
I'd be interested in the exact wording for how the gun control and other studies were presented. I think the takeaway shown here is misattributing the cause of how people with high numeracy scores look at things. It's not that people with high numeracy suddenly throw that out the door when it comes to political topics. It's that political topics are social by nature and thus less predictable. People with high numeracy scores are going to typically be more intelligent and understand that social studies aren't as predictable as "hard sciences" and math. You can't change one variable in a complex ecosystem and think everything else will stay the same.   If you showed me a gun control "study" with such low numbers and didn't get into the details, I'm immediately thinking it is BS,. Then I immediately start thinking outside of the context of the "study." The R^2 of any particular independent variable just isn't going to be high in social studies. The skin studies don't have this issue. And, I still don't see how you could possibly word them in a way that puts me in the same scientific state of mind. Was it a county with no gun control and you see gun crimes vs something else, then gun control is enacted and you see new numbers? Well, then the gross numbers mean something too. It's not a series of independent small trials as it is with the skin conditions. Or, do you give people guns that didn't have them and then see which ones commit gun crimes, compared to those without guns that commit gun crimes? It's still weird and then I wonder what the hell is going on with such high ratios.  Anyways, I do think people default to their group think though, even those with high numeracy when it comes to stuff like this. Nobody actually has the "answer" for a perfect society, otherwise we'd see it when either political party has full power in an area. So, in some sense, we're all going off emotion, hunches, and intuitions at some level.
The idea that rational thinking is "evidence-based" is a misunderstanding of what reason is, and what evidence is. Reason is "explanation-based". Evidence isn't persuasive, not because people are irrational, but because just citing "evidence" doesn't actually offer a new explanation. Evidence comes into play only once two rival explanations agree on what a given piece of evidence means.   This is how we're taught the scientific method at school. The hypothesis comes first. It's actually rational to reject evidence that contradicts a good explanation, when there's no better rival explanation. When some physicists thought they'd measured particles going faster than light, but had no theory of how or why, the correct response was to treat it as an error. Which it was.
@9:56 I feel that as a young conservative with only liberals around me.
Damn I really wish he didn't spoil the question... I really wanted to see if I could get it right or not
I love the distinction between science intelligence and science curiosity. That explains why so many scientists I know are actually quite closed minded. Curiosity is something you have to develop and maintain independent of intelligence
Here's me thinking "that's not me though, they are Americans" haha. I know deep down I would be just the same
Bro how does John Veritasium or whatever his name is have such amazing facial hair. I NEED that level of even hair spacing.
As soon as I saw the title, I assumed this is at least related to Bayes' theorem
Confirmation bias confirmation, very confirmed well done.
The first solution discussed in the last part of the video doesn't really work though. Sure the local government does need to work together to address the local issues of flooding (in this example) regardless whether climate change is the cause of the flooding, or whether it is man-made or not. But just patching up flooding won't deal with the real problem which is the worsening of flooding over time due to climate change. This means at some level of politics, these topics and "buzzwords" can't be ignored. And whether you use the term "climate change" or not, it doesn't matter - there is strong evidence that climate change is real, increases the frequency and severity of flooding, and is ultimately caused by humans.  The political problem is that some political groups misrepresent or flat out lie about this data and evidence, or more commonly these days simply say it's fake news, and the tribal mentality of their supporters will just go along with it. On top of that, those with less numerical or scientific understanding lack the skills to verify what they're being told themselves. They could listen to what the experts in the relevant disciplines are saying, but more and more the politicians are spreading the ideas that the scientists can't be trusted, and this is so dangerous.  And I will acknowledge that not all my political beliefs are numerically verified of course - as you say, we are all fallible and vulnerable to this way of thinking. I have no idea how to achieve this, but I think one thing we must do is foster democracies that raise up politicians who value the factual evidence and data in all aspects of government, rather than just partisan political rhetoric.   To quote a great TV show, "Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid."
😂the reason he said, if you're smart you're most likely to get it wrong is not to make feel any of his audience feel bad or left out. Because let's face it, the smart ones only gon get it right on the spot.
oh but you only show one political side @9:45. nice showing your allegiance to the other side @Veritasium.
The ideas of 'sides' and 'winning' are caustic to culture.
is there footage of Veretasium asking people these questions, also notice the numaracy ability, if we restrict ourselves to the 7,8 and 9 we see an upwards trend for all parties and all questions
Absolutely phenomenal episode thank you
See Jonathan Haidt on "must I believe this?" vs "can I believe this?" when it comes to evaluating new evidence.
9:17 someone get this man on dialysis.
So may people queuing up to answer the question XD
It's not the only difference. Gun control is not a political matter as much as it is a matter of realism; nowhere in the world exists a country as rich as the US with as much violent (gun) crime. Nowhere. All countries with comparable wealth and systems have enacted far more widespread gun control measures, and in top of that most have a gun-culture centered around safety, not insanity, as in the US. The issue with presenting data that shows an _increase_ in gun crime upon greater regulation is that it is entirely nonsensical - only if you refuse to actually uphold regulation about gun ownership could the result from auch regulation ever be an increase. It is an irrational question to pose, and not comparable to the skin cream example, because with the skin cream example, the fundamental assumption does not necessarily lean towards one solution. A skincare product in trial can reasonably both be helpful or harmful. Gun control as enacted _in nearly every other western democracy but the US_ is fundamentally a reason for why there isn't the same amount of gun violence in those other countries.
There is a big flaw in the this study though, in the first example with the skin cream you are looking at people who generally have the same amount of literacy on the topic and generally low levels of interest. So that should average out people that just want a quick answer and those that want to look in detail and find the RIGHT answer. Where as in politics people often have more information "their sides info" and a general interest in the subject matter. So rather than a tribal bias you can just as easily be measuring I have a interest in the topic and thus I will pay more attention to get the right data and use this data to justify the personized knowledge they have on the topic right or wrong.  Do the same experiment with the subject being AC power VS DC power being more or less dangerous, general people will likely mirror the first study. Electricians however will likely well screw like the tribal one. Not because of tribalism but because they have interest and personized knowledge they subconously bringing in.
Is the gun control one not just a trick question..? A rash is a rash, it is a specific reaction of the skin becoming inflamed, but crime is not just a singular crime, it's an umbrella of many things that break the law, many of which have no relation to guns. A study that vague would be akin to using people without rashes in the rash cream study.
If you calculate the p-value for the effect using the Fischer Exact test you get p = 0.0574, which is not significant.  The skin cream/gun laws cannot be said to have either helped or hurt, because the chance that the effect size could be observed by chance is greater than 1/20. Put that in your pipe and smoke it!   (Note that a chi-squared test is significant (barely), but is not very accurate for small sample sizes like this. The exact test is better.)
Thats how i calculated and compare the price between food in mart
Clear conclusion: being brainwashed politically makes you a little stupider. 🤣
TYSM for exposing peoples biases in an unbiased way! Don't vote red or blue, vote science and math!
I got very curious about the "numeracy" score, so went and found one online.  I am famously "bad at math", but I wanted to know.  To my utter astonishment I scored better than 92% of the population. In the Vertasium video I understood the proportionality questions (leaving politics aside) very readily.  Still bad at math.  What the hell is going on?
I think the biggest problem with the question is the disparity in the data sizes. The non-skin cream group was less than half the size of the skin cream group meaning that the proportions may have been significantly off, just like flipping a coin 100 times doesn't guarantee a 50-50 split and normally requires larger sample sizes to establish the pattern. Just my thoughts though, haven't finished the vid yet.
We need this guy on JRE.
"being ostracized from the group is almost as bad as walking off a cliff"...  But what if the rest of the group actually IS walking off a cliff? 😬
The first example i got the right answer but i went about it a different way.
As Zoe Bee put it, Facts DO care about our feelings.
So, basically, their "numeracy" score doesnt matter when they don't actually look at the problem? Because that's what happened in all the examples: they didn't even bother to read the data, they just jumped straight to defending their worldview.  Anyway, great experiment, awesome video, but i absolutely hate your takeaway at the end. Not every single person turned into a stark raving lunatic when confronted with data contrary to their beliefs. They did on average, but average is not everyone. So to then conclude that "nobody" forms their worldview by careful consideration of the data is extremely assinine.
As other creators have published subtle propaganda this is a truly unbiased video before election. Thank you.
Now imagine an existing political party starts to declare whats information and misinformation aka whats the data and what not. then this party gets ez control over the Non Smart-opposite political party people.
The majority of the folks you showed you interviewed saw the raw results and knew the answer but quantified because they believed there were more complicating factors. You have to ask folks to answer exclusively on the numbers - then you might get different results.
What's interesting, liberals are becoming more radical on the issues as they getting smarter while conservatives are almost flat on the spectrum comparted to them.
The host calling the wrong answer "intuitively correct" is absolutely deluded.
Isn't this Cognitive Bias and Cognitive Dissonance?
Dang, I was watching this to try and get away from politics for a little bit.
The biggest problem with examining crime vs gun control is selection bias 😉Places more likely to have gun control are also more likely to have hubs of high crime. This is especially true when you are only examining gun crime instead of overall crime. Deterring knife attacks with a guns is a decrease in crime, but not in gun crime, for example.   Then there's the issue of "greater good" vs liberty. Is it better to put more people who are in unlikely imminent danger at higher risk to decrease more likely general danger? Like, if successful robberies went up, but deaths went down which is "better"? There are questions data alone cannot answer.
The results you got in the video are compromised IMO because you're approaching people on the street just before an election. They're likely to be suspicious and guarded, less likely to take the question at face value.
I remember watching After Skool on this topic. pretty interesting
The republicans support a fascist Trump who wants to destroy democracy in the USA, the others don’t. Everyone in Europe hopes for Trump to lose, not just for us but for the world. And you go “they are both biased, we are so similar”. And still, democrats are way closer to reality with their biases. And you drop this video one day before the election. This video is very disappointing.
That was good
This perfectly explains the last  8 years in the US.
collectivism vs individualism .  it's the driving force in division.  when beliefs grow more  different  between collectivism and individualism, then society is becomes more divided.
So this video just confirmed, for the millionth time, that Dims are always wrong. Good 👍
Me who got it wrong: I have won but at what cost?
I hate Facebook. I’ll scroll to some article that tries to push some narrative/opinion. So after reading the article I switch to safari and start searching for more info and when I think I have enough to contribute something meaningful I go back to Facebook. But I took longer than three seconds away from Facebook so it refreshes and I never see that post again. Or if it does decide to not refresh I’m met with 95% of the people didn’t even get past the headline or they’re commenting about the photo that has nothing to do with the article because it’s just some photo they got off of Shutterstock. 🤦‍♂️ when I saw the numbers for the study I immediately pulled up the calculator on my phone because I suck at math and I’m well aware how easy it is to trick people with numbers.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand you show yourself to be a zealot when you talk about sea level rise... every bit of "data" that shows it, it very obviously junk data that was cooked up by rent seekers and scammers.
Near as I can tell - and I haven't looked at the actual research, just your depiction of it here - all that these studies prove is that confirmation bias is real. No matter how hard we try to be objective, we tend to interpret data in ways that reinforce our existing beliefs. Which is hardly big news. The fact that high numeracy seems to reinforce the effect is hardly surprising either. The really alarming thing is that a large proportion of the population seems to have rejected numerical reasoning and indeed the scientific method altogether, in favor of ridiculous conspiracy theories. Now _that_ is something that's truly worrying.
Being rational is hard and takes active participation in your own point of view. We tend to rationalize our beliefs rather than forming beliefs based on rationale.
A certain Tim Pool can get in on this...
I guess even good channels have their occasional embarrassing fails. The paper discussed in this video did not replicate. @veritasium should research his topics better.
Seems like people were questioned in political settings.  This leaves an entire group of people like myself out of the equation. The logical, apolitical people that just search for good ideas.
Please! at 5:19, we start talking about politics! You know how many media talk about politics? And do you know that most country do not vote in the US? Yes 95% of the population do not care about your politic!  Vote for a dog or a cat person, we do not care anymore! STOP HARRASSING PEOPLE WITH THIS SUBJECT!  Just to say, I removed the subsciption!
The cream study chart is an objectively bad chart. It doesn't say how many were in the control or in the tested group, so you don't know if the chart is showing all the data or if there is a large chunk that it didn't affect at all. Are the control and test groups of this study the same size or are all the results on the chart.  It also had no relative scale of how much it improved vs got worse so it could be just slightly worse or got to perfect health. It also did not use a control of a placebo cream that should have no effect.  If a person is reactive to all creams even placebo creams then their skin is very sensitive so a cream-based solution is less likely to be recommended to a patient like that, as a result, when used in the field, the cream could be more likely to work if it is only applied to people with less sensitive skin.  It is a bad fake study, with a bad chart. So it is really hard to give any results on how people react to this chart.
Are the "experimental" and the "control" groups the same size?  ie- are there people in one or both groups that experienced "no change" and aren't listed in the results?  That could account for a lot of people thinking the experimental side is better, if they just assumed there were.  Which, in reality, there probably would be.
We trust the people who claim to have our best interests in mind, and vice versa. Go figure.
So, for climate change at least, i understand th3 video is about abstract fake numbers and flips them under politically motivated ideas.  But climate change itself, has empirical data that helps prove it almost the same as evolution.  So for me, ive taken science courses on climatology and doen my own papers and research on it for class. So when a random schmoo in the family or on the street starts questioning things as if they even understand the basis of climate change science, it gets annoying.
That sounds really fake....how can you know the right answer and lie about it?!  I am very, very pro-gun. My answer to this could be along the line "I don't think this reflects reality, but in this example gun control clearly worked", if I really want to hammer down on my political standpoint. Why should I lie to myself when I have numeric proof that it is wrong?
Out of curiosity, were these trends found at all levels of tribalism or only in the most polarizing ones? Like I feel that a common phrase is to not talk about politics OR religion so I'm curious if religious beliefs or lack thereof lead to similar results. I would also be curious if this applies at smaller groups of tribalism, say what sports team is your favorite or even whether or not you like a specific food. I hypothesize that there is a direct correlation to the degree of tribalism since with the examples I just listed I feel people are more likely to accept differing views as simply a difference of environment, culture, etc, an issue that doesn't have what is perceived as a distinct correct or incorrect answer.
Why are people pining away for political agreement?  That would be a disaster.  It has been so for the citizen most every time both parties agree on something in the US.  "Our health care in the government will be of very best quality and paid for, for life, by the taxpayer.  The taxpayer will pay for his own and other peoples' at a higher cost to buy us votes and the quality of his will be worse."  If only we had just come to some compromise agreement on independence or slavery.  That would have been great right?
He has discovered cognitive bias lol
I can see what the data suggests, I simply reject the validity or truthfulness of the data
Who would've guessed, people are not indeed open minded when presented with data that contradicts them.
I did a 95% Confidence Interval on the populations, and the CIs overlap.  You'd need a lower CI threshold (maybe 85% ? Didn't check) to conclude that one population had better success rates than another.  Given how close this was, I can't help but suspect that these numbers were designed to get that result for anyone who decided to do a CI lol
People don't have ideas, Ideas have people
ty
Lmao I KNEW what the sponsor was the exact second you started talking about cream and divide etc. Actually a really relevant sponsor for once
Confusing, when there is no stayed the same result.
WTF?  A "Placebo" SHOULD NOT be NO CREAM, but a currently used Cream, or a Cream with no discernable benefits.  This Study is JUNK SCIENCE!  But, Since it's a TED Talk, I suppose every audience member will praise the results.
I think it's more of an American problem then a global one
It is not exactly right to say that the smarter people do worse, but rather no better as the data showed that smarter people got it right a similar proportion to the less smart, and even then the smartest still tended to do better.  Also how do you assess "smartness"?  Regardless, what was enlightening is that people didn't seem to even consider the data presented to them but instead relied on their prejudices.  I liked the part at the end where people opened up to the opposite side saying we are similar.  We are.  Save those with certain impairments, we all at lest, walk, talk, pee, poo, sleep, eat, drink...  Regardless of what happens in politics, hope that there is peace and openess to others.  No one should be excluded.
We'd be a lot better off if a lot more people understood at least on some level Bayesian analysis.  I'm also of the position though that you misrepresented the position of gun rights proponents however the interviews you showed did align with your misrepresentation lol
Solution - Take Physics Degree.  Take data, and learn to believe the data. - Ask how many people are religious.  The more religious the more they follow the tribe, and less they follow the data.  - Ask people to put their money where their mouth is.  This means if someone believes something, ask them to write a check to solve a problem.  Most people do not really believe what they say.  The 80/20 rule is that 80% of the people refuse to think, and just find someone to believe.  They believe someone from church. - Get people to do the same experiment alone and away from a political rally.    It will be interesting tomorrow.  The 2024 Prez election is about abortion.  MAGA woman say they support Trump and are against abortion.  This supports the tribe.  What will happen in the privacy of the voting both?    Please remember it is the capitalist way to promote a conservative conspiracy to make money.  Crazy conservative religious people who have never worked have money from some inheritance to give to anyone supported by their advisor.    It is absolutely astounding how poorly a brain of IQ100 works, or does not work.
Bro is working overtime and I can’t get enough of it 😂😂
The study your citing doesn't replicate 🤦🏽‍♂️
Worse, 3:1 vs 5:1 let's find out
The reason there is so much polarization is because the statistical evidence for many of these things is terrible and the analysis tortured to find any signal at all. Any honest scholar who examines "gun control" literature will quickly find out it is all very poorly done and clearly politically motivated, the policy came first. Harvard has a lab that is literally paid to create gun control papers with a particular outcome. So lets not pretend that science or math training somehow implies sound reasoning. It does not. Mostly people have very poor understanding about issues they attack other about routinely, and we just trust someone to have done the research for us.
It's painful to find evidence that goes against your beliefs. But it's also very easy for "evidence" to be misleading by leaving something out. And there's truly something to be said about making something true through the power of delusion, that's kind of what the placebo effect is. Until proven otherwise, I am immortal, but I have no free will.
TL;DW: People are tribalistic regarding political issues, and expected levels of rationality become compromised when something related to current partisan talking points is mentioned.
Now these are the kind of SAT questions that appear on the second module.
Great topic!
Low-key ad telling all those self-important elites that they're wrong about Kamala 😂😂😂
Thank you for doing something in the ground news sponsorship section I’ve been wanting to see for a while. I’m left wing, and whenever I see ground news ads it’s always feels very left wing too, pointing at what the right is missing. I wanted to see what my left wing biases made me miss or what the right wing reasoning was. Perfect ad for it and I’ll be checking it out (even if it doesn’t do Aussie news… which I don’t know yet)
Here is my favourite riddle, it is a little bit mean, though, but I think it’s insightful. There are two planets, on both planets everybody lives to 80 years old. On both planets, everybody pairs up and has two kids. The only difference is on planet A People have their kids when they’re 20 years old. On planet B people have their kids when they’re 40 years old.  What is the difference in the long-term population of the two planets?  The weird part is, no matter how many kids these people have already had, or how smart they seem to be, nobody seems to get the answer to this riddle. The planet A Where people have their children when they’re 20 will have double the population of planet B.  I honestly can’t believe how ignorant people are to this problem. To me it shows how little people actually know when they think they know everything. And also how little thought they have put into understanding how their actions affect the globe. I honestly can’t believe how many people have kids And get this problem completely arse up. Such little understanding. Very disappointing in my opinion. 😢  You should try surveying people with this question, it would be hilarious to see all the people get this one wrong. Please please, please please please do it. If I had to align myself with some kind of ideology, it would be that I’m a massive sceptic About humans and their inflated opinions. Please ask this question and help Reveal just how little people know.
I guess titling this video 'Ideologies make people resistant to unfortunate facts' would have been less click-baity
i actually got it wrong because i over think it to much well this is how it felt for me in school :P
Me sitting here hammered actually disappointed i didn't get the smart aenser
You're expecting agitators on the fringes to allow this to happen, they will not. Scare campaigns are effective, and there is money to be made by promoting them, so while I would love us to be heading towards a Star Trek type future, it's unattainable.
"Illegal crime" as a distinction killed me
If u know basic maths you know the answer, it is a simple ratio problem,   not means you are smart or not
This is what happened when they let the normies onto the internet. I blame Facebook and Twitter.
MAGA 2024!! LETS GO PROJECT 2025! TRUMP WILL LEAD US TO THE PROMISE LAND LIKE THE GERMANS OF YESTERYEAR!
defcon had a great talk this year about deception and how some use ones belief even if its wrong against them to reinforce what they want others to believe. it's easier to validate something you already thought was right than it is to validate something that goes against your beliefs.
My first thought: “wouldn’t a proper cream study have a medicated and unmediated cream? To control for the placebo effect.”   (Watches video further)  “Oh, that’s not what they’re looking for in answers?”
One of my favourite parallels to this is the plastic bag problem. We've been told that plastic = bad, so grocery stores have replaced plastic bags with more eco-friendly reusable fabric bags. Problem is, plastic bags are extremely easy to manufacture and don't emit much carbon per unit, whereas fabric bags require a much more intensive manufacturing process and produce more carbon in (almost?) every step of the product life cycle, including transportation because they're heavier. Some of the cheaper fabric bags are being thrown out after a single use as well, which defeats the purpose of reducing waste to landfills. It's not political, but because plastic has been painted in a negative light for the past several years, we've created a biased viewpoint and either brush aside or are unaware of the numbers that support plastic bags.  That's not to say plastic bags are the best case scenario. At the end of the day, bringing your own multipurpose bag to the grocery store is still the best way to reduce your carbon footprint and the amount of waste you contribute.
Isn't this just bias? I don't understand what this has to do with being smart or not as it affects everyone
How do they define high numeracy though?  I'd like to think the top .1% in "numeracy" would end up overcoming their bias.
Imagine "independent" media could actually be as neutral as Veritasium.
How is the “intuitive answer” just to pick the biggest number? I think the most (only?) intuitive answer would be to figure out the success rate as a percentage for each option. Simply picking the biggest number strikes me as more of a “I don’t actually care about this so I’ll just pick that one” answer.
The video basically shows a lack of understanding of the topic of guns and gun control. Its over simplifying it to such a degree that there is no correct answer possible, at least not one not based on poletics.
This one seems easy to explain. You're turning a math question into a question about whether or not studies are valid. Math has a set of correct answers, but anyone with any sense knows you can get a study to say anything. The smarter people understand this dynamic. There's a whole, you know, replication crisis.
Very interesting how many people in comments are quick to choose the path of, "the test is flawed". :) I regularly experience dealing with people who are the "experts" that are so "smart" that they can no longer simply observe or believe the obvious.
wtf are those questions? people really have trouble with those kind of question? Like really?   "smart people do worse because they see big number". No thats a dumb person imo.
0:51 I think that your answer is wrong, because the cream did improve the rash (223 vs 75). And the lack of the cream also improved the rash (107 vs 21).  But if you asked “did cream perform better than no cream”, the answer would be “no”.
7:00 no this is not the same question and data. First situation, it's a cream, scientifically tested where other factor are controlled. (only difference between group is the cream so you can isolate it and have good data) Second situation, it's crime report, where other crime factor are and cannot be controlled. (many many many difference between group, you cant isolate the "gun control" factor" and the data are trash)
10:23 why does this little comment on bipartisanship got me crying in the club 😢
Damn it's almost as if the political divide is orchestrated by powerful people whose best financial interest is maintaining a specific level of chaos.
It's not difficult.  Use logic and FACTS not opinion and emotion to make rational arguments. Emotion and irrational thinking have no place in solving real problems...
So why do children reject their parents beliefs?
Reminds me of MLM and pyramid scheme there was this ted talk of a former head that said the ones more likely to fall prey are "smart" people because they assume they are better than everyone else then the shame of not talking about it once they are roped in make them stay longer as well
Wow. Fantastic job. Down the middle. Both sides. Love it
10:51 Yeah that process is also called being a cuck to the political right. Thanks but I hate it.
Great video!
This is a masterclass on how to make a political commentary while both not being offensive and making all sides take a moment to think. It is not trying to sway you, rather telling you to understand how propaganda can work.
Well this is downright terrifying.
A great way to ruin the validity of scientific consensus on an issue whose consequences you don't like? Find a way to politicize it.
Watching for the second time because my english isn't good as I thought lol
Humans are stupid end of discussion 😂😂
But what does the truth say.
I don't think the conclusion of the test is right.   People are not twisting the facts.  It's just that there is no point in putting in more effort to something that confirms what you already believe.  A glancing look is all you need.   If it contradicts it then you put in more brain power.    Also, your wording is problematic as your just asking about who it helped.   Not the difference. So some people are going to, rightly so, ignore the negative data based on your wording.
Aw sheet Guess I’m a idiot
3:05 is the dumbest kind of person
Great Video!!! I wish we could develop critical thinking among children instead of teaching them what we think is right.
As a relaively new centrist, I find the left's ability to brainwash itself fairly terrifying. They are constantly talking about the importance of open-mindedness and education, but are lightning quick to label anything they don't like as far-right conspiracy. They generally believe that the left is the side of the educated, and whatever the left seems to be saying, is the definition of correct, and educated. And now that the culture and the media is so completely lop-sided towards the left, the left have become radically easy to manipulate. So much so that in just the last 10 years, the left have become pro censorship, pro war, pro lock-you-in-your-house government control, pro big pharma, and seem to have discarded the poor in favour of LGBTQIA2+ etc. etc. etc. i.e. In just 10 years they've been flipped upside down like a pancake, and haven't even realised, because how you look is more important than the truth. The right's familiarity with the idea of conspiracy theory has somewhat innoculated it against this phenomenon. In general I find the right more open to discuss new ideas. Which is crazy, when you think about it.  It just shows you how off track the left has become.
A conversation merely on any of the hot button subjects cast me out of social groups. People are very insistent of their BELIEFS.  They even state that no 'supposed' facts will shake their belief. That's what they want to think, and they are going to think that way. I HAVE changed my opinion on many of these topics after looking at data. It's lonely.
Ur always using apple and orange. Get a new support grou6
12:12 me?! I would never
Title doesn't make sense to me. Worse than who?
Tbh the first table confused me.
The fbi are so honest
Interesting topic for a video, but at least right at the moment I don't have the bandwidth to listen to MAGAs act like they have a functioning brain. Maybe in a week or two I'll come back to this.
My guess is it accidentally discovered disbelief in politicized question being "scientifically" studied, for more info consult british comedy yes prime minister on how to make poll fit your narrative
Ur as full of it as the rest
The challenge is that data isn't the only input to policy decisions. There are also values. Consider: would you believe it was fine to torture to death small children if it cured cancer in an elderly person? How about 10 middle-aged adults? Would a chart showing a vast gain of QALYs be sufficient? Or would you stand and say that torturing small children is immoral, regardless of the numbers?
You just used climate effect as climate change
Okay but how do you objectively quantify most of these things enough to put on an x-axis; "Numeracy", "Ordinary Science Intelligence", "Actively Open-minded Thinking (z-score)"? They  honestly seem to get  more subjective as the argument goes on. I get the point is (subjective) bias in examining data, but what does that mean when the very data itself is already measuring the subjective??
Moral of the story.... some communist professor rigged an academic study (like almost all trash fake academic studies these days) and tried to make Republicans looks dumb. The amount of academic fraud these days is through the roof.
Wait until they start trying to analyze the electoral collge tomorrow...
If you are Republican thumbs up
whats that thing asmon always says you cant reason a person out of a belief they didn't use reason to get to
If you are Democrat thumbs up
If you want the truth, follow the money…
No, the cream was the same as no cream.  ~110 in each group: no cream, cream had no effect, cream helped. Congratulations, Derek discovered Response Bias.  Groundbreaking -Miranda Priestly This is probably the worst written script on this channel.  The 'correct' answer doesn't change so you're not measuring the silly concept of numeracy.  People are just rationalizing the numbers based on what they know, or think they know in the case of the Libs.
Please don't ban me for the comment I am about to make.
It is not the elite's interest to unite people. It's simple as that.
OK, but where do I get that cream for my rash?
ANYONE with actual statistical and pharmaceutical rigor would see that the rash cream did not perform better than the placebo. this is more about making people understand relativel percentages and statistical significance, not whether smarter people do worse.
As a tribal person, I don't appreciate the evolution of the word to mean something bad that doesn't actually describe tribal persons.
We need new, better tribes.  The two we have are rotten.
The problem with this experiment, is that political science is not the same as medical science. It is MUCH harder to mitigate outside variables, in the real world, than in the lab. 🌎≠🧑‍🔬. I would interpret the data "correctly" in either case but my questioning of the methodology, COULD ruin the experiment, by prematurely revealing the study was fictitious. 🤥😬
Well this was dumb. At least it reinforces the fact my professors always tell me to start an answer with the assumptions you're making, as that's the most relevant.
I got the question right. Maybe because I am familiar with... _statistical terrorism_
Free Palestine from the Zionists 🫒
Dude that was so easy
I feel like the biases influencing the decision of people with higher numeracy is partially based on the perception of their own intelligence when faced with numbers.  If you have successfully demonstrated your intelligence in the past, you feel more assured of your intelligence and more sure of your perspective being correct, as opposed to those who are not as certain of their intelligence.
Wow, I’m good at this!   Oh… wait…
Not surprising but good to have empirical data to show this phenomenon. He isn’t saying they won’t concede when proven wrong, but that they have a harder time interpreting data correctly when it goes against their bias
Sabine just put out a video and the comments sections... wow :)  This one and that could be shaving-mirrors.  Amazing how two different topics garner the exact same polarizations with the exact same arguements made on both sides.
Insert ted lasso curious monologue
Hearing this really makes you think deeply. When it comes to core beliefs, no matter how skilled we are in math or science, we can easily slip into defending "our side" rather than facing the data head on
6:04  "It's kinda like drugs."  Uh... I very much hope the police are taking away people's illegal drugs.
Man I'm still stuck on numeracy. How is score figured out and what do the scores 0-9 mean?
These are just cases where what happens to seem obvious is the case so don’t feel smart, you stupid people. I’m highly intelligent with a PhD and I immediately could tell what they were trying to do here.
Watching this from Spain and what just happened in Valencia (massive flooding) it´s the perfect example of what people can achieve when they put their differences aside and work together towards the same goal, the entire country started working overclock to help those in need via donations, supplies, manual labour, tools and machinery, etc... Except the political parties that decided to blame each other and do absolutely nothing to solve the problem...
This is the most *important* and possibly insightful video you have ever posted. I like them all, but this one has far reaching impacts that we can all learn from beyond the insatiable thirst for general knowledge. This one can help us all become better humans. Kudos!
10:40 Been thinking about language and how it's use in media can influence opinion, especially in a culture that mostly reads headlines and not the actual story. I started using Ground News recently and it will show you left, center, and right stories for the same topic; I started comparing different articles and their language. They are usually 90% the same except the headlines and key words. I believe many editors in media understand the ideas from this video and actively use them for propaganda. - Here is good example of headlines for the same story: Left source: "Some Republican led states refuse to let DOJ monitors into polling places" Center Source: "Missouri Sues DOJ in effort to block poll monitors" Right Source: "Missouri sues Biden-Harris DOJ over election interference" - The writers and editors of these publications know 90% of people will only read headlines. They also know the algorithm is more likely to show specific sources, all that reinforce a bias, so they create a headline that will appeal to that bias. Any right wing reader would read that title and just assume "they" are trying to steal the election from Trump. Then they tell their friends, "I read Missouri is suing Biden-Harris for election interference." They have the illusion they read the story and are, in fact, educated but in reality just victim to propaganda.
Errrrrr .... so an entirely arbitrary definition of numeracy was used .... ?
Making American Guns Accessible is a single argument that can win elections.
my isms made me think like this ; one want a rash to go away, so the group with the least rashes worsening is the W, and the group with the most rashes worsening is the L. that the twice as many had their rash improve tells me that the groups are not equal number of particpates either. the controlgroup being vastly smaller than the other group. a little over 100 in one and almost three hundred in the other.
An interesting question to ask people is, what is your most extreme belief that goes against how you identify? What is a conservative's most progressive idea or a progressive's most conservative idea.   Me? I'm a conservative. My most progressive ideas are that we should build walkable cities, with all of the zoning deregulation and other challenges that that entails, and that we should implement Utahism, the redrawing of state boundaries such that states better contain individual political groups rather than their current arbitrary lines so that people can feel more like their state represents them rather than some majority in their current state.
this research isnt totally right or in other words somewhat misleading im talking about prior knowledge about the subject not in the context of the group as they try to show here  for example cats given tuna vs vegetables then see their satisfaction or politicians doing what they promised over time we all know the answer to those questions so the numbers wont be the only data we take into acount. smartly so.
Having poorly displayed data is a murky way to test anything.  Trying to sway people one way or another by how you display data is basically marketing, and unless you are a researcher, people are more likely to believe the "big graph with numbers from the smart person speaking." The biases here surpass the political ideology, even before it was a factor. The title is more along the lines of "Smart people can still be gullible if sources appear trustworthy".
11:29 I feel like I've been waiting for friends in this "tribe" for maybe 30 to 40 odd years. Maybe longer.
BFT blacks for Trump 2024
Why are you getting political with a bias on pro liberal politics? Could it be you want to endorse someone specific?
9:13 damn, you put them on blast haha. Personally, i've changed my political beliefs many times based off of studies and others opening my mind to alternate reasonings. I think the world is very complex, and I'm not going to pretend I know what is best for the world politically. I've given up on forming a political belief.
So lets talk science and professors, Even with data its hard to proof your professor wrong.
Are they disputing the statistical correlation or merely the conclusion of the study? For a simple clinical trial about skin cream with only one variable, that's more or less the same thing. But for a political issue such as gun control there's going to be far more variables, variables that politically minded people are going to be more aware of and thus dispute a conclusion of a study even if they can recognize a statistical correlation.
all this experiment has done is invent a clever 'ideology detector' - the fact is most of these people would not shift their positions even if they came to some sobering realization of the truth of the data. they are merely sublimating their ideological beliefs through the lens of rationality because we live in a culture that treats logic and rationality as the highest orders of thinking. they would continue thinking that their tribe isn't a part of the cohort of behavior responsible for the 'bad' data. as for the numeracy tracking, more intelligent people have a more sophisticated cognitive arsenal to delude themselves more effectively.
Having personal emotional regulation means anyone can say anything to you and you choose how you respond. Boom, no need to know what to avoid or what the new taboo is. No need to worry about being kicked out of your tribe for saying the wrong thing when people have their emotions in check.  Taking personal responsibility for your person is the simple but difficult answer.
I have proudly changed my personal views on a LOT of things - many political, many not - throughout my adult life, and can attest to how difficult it is. It's wild how difficult and scary it can be to question one's beliefs, yet how freeing it actually is once you give yourself permission to. Changing my mind on one subject allowed me the freedom I needed to be able to explore other subjects  The clan/tribe mentality is a very real aspect of it, though I propose that it's not always as simple or as difficult as he makes it sound. As adults, many of us get to basically hand pick our "tribe" by purposely surrounding ourselves with like-minded people. Let me word this a different way - I grew up believing the things I believed solely because of the way I was raised and having most of the environment/people around me believing the same. Being a part of those people and that culture was not by choice. As an adult, and as I started to question some things, I moved away to a place that better fostered critical thinking and open-mindedness - this gave me the freedom to explore whether I *actually* believed those things or if I was just raised to believe them. I have since consciously surrounded myself with people who believe similarly - and who are willing to question everything - so my current group of people I trust exists 100% by choice
As an Australian/Canadian, Derek should know that you can decrease polarisation by having more than two options…like in Canada and Australia., not to mention many other countries. At the start of this video I was wondering while you only did the experiment in the USA, now I see why.
These are two completely different tests building an attention seeking conclusion from something childishly unsophisticated. One involves no emotions or preconceptions, the other is as loaded as you can make it with preconceptions and social and cultural implications. (Which you chose to call 'ideologies'). So they are testing completely different things and it makes no sense to compare them. You  could expand the study by using less and less emotive subjects (gun control? how about access to healthcare or education, sporting ability vs training?), and see the 'effect' decrease. It's just people doing what they too often do, jump to conclusions. Which they are more likely to do when the topic is important to them.
The crime stats thing at the end is ridiculous. "See look this data agrees with our political agenda!" while literally ignoring most of the important data
My answer for the first one is that the control group should be using a control cream not no cream and therefore the entire study is void.
In some sense, you could take the exact opposite conclusion from this study. The evidence is low quality. This is evidenced by the fact that the study shows the exact opposite evidence to two groups of people. So they should have put more weight on their prior beliefs. In the case of gun control where people have very strong prior beliefs, they shouldn't really update much because some random person told them that they have a study whose quality they can't verify and which is wrong. For the cream, since prior beliefs have a very high variance (because lack of knowledge means low precision), maybe you should update more. This seems very rational to me.
something that really bothers me about the gun control statistics, is they'll show you the gun deaths going down, but they don't show the total number of deaths or crime from other means.
recently you hear more people saying " fact dont care about feelings" but sometimes they tend to forget that mostly "feelings dont care about facts" either
great video to put up during this time
Why our brain is dumb
So those that use math are smarter? Obserption of information makes you smarter. What a laugh
Fun “innocent” fact: Kamala Harris’ name was shown very abundantly in the video, but Trump’s were always blocked by something. The gran finale was at 12:07, when the word “awareness” was spoken while showing Harris’ supporters happy and friendly.
If the need were strictly to unify the country behind any one position, I could see the laser-focus on "political polarization" as defensible. But that is not a sensible goal, and on many issues (climate change!! not supporting genocide!!) there is a clear right answer in terms of large-scale policy objectives, but numerous bad incentives in play to deflect from those obvious right answers, so the laser-focus on "political polarization" _per se_ as a source of strife in the country does nothing but enable manufacturing consent.
11:50 these problems are definitely not as old as the human species itself.   Of course, tribal thinking is as old, but then it was directed at different tribes. Never before in the history of humankind, has tribal thinking been incorporated to keep a democracy going.
Including politics in the election season, made sure not miss the details there
This video was delivered perfectly. Thank you for using your platform so responsibly and thoughtfully. You give me some hope when all i hear is fear.
The skin cream acutally made it better for some and worse for others. So the cream did work but not as intended
skin cream question is pretty dumb. shouldn’t the groups be equal? and shouldn’t there be a section for no changes?
What? How did no one think about the ratio between the sample sizes of each control group? It was so glaringly such a big of a difference that I did some calculations and it seemed like the ones without the cream did better. This cream sucks lol
As someone who never fits in, I can confirm. My Opinion is always objectively correct... except when I learn that it isn't. Then I feel weird, accept defeat and change my mind. But until that happens...again... I am always right.
The skin cream question is way wrong! The cream group and the control group have to be the same size. The size of the groups is not mentioned but lets suppose that each group is 500 people. That would mean that for the cream group 223/500 have shown improvement where as for non cream group 107/500 had improvement. That means that the cream has produced positive results in 208% over no cream or in other words more than double the no action rate.  This is actually quite a positive result. At the same time, some people had bad reactions to the cream. 75/500 people that used the cream reported worsening symptoms, compared to 21/500 for no cream. This is a 357% or more than triple of negative effects. This is also very significant. So, what is the result then positive or negative? Well, it's open to interpretation and most companies would simply market the cream with a warning label. Really, what such result would mean is that not all rashes are the same. Duh! The cream works very well for some specific types of rashes but there are some types of rah that the cream makes worse. It could also depend on other factors like genetics. Bottom line though to state that the no cream is better is WAY WRONG!
So called free thinkers when an evidence challenge their beliefs
Video on election day 😅
Ironically the guy who answered the question with "well it depends on how guns were used and the resulting outcomes" was the most accurate, because he's saying that "the results of a study cannot always be determined based upon the statistics alone, there may be more variables that determine causal factors". It's nuance and ability to question science that is the most useful, and also highly problematic in science communication. We cite studies, we quote outcomes and take things as hard truth, yet we hear another explanation, and another perspective, and suddenly fact seems dubious.   This is the problem of human reasoning--we want to be right and be right quickly. Truth takes time and nuance and a lot of work to build certainty. If there's a takeaway: be wary of fast answers and easy reasoning, if something seems obvious, ask more questions. Further--it's okay to accept things, but it's more important to be open to change and to listen to new evidence and ideas.
If I was shown the study where "Gun control laws improve crime", I would automatically question the results.
Thanks!
@Veritasium would have been good to know how they determined "Numeracy"?  Also This American Life just had a segment on a journalist at Tangled successfully convincing people the election was not stolen by avoiding the buzz words that are used by each side.
Was so happy to see a Veritasium video that could distract me from all the nonsense political messaging.  Oh, nope... it's just bait.
Would have been very interested to see data from people who self identify as centrists.
that rash creme question is tricky because you automatically presume the number of people in both the placebo and creme groups was equal and that there was also people who didn’t have any change in the severity of the rash and thus weren’t categorised in resulting statistics as better nor worse..   the resulting stats of that fake study also have a ratio that is making sense and further nurturing this presumption of an existence of that unmentioned third “no change” stat in both groups as the placebo group would have naturally much less response to treatment and so for the majority of them to fall into the unmentioned “no change” stat while the experimental creme actually having some pronounced effect, positive in most, negative in the rest - thus splitting the group more strongly into the one or another category, leaving only a few non-responders compared to the placebo group
Inflexible, inside-the-box intelligence has its downsides. Tell a seasoned academic that your IQ score is 77, and observe how they differently they behave towards you afterwards. If there are unmistakable signs that they believe the test result is accurate, then ask them: "Why should one incidental test result, that is almost certainly erroneous, prejudice your evaluation of someone else's intellect despite continuing evidence that your confidence in that test result is misplaced?" See if the question even registers, or if they continue on that train of cognitive dissonance and keep treating you as if you're borderline
Have there been any cross-cultural versions of this study?  Is this worse in America where people are primed to be very tribal?  Is it even worse in societies where tribal structures have even higher stakes of actual punishment or ostracism?  Is it better in places where people feel tribalism less on a daily basis?
This is your absolute best video. Brilliant, really quite outstanding
5:53 The headers of the table are CONFUSING!  "Crime improved" is marked with an UP-ARROW?  What does this mean? "Improved" / "Worsened" is from the perspective of criminals? More intuitive would be "Crime Reduced" (DOWN-ARROW).
Humanity is not the world. "We" will have a very different world once humans are gone, which is soon enough. I don't believe that, I know it because of the facts.
the minute politcs was mentioned i left
I think the critical flaw of this is relationship. I am used to being lied to by people about this specific topic, and happen to be aware of more of the existing research (and the complex social information about how it was conducted atd published or not); so I am not going to look at some stupid four quadrant matrix and suddenly change my belief if a stranger presents it in the street.
Good video, but I came to this video to get _away_ from politics for a few minutes 😅
Very interesting curves at 8:45.
It has happened to me already, that I've been exposed to data that contradicted my political views. Generally, I change my mind on the validity of the policy that was studied, or the proposed solutions of my so called "side," but it doesn't change my underlying values, and therefore doesn't mean I'll agree with the other "side's" proposed solution if it contradicts my values.
It's sad that guns are a political convention and not one that affects all of society. Says a lot about America and Americans
As a data scientist it's sometimes hard to live in this world with all these people and their opinions.
My solution to this is to follow the Sócrates filosofy.  I question all my beliefs.  I know that I know nothing (it is from another filisofist, I know )  But now I consider myself a Socratic person who uses maieutics and epistemology to evaluate my beliefs.  It works very well😊
Your cream puzzle would stand out to be fictional or at least confusing to someone on-the-spot because it excludes both the total number of participants surveyed or the numbers of cases where the rash did not change.  For example, If the study had thousands of participants where the rash did not change, the numbers shown to improve or worsen would not be statistically significant.  I figured it out by assuming what the presenter failed to write.  But if someone showed me that on the street, I'd think it was a grift instead of valid research or a logic test.
Welp, to me it seems like this 3-6 numeracy group is the most dangerous. They are smart enough to do SOME research, but usually stop the moment something start contradicting their beliefs, which makes them very prone to manipulation/misleading conclusions. Like dudes who heard that radiation=bad, uranium=nuclear warheads, heard about Chernobyl, Hiroshima and TME, and now protesting against nuclear power. This is just a receipt for radicalisation in any aspect, and the fact that there are 70-80% of them is genuinely terrifying.
I love you Derek:-)!!?
Excellent. Thank you.
change the democratic system. where polarized and false thinking got less power.
The actually terrifying part is that BOTH sides can perfectly ignore rationality. Even after reaching an agreement.
13 percent of the population commits over 50 percent of the crime, but keep blaming the larger number of people because you refuse to accept the answers
What do I believe in and why do I believe it?
Me who got the question wrong because I'm a dumbass: My genius... it's almost frightening...
tldr: its clickbait
By the way, the study he cites in the video couldn't be replicated by other studies.
Well we're emotional beings after all.
The trouble with the data-driven approach is that, while it may be "rational" and "analytical" (some would claim "scientific"), it is driven by mere data. What part of you decides (rationally) about an issue only by considering the data you have? Even worse, the data from just one study, or what you're presented with at the time? What part of you takes into consideration the questions: "What am I missing? What other factors need to be brought into the issue? What is knowable, and what is not?" We also have an intuitive sense. Some would say that nature tends not to be wasteful, and that intuition serves a purpose. It is clearly not always correct, but it does serve to warn us against making a decision that seems rational at the time, but causing us to hesitate because of that sense that something "doesn't fit". There is much more to rationality than mere reasoning, mere logic, mere data. Those have value, as tools, but they are rarely the whole story in life. Consider what would happen to our knowledge of chemistry if we examined only the elements. Wouldn't the purity of that approach yield all you would need? But of course, we can see quite readily that  it would miss enormous considerations. Every set of data is like an element. The next step in reasoning must be towards its context.
YouTube would be hard pressed to push a more timely video.
This is also numbers about a more complicated phenomenon (random other people get guns in a large and dynamic city -> crime improves or worsens; what if the bad guys had tons of money and the good guys had little? what if the good guys were very non-violent? what if everyone started killing each other so in the end there wasn't much people left? how expensive is even a gun? what if the bad guys gunned down the gun store so nobody could buy guns and then they stole all the guns for themselves?) vs. an apparently simple phenomenon (I put cream on myself, rash improves or worsens; for some reason).
I feel like the fact that statistics on the effectiveness of strict gun control already existing pre-loaded biases. When you tell a conservative that gun control decreased crime, if they are aware of the actual data, you are presenting them that flies in the face of reality. Conversely, dems are being told their political bias is finally right. Kind of taints the results for that question really.
In reality, the people who were questioning the political side were actually the ones who were correct because the logic should be applied to both.  Yes, technically, with no further information, you can only go with the basic math, but you actually do have to question why those numbers are the way they are in the first place.  Suggesting that you should only care about the numbers and not question how they came to get those numbers like what kind of rash they're talking about and how much worse that worse is, is the stuff of idiots.  If you are intelligent you don't make decisions on how valid something is without context.  Stripping the argument of context and then claiming yourself to be right is not a valid argument for anything. Whether it's rash cream effectiveness or gun control.  The fact that people would care about the context for one and not the other is the problem because you need it in both.  If we're in a competition for weightlifting, and I tell you I can lift 250 pounds, and you tell me you can lift 350 pounds, it matters that you did so with a forklift. Technically with just the numbers you won, but you didn't really, did you?  There was one single intelligent person in this video, and it was the woman who wanted context for the rash numbers.
LOVE IT MAN!  more people need to see this, challenge themselves, and try to stay away from rhetoric and think about things logically!!
there’s a reason why washington warned against bipartisan politics…
I got all the answers right. I swear.
Its so sad to see that even science youtube channels are cashing in on the topic of politics during election times. Gotta make that money right Dereck?
Breaking news: smarter people are less likely to trust some random person presenting some random data regarding a politically loaded topic. This is not an issue of science education, but an issue of a scientist needing education on how things work in the real world. The real crisis is with science itself losing more and more credibility because of what scientists and scientific institutions are doing with the authority they possess but can't live up to.
Veritasium for President
This puts the perspective on human bias. If you're smart and bias then you'll probably fail twice as hard. Great content❤
Okay but i dont think this is very great. For the skin rash, there are very few factors that could influence thise statistics however for gun violence there are maybe 20 factors that influence yhe amount of gun crimes, so it could he that another factor not shown in the fictional study effected the outcomes and people rely on their previous information to interpret the study. I dont think this is very scientific if im honest
"If it's on paper, and that's the way it is, I'd have to go with that" - exactly, so when you write anything down on paper, it magically becomes true! OMFG, people are so beyond help
This is kind of an awful video. Presumably, people have formed an opinion based on past data and information. And your thesis is that showing them a 2x2 matrix, with no sources or methodology, held up by a stranger with a video camera, is going to upend all of that. Frankly it would be concerning if everyone just accepted that result in whole cloth.
It seems that all the people tried to rationalize how the data was made. Not the actual statistical relationship between the numbers. I can't see this working on people who actually do math everyday.
As an australian with 0 political leanings.  I got everything right 😂 DAMMIT
I’ve owned about 10 Toyotas over the years and this is how they are losing me as a lifelong customer. They are purposefully restricting supply so dealers sell cars before they land and can “justify” these wild markups. It’s nuts.
Why can’t we make both candidates work together? And run as one?
I think these studies are missing the point.  People are skeptical of studies and data on political subjects because they are often gamed, massaged, or faked to favor certain sides, so of course people are not going to try to take the results at face mathematical value.  It doesn't help that you are giving the people fake studies and data, the exact thing that causes people to become skeptical in the first place.  In fact, arguably this study is one of those studies that makes people skeptical about the trustworthiness of scientific studies.
I can't put a finger on why, but this video made me get the feels.
You show people a fake study and ask them to make broad social claims based on it on camera and think it's surprising that they are defensive about it
I have been ostracized a few times in my life, for my religious beliefs.  I haven’t been un-ostracized.  It’s like losing only a few fingers.  The permanence of a few is a big deal.    I’m also in Pima County, where your study was done.
Sounds like you need more engineers. Present us with a bite size problem. We will solve it.
i immediately did not like how the question was presented, but i could see why it was done that way. my thing is would want to know is how many people saw no change in the rash in both the control and experimental, and how long did the people using the cream administer it? because things like differen and accutane can make acne symptoms worse before they improve. but i understand the simplification of the study results to make it more of a survey  with a quick response to get people’s initial thought process. i might just be thinking about it too much lol
11:58 you've missed the biggest solution. abandon tribalism as your self identity politics. when we divide ourselves up into tribes, red and blue, black and white, man and women, rich and poor, nationalism etc.  We end up falling into lies and deception.
Makes it worse right?  Generally speaking from the control group, 83% of rashes improve in this time period.  With the cream group, 74% of rashes improved.  I do NOT how could this be argued. You can't do anything more with the info given.
My problem with the question was that the control group was barely over a third of the experimental group.   I would like to see this done with specially selected individuals and let's get this FDA approved pronto.
Because they're not using reasoning, they're using emotion to solve the problem. Not at all surprising. That's why the country, and the world, is such a mess. People only use reason part of the time, a small part. The rest of the time they think with their feelings. Your title is misleading. These people may be smart occasionally but they shut off or ignore that part of their brain often.
Are graphs on 11:46 also fake data? I'm asking because in video they are sounding like actual observation of the same people but grouped differently along x axis, but it couldn't be right - there is quite a lot of blue below .6 (even .4 and .3) on the left chart and there is no blue below .6 on right chart. If only difference is with ordering on x axis they still should be somewhere on the right chart, maybe in a different percentile, but there is suddenly non blue below .6. So those groups are very different and should not be compared.
I found a flaw in Veritasium's study and conclusion.  You are taking the political bias inconsistency to mean that political bias prevents people from using their reasoning skills to come to the correct answer.  The problem is that your test has no real correct answer. The real world, on the other hand, DOES have a correct answer. And if you present to a smarter person a false study contradicting the real world truth, then why would they choose "your correct answer"?  In the control study, you chose a neutral topic that many people likely never thought about before, so they had no option but to analyze it. In the political study, real world facts, as well as misinformation, has been presented. From the citizens perspective, they know the topic. They don't need to analyze it. As far as they are concerned, they already did their research and thought process.   With that said, I agree that some people come to conclusions without any consideration, and many do have biases due to their personal tribes. I just think that your study conclusion is faulty.
I find myself having conversations in my head with a theoretical alien visitor, and having to explain absolutely everything about modern humans. So much of it wouldn't make sense, or would just end up in "because Money."  Human: Oh so we've got these fantastic machines, they're called MRIs. They can image inside a living body noninvasively, and they're life-saving!  Alien: Oh, so surely every hospital on Earth has one of these miracle machines? Human: Ehhhh....
I think a major part of this problem is that political topics are very complex and most of the time there are many different factors.   In scientific studies, they are structured so that you can isolate the effect of whatever it is, like the skin cream in the fictitious example.  In the real world, there's like 27 different factors that affect the crime rate in a given area.  Showing a simple table with top level data can't statistically say with certainty that the cause is or isn't gun control.  You would need multivariate analysis of all known factors to determine that.  Which is why in the real world these things are extremely hard to prove and solve.  So people make up their mind on what they feel is right and then find the argument or evidence to support it.  One of the things I try to do is to look at which policies or party seems to have outcomes that are desirable.  You look at the results and then you can look into the details to see what may have affected it positively or negatively.  But it's hard to argue with results IF they are consistent over time.
Your comparing a hypothetical question to a real life question, with actual data. The results are likely to be skewed to what the person actually believes.
i like to think that i see everyone (like, everyday ppl, not ppl in positions of power) as pretty equal regardless of political leanings. but as soon as any side starts wearing campaign shirts, i am judging you very hard lol
Preparations A through G were  a complete failure.  But I have a good feeling about the next skin cream.
3:03 she doesn’t understand that it is a hypothetical question. The rash and cream are just variables that were picked. The question is only about the numbers.
I'm triggered
Statistics is just lying with PowerPoint. Your opinions are NOT yours! You just adopt opinions you hear that fits your already fixed mindset... Realizing this gives you at least a very small chance to have a rational discussion
Thanks for reminding me, I need to buy more gun cream.
When everyone else uses proportions, but you use Bayes’ Theorem to determine if P(A|B) < P(A)…
Suppose a trusted chief antagonist on climate change did a 180?  An organization funding misinformation and outright lies. What would that do to their tribal members? ExxonMobil's August 2024 global outlook executive summary does exactly that. Anyone can download from their website no charge. Keep in mind it's part of their financial and shareholders report and it's the best picture they can paint with the information they've collected. Consider reading it.....
So guys I might not be smart 😂😂😂
Dumb people aren't smart enough to be able to ignore the facts. Lol. This video just reinforces my decision to avoid political discussions. Dumb people can't tell fact from fiction, and smarter people don't care about fact if it contradicts their beliefs, so there's no point in discussing at all. In the end, it's just the guy with the biggest stick that gets his way, regardless of discussion.
I just used GPT-4o and asked the same question and it got it Right. I litteraly given the screenshot of the chart about the cream and gave it a bit of context it reasoned just as Darren and came to the right conclusion in seconds
This is simple: smart people think they are right, even in politics. This is similarly demonstrated in anti-vaccination groups, who are more likely to have a tertiary degree than not (several studies since 2008 demonstrate this, and was also demonstrated in covid measures after accounting for multiple variables). The likely reason being that having a degree makes people think they are intelligent in areas they did not study such as biology, whereas someone without a degree trusts those more experienced then them in that field such as biology. You can see this in the Amercian data by state when you look at correlation of people who choose not to vaccinate versus the average level of education, with the highest rates of vaccination objectors being in states with higher levels of education.  Basically, when you are intelligent, you have to be more wary of being wrong. But if you are not intelligent, you have to be more wary of the intelligent people.
Watching this after re-watching your Game Theory episode 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 it all lines up.
Crime Improved ✅⬆️  They vouldn't find a more confusing way to put that?
How weird. To me this question is just math and the subject of it doesn’t matter. It’s like asking if 2+2=4 and people getting it wrong because of their beliefs.
I paused the video at the point where you present the gun violence data.  I concluded I couldn't answer the question.  Whereas the skin cream had a known population size, the gun question does not.  I've no idea the sample size.  I've no idea as to how much the increase/decrease impacts the total crime.  I don't know how to compare the two.
What does "crime improved" even mean? What does putting "107 crime improved" mean? Did crime rates reduce by 107? Were there 107 less deaths from guns? Did the average death toll decrease by 107?
If you get it right are you a smarter smart person or a dumb person? Asking for a friend
I was right so I assume the next 13 minutes will explain why I'm wrong
"We're so similar" really sounds like someone who isn't in one of the groups right wingers are openly calling for the extermination of. Basically, standard liberal blinders to exactly what conservative beliefs inevitably lead to every time. You can't "come together" with someone who denies your  humanity -- they HAVE to change first.
Data set is not large enough to make a valid conclusion.
An awful lot of political views aren’t based on data. For example, providing homes for homeless people is probably cheaper than our current system. But if there was evidence that is was actually more expensive, that doesn’t change my view, because I still think people should have homes, even if it costs more. This was on display in the video, with the person answering the gun question.
How can you compare cream effectiveness to gun control effectiveness? Regardless of how you skew the data or change the question, the two are not comparable.  With cream, you can definitively draw the conclusion if the cream helps with the rash or not. With gun control, even if you say it increases/decreases crime rates, there's so many other variables at play which people can use to cater to their narrative.
Kinds of Kindness, third story
If I've read 10 studies showing one thing, and some stranger shows me a simplistic study purporting to show the opposite, of course I won't believe it.
Suprised no one questioned the small sample size.
That moment when the Dunning-Kruger effect was essentially dead wrong the whole time….
Mec. Eng. guy here, I found the right answer, am I dumb? XD To be fair, statistical analysis is part of our curriculum, i noticed immediately the two groups were not the same size.
Perception IS reality. Reality IS NOT perception.
I'm curious if this applies to me, and if so, how.  I'm not saying I'm immune to irrational thinking, but I have always rubbed everyone the wrong way.  I've never had any inclination to fit in or choose a side.  For instance there are things I agree with democrats on, things I agree with republicans on, and things I disagree with both on.  So I think I might be immune to tribal thinking (for better or for worse).  That said, I may still be subject to ignoring the data to cling to preconceptions that I'm invested in for non-tribalistic reasons...
a study showing people unironically turn their brain off when it comes to politics  treat every person like they have a bias and agenda, because they do, YOU do. Audit reports, what people say, and what you think, and assume you're no smarter than others
Ъ.Ъ
The problem is pretty easy - never allow bundling policies. Most people want to close the borders, put a bill up allow some sort of direct democracy, let people vote. Most people want a 12-15 week abortion ruling, introduce a bill let people vote on it and be done with it. In this example especially we can see something: Most women don't want pre-op trans women in their changing room, if we had a anonymous vote on it, that would be clear, but the abortion issue overshadows everything. Or climate change, I do think most Republicans started with the thought that the scientists are right, but have to accept their party's stance because they don't want the government to take away their guns, and so on.  Most people are not exactly single issue voters but have one issue that is a no-go, that has to be managed, and they will accept any other policy to get what they want. The problem is our system - and yes most things do not need direct democracy, people shouldn't vote on every little thing - but some things, like abortion or the border, are being used for decades now to get people motivated to vote without politicians really wanting to do something about it since they would have to find new issues to rally around and get the population motivated to vote.
So basically people just decided not to apply their numeracy if they believed in the answer.
The same things apply for recruiting cult member. "educated" or "intelligent" people are more susceptible to cults and more difficult to free from the cults. People predesposed to think they are capable of learning or understanding some "secret higher understanding" of the world are more like to hold fast to that fake solution.
remind me of vsauce vid about reasoning.
This should be a required watch for high school
5:42 Someone help me : this table has no meaning whatsoever right now? I understand what "223 people skin improves with a cream" mean. I don't understand what "223 crime increased" means. Please explain it to me
International Charge for groundnews??  Is the USA economy so poor at the moment you couldn't keep the business in the USA for USA news?  Hmmm...  I unsubscribed faster than I subscribed after seeing that.  Wished I could get my money back in the USA.
People who want to flood the country with invaders are ideologically possessed.
I wonder how much of this effect is just regular confirmation bias and has nothing to do with political bias. Was that controlled for?
Perfect election-nite eve content!  😆😆
So people's prejudices impact their reasoning.
Wtf, I don't get it. Neither intuitive nor proportional reasoning are the correct way to look at it. You just compare the differences between the two groups. 223 - 107 = 116, and 75 - 21 = 54. So, 106 people improved thanks to the cream and 54 worsened because of it. Therefore, the cream, on average, improved results. When you swap the columns, you get 116 worsening and 54 improving, meaning the cream worsened results. 'Big number' and 'erm, actually percentages' are both stupid ways to look at it. How much change for the better occurred and how much change for the worse did? Am I missing something??? I feel like this was never explained in the video???
I don't belong to either party. I'm not voting. You forgot to account for something in your math. Politics is based around sensationalism, and sensationalism works great on the easily possessed mind. Your data is biased lol.
So they discovered that people rationalize their political bias, and smarter people are better at rationalizing.  Shocker.
*Democrats:* Both the Afghanistan War and the Iraq War were unjustified. *Republicans:* Both the Afghanistan War and the Iraq War were justified. *Sane people:* The Afghanistan War was justified (but botched) and the Iraq War was unjustified.
Numeracy is not an indicator of intelligence, and it's annoying how many IQ tests rely on numbers in their questions. The tests don't take into account dyscalculia, dyslexia, neurodivergence, cultural background etc.
Nothing earth-shattering, but still great that you put the issue of tribalism and self-delusion / rationalization, on the table at such a critical cross-roads junction in time. I'd like to add that it took kahan-es to do that 👏🏽
Interesting that with the gun control question people were not reasoning about the numbers but rather about their intuition of correlation/causation.  That being said if I saw a study that showed crime dramatically increased with less guns I would also start to question where these numbers came from or what other factors were at play
the fact that ONE party opened our borders and perverts our sovereignty is evidence enough to show me theyre not simply the opposition party, theyre now the enemy!
Very well written, as always!
I've never understood the focus on whether global warming is man-made or not.  Who cares if it's natural or not?  Even if it's natural, that doesn't mean that we shouldn't try to do something about it.  An asteroid hitting the planet would be natural too; shouldn't we do what we could to try to stop it?
6:30  I dont know if I agree based on your explanation. It seems like your explanation, to an extent, involves Simpsons Paradox.
A reason both parties tried to explain the math and justify their political affiliations vs. the skin cream example is because skin cream has clear control groups--where they know the only difference is the cream--so there are hardly any other factors at play. Therefore, parties justified their beliefs by claiming other factors because they feel those factors have a huge impact on the study. It's far easier to justify when you're both aware of and quick enough to find valid reasons to justify your preexisting beliefs. Smart people should be better at this. Therefore, it's far easier to justify and convince themselves with good reasoning and far harder to be convinced by other people who also have good reasoning for their contrary beliefs.
Listen ratio matters but so does sample size. Ironically given Rashes can improve over time I would need more info.
Kind of a clickbaity title. What exactly does this video have to do with "smarter people"?
best click bait ever
Even though It was a neutral video, I found myself instantly apprehensive as soon as "gun control" was mentioned. Which I think proves your point. loaded terms should be avoided in rational discussions.
What a stupid study. So many variables. Like, people has no idea and prior knowledge about effectiveness of new creams but they do have ideas and prior knowledge about gun control. You don't always judge data presented to you as if they exist in a void.  And seriously, basing everyting on just one study? Especially now when such studies have issues with reliability? Even if the study is right, I would not drive any conclusion from it untill further and deeper study and research is made.  And it is funny how this video talks about trusting data and facts when the data and facts in the study is fake and was designed to trick you. Trust data and facts presented to you huh? LOL.
9:31 Diego Ruzzarin Reference
She was scared to see that people on the other side are like her!?  WHY ARE YOU SCARED!?!?!?!?  What is so scary about knowing that others are no different than you!?
This will never happen with the amount of money being poured into disenfranchisement of the right.
When it comes to global warming, you can't say the (all) smart people are the problem. One side must be correct and the other side must be wrong, therefore the smart people, who are correct, can't be called the problem.
This just shows that no one knows how stats work
Being tribal is not rational. Following an instinct, a program against reason is the opposite of rational, even though it might've helped survive in the past. So did eating everything you could find, but now it will make you fat and unhealthy.
Hahaha "you can't just take people's guns away and say they're illegal" hahaha dude you totally can why not? we did that with so many things you don't care about, you just care about that one because someone told you have to... "it's kinda like drugs!" MWAHAHAHA YES! you got it, and what do we do with drugs? we take them away and say they're illegal... omg this political stupidity is getting me going! :D
Put another way:  So smart people do worse on poorly setup and worded questions?  Wow, what a shocker.
Except that not using buzzwords forces the other side to come up with new buzzwords. For example “politically correct” became “woke”. Literally every time one “issue” gets lost they just make up an entirely new “issue” with different verbiage.
Yeah, I believe this is just the peak of the iceberg...  For example, I believe smart people are more likely to make "fallacy fallacies" (as in, they use proxies such as someone making a logical fallacy to determine whether what that person said is correct, rather than evaluate it in some different way).  Overall, I find it rather disturbing how most smart people are so unaware of how their one mind can work against them, i.e. through rationalizations, selection biases, etc... Now, as long as you, personally, put enough effort into "fighting" against your mind occasionally, I believe this problem can be mostly contained, but mostly unfortunately, most people just select the most convenient logical argument to support their beliefs, rather than using some other approach (i.e. quantitative, or probabilistic, or strongly tied to well-understood first principles, etc...).
We must be conscious of our internal biases or nothing will change in this third world country in a gucci belt
The "i don't think the numbers mean anything to me" lady looks to me exactly like someone who would say that 🤣
Me, who always tries to be politically moderate: *gets it wrong* 🤔🤔🤔
I don't think the various measures cited , e.g., "numeracy score" really reflect the proper parameter.  Thinking.  I'm not talking about "outside the box", or any position relative to the box, but simply doing a proper rational exercise in thinking.  Doing so involves three key aspects.  1) Accessing and evaluating all relevant data. 2) Processing said data to reach a conclusion. 3) Being wiling to stand tall before the man to back up the conclusions you've reached.  IMHO, item 1 doesn't happen due to the "tribal" aspect cited. Many people don't even consider accepting data that is outside their "tribes" core principles as being possible/acceptable.  IMHO, item 2 is a lost cause. No one is taught how to actually evaluate data and reach a conclusion any more. The conclusion is taught first, and then maybe, data is provided to back it up.  #3? Seriously? When was the last time you saw anyone take responsibility for their actions? Sports excluded.  Or more to the point, in today's cancel culture,  when was the last time you saw someone survive speaking outside of their tribe's expressed terms?
Rash improved?  Or rash went away?  😅
OK, so the test is not the same between the skin cream and the gun control example. In the skin cream example, you can likely conclude that the propensity to select for a cream or not is likely independent(ish) of the effectiveness of the cream. In the case of gun control, that's likely not the case. Whether a city ops for gun control tells you a lot about the city and confounding variables that might influence the effectiveness of the measure, such as other programs the city might run that influence gun crime. This is why medical studies assign treatment groups at random, and why post hoc studies in the social sciences are so dicey. In the cream example, you have a priori reasons to think the effect of this bias will be small, but in the gun control example it definitely is not going to be small. The gun control example is exactly the kind of bad study from the social sciences that does post hoc analysis and shows a low p-value for a Chi Squared test and calls it a day. This is the reproducibility crisis in the social sciences in action!
Lies, damned lies, and statistics. People don't trust data if it contradicts their views about something they find important. They feel that way for good reason. Consider the recent story about a doctor that wouldn't publish the findings of a study that recorded no benefit to puberty blockers for the mental health of transgender kids. If data can be created/withheld with bias, then it will be consumed/discarded with bias.
I think this highlights why it is so important to have data shown as clearly as possible and how easy it is to use different ways of showing it to mislead or minimise its impact. Had the results been normalized (by showing them as percentages) I doubt it would have been so easy for people to misinterpret the results even when contradicting their existing beliefs.
If a society can't control power of guns, finally the problem doesn't lies in guns but in people who don't have responsability to manage their own life, because the bad guys ever have the possibility to use guns for bad things...
"Crime improved" vs "crime worsened" - the terms are too vague. Rate of crime? Severity of crime? Unique incidences of crime? Crimes committed with or without a weapon? My answer: There is not enough meaning in the parameters to formulate an answer based on the data, so fix your study and ask again later.  If the numbers had instead represented the "number of cities that saw an overall increase/decrease in crime", I'd know what you're on about.
The FBI quietly amended those numbers later. Their original numbers did not include LA or NYC
that "pragmatic" kid was a bit too involved in his how world to do basic arythmatic
Lol that transition at 09:44
I found it strange that the chi-squared test was not mentioned in this video, because those ratios might be inconclusive when the numbers are not large enough (statistically speaking). TL;DR I did the test, and the association is there at 4.7% type-I error, so Derek isn't wrong. However, let's take an example to illustrate my point: if we change only one number in the table at 0:55 to get 223 & 75 \\ 84 & 21, Derek's ratios will still suggest that the cream is making the rash worse (3x vs 4x), but suddenly there is a 28.5% error associated with that claim!
How many people weren't affected for the skin cream study?
1:21 guess it means im not one of the smarter people cause i went with the ratio and then secodnly with both giving improvements
That gave me a relief on why bunch of gererally intelligent people ingored/abandoned their rational thinking during bipolar 9:27 controversial topics. It might hint to the social behavior of tributing to their group on whatever the tribe (leader) stand for. Bless to the voters and their rational mind.
One variable missing is the source of the data. If the source is biased then the answers will be skewed. When researching data, people tend to seek sources that confirm their bias and ignore the ones that don't. For example, I remember one "report" from a lefty biased source that said school shootings were on the rise, but when you looked closely at the data, they were counting any type of shooting that occurred within a certain distance of a school. Some were suicides, some were nearby gang shootouts etc. They never disclosed that tidbit, which is dishonest because they know what people are thinking when they hear "school shooting". And this "report" became a source for those who were anti-2A.
Shame on you, Derek.  A. the timing of the release of this video B. the structure - presenting a problem that your average viewer will get right, providing ground for their ego to take root and then proceeding to create cognitive dissonance using appeal to authority C. the message - which tries to make it look like reality is skewed due to political beliefs, when people might just find your 2x2 table too simple to make any conclusions on a broader issue and don't want to be baited into making a verbal statement on camera that they disagree with, just to get a "good boy" compliment for getting your question right.  Even if this video was made with the purest of intentions, the content is easily the most disappointing among your releases in the past year.
My anwser to the rash question was "the cream made the rash better but it did not make it better as well as simply doing nothing"
Are the cream/gun results even statistically significant? I'd have to run the numbers, but on first glance I doubt it. If not, there would be only one correct answer: can't tell.
8:30 "The numbers are actually not real whatsoever" is so hilarious 🤣🤣
I don't accept the information presented in this video, as it contradicts my previously-held beliefs.   /s
ha, it does not include me because i dont have to abide by a with us or against us political system. checkmate muricans
I would change my beliefs in light of new facts. I know I would because I did. I used to say if Trump was elected I would leave the country. This time around I voted for him.
media propaganda 100% to blame.
Main problem is that the data is corrupt  And with the advancement with a.i. data will become less reliable
So if I found the correct answer in a few seconds, then I am the stupidest person on the planet?
Noooooo I m not dumb 😶
Why don't we have a tribe where you signal belonging by disinterested truth seeking and disagreement?
Then you get to trans issues and tribal hits just on that word
Makes perfect sense to me. If you do the same experiment with vax efficacy, the results will be exactly opposite.  Because when you're presented with such divisive partisan issue, you're brain goes into overdrive. And when that happens, you rely on simple memory map shortcuts as opposed to doing analysis.
While I immediately calculated the relative percentages and came to the "correct" answer, I questioned why the total numbers were so different (i.e. why didn't they evenly split the experimental and control groups?). If we assume the number of participants in each group are the same (a properly designed study), we get very different results. I kept expecting him to pop up that "gotcha."
If false equivalency was a video!
less than 2 mins in, how is the bigger number the intuitive answer, the proportional result is the intuitive answer... I 100% disagree with that assertion.
very good video, I consider myself "smarter" than the average person and I found myself wondering how smarter people do worse.... but when political dimension was added I understood the message
Great to know I am dumb smart.
What the woman said about looking at what the "other side" was saying and seeing they sound exactly the same is an experience I also have that when lurking over the side.   But it is also a matter of ideology: the other side may be claiming we are too stupid to even be alive as much as my side is, but - for example - they may also be claiming "Human Rights should not be universal", while I feel they must be. In that case there is no need for me to "interpret the data without bias". It is a matter of what kind of society do I want to support and be a part of.  I feel like these ideological preferences interfere often with problems that need solving, when they really shouldn't. What if we acknowledge a problem and explain why certain proposed solutions simply won't be accepted ideologically - instead of denying the problem exists completely? It seems that today we are in a situation where if one side names a problem, the other side will always deny it, simply because someone with a different ideology brought it up.
It is beyond frustrating to me every time I see issues being rooted within human nature.
It's so typical for a study based in America to think that the effectiveness of gun control is a debatable political party issue. Americans apparently have no clue how silly this question even if fictional is, when seen through the eyes of the rest of the western world. Ask yourself would this study work if the question was about global warming.  The equivalent would be something like: "Did the reduction in the use of Diesel trucks increase or decrease global warming in this city, give your answer based on these numbers I'm going to show you.   Most people asked such a question would laugh and look around to spot a hidden camera because they think they are being pranked. The ones remaining aren't as bright or are keen to find out if you are one of those flat earther's too, since you seem gullible.  I can only assume everyone realizes what a silly question that would be, well then now you know how silly this guncontrol question sounds.
I think people have lost faith in "studies" conducted, so much, they automatically suspect the study is biased and untrustworthy. Politics has made it's way into everything including academia. Veratasium has done videos on how much published research is wrong. There's a push to publish and get tenure and gatekeeping seems to be the function of peer approval. It's really a mess. Honesty and integrity don't seem to be as common as it used to be.
There has been soooo many outing of these behavioural studies recently that I honestly feel it is necessary this guy show some evidence that these studies actually happened.
Should have asked this question to medical students and doctors. This 2x2 table is an extremely common question on our board exams. It's very easy to calculate the PPV, NPV, Sp, Se, and etc. I think this table gave all of my medical student, resident, and doctor friends nightmares haha.
Confirmation, if proof was needed, the Dunning-Kruger effect is real. It's the old saying in real-time, "Facts don't care about your feelings".
Is it really about intelligence? clouding in peoples rational reasoning by personal bias don't really have anything to do with being smart or stupid. only thing i can think of to take out of this is that allowing your political beliefs to disturb your judgement makes you less smart in some degree. otherwise clickbait
Good video, garbage clickbait title.
I was originally spot on but flipped my answer because of the title of the video.
This video took a turn that I did not expect, and I am here for it
I would still say the cream is worth a shot because People only buy cream when doing nothing doesn't work
The borg assimilate
They use hot topics to get people all emotional. I would rather talk about how I’m going to afford food and gas.
There's a problem with experiment:  The skin cream outcomes are likely to be presented as coming from two analogous groups at similar times with similar environments. The gun control outcomes are likely to be reported from different groups at different times with different environments and causes.  A more correct reaction would be 'what are the issues smart people are intuiting with the question that causes the discrepancy and are they right?'  Confirmation bias isn't just the privilege of the masses.
I was told there would be smart people in this video.    I feel lied to
The title is misleading. Based on the graphs you showed, it's not that smarter people did worse, it's that smarter people did worse than they should've.
Yes but isn't the "numerancy" in this case also like the fact thatct 70% percieve themselves as beyond average drivers? That doesn't of course take away frome the version of political affiliatilons... But at least in my mind the professor of analytic geometry would rate his understanding of maths as a straight seven out of ten... because there is so much lore to learn... Take a highschool dropout ... does he know how much he doesn't know about maths?  And of course everything inbetween and beyond my two examples...
Interesting study. Have you considered that the data doesn't actually matter to a lot of people not because they want to keep their beliefs justified, but because they have ethical reasons for supporting something? For instance, a libertarian in favour of lax gun laws would cite his belief in the government's lack of a right to disarm the citizenry and not whether guns reduce gun crime or increase it.
It's always political buzz words, isn't it? That said, my takeaway is that I'm indeed more rational than the average person because I don't give a damn about fitting in with any "tribe". 😜 However, I will admit to there being a couple of issues, all of which being an aspect of bodily autonomy, on which I would always defend the literally liberal position on an essential human rights basis, even if unbiased data were ever to contradict me on what's better for society. Where I am objectively more rational on this as well, however, is that unlike many others, I don't hypocritically choose liberty on some of these and control on others.
“I’ve won… but at what cost?”
Got to the point at 2 mins in and saw a study was conducted on 1,000+ AMERICANs, stopped the video right there, I already knew where your sample size error occured
Hahahaha.... Sheep!
Maybe I missed it. How are you scoring the numeracy?
That reasoning, is as expected on this charlatan channel, wrong. Correct reasoning is, how much % of control group (without) got better and then count, how much people would be better in testing group, if that group would not use cream. So control group was consisted from 128 subjects and roughly 83,6% of them got better without cream. Testing group was consisted from 298 people so without cream it could be expected, that 249 people would get better. But in reality only 223 got better, so cream was not working at all and worsened situation.
Spectacular and clear research, and so timely. Tribal bias is such a controlling force. My favorite statistic on this comes from a survey about ecumenical beliefs in a summit between christian and buddhist monks and priests. The Monks found not one point of disagreement, the priests found not one point of agreement. I can't recall the survey details, it was in the 1980's or thereabouts.
Heh, yeah, I caught myself a few times trying to fit the data in my worldview when it doesn't actually fit. I reflect on that for a while, and noticed, that on certain topics I just "know" the conclusion, and try to explain data away to fit it in my worldview. I really hoped I better than that, but yes, we all are doing that. And that is really important to remember. The moment I accepted that we are all deeply irrational creatures (and that includes me, and the people around me), and there's higher order of rationality in being personally irrational, life became much easier.  But as society, we still should strive to be more rational. Because mass of people that driven solely by emotions (doesn't matter, love or hate, fear or courage) will make things exponentially worse.
This video went in such a different direction than I expected and I love it. Great video! Very thought-provoking.
“That is the intuitive answer.”  Uhhhh… No, it’s not. The intuitive answer is the one with the better ratio. You have to divide.
Hey Varitasium, the root problem is lack of critical thinking. Hope this helps!
It feels bad as an American to watch this and see people just dismiss information based on party line. I do remember in the past, it didn't seem like we despised the other side, didn't see them as people, accepted only things from our point of view and dismissed any ideas the other side has that might work for this or that particular situation. I don't know. I do get the frustration liberals have from their point of view of conservatives. And I do get the frustrations conservatives have from their point of view of liberals. A lot of it is valid. But still, we are all people. To step outside the left/right divide, I feel like we used to be a nation of doers, and regardless of what happens tomorrow, I feel like we've become a nation of complainers. And it stagnates our government as we fight with each other instead of not necessarily abandoning your principles but realize everyone wants what's best for America and come to a compromise and DO things. I don't know what to think our election tomorrow, I hope Americans get what we want. But when I look at Harris and Trump, the one thing I'm disappointed in is that Americans didn't really ask much of what either of them are actually going to DO for them before the election, they were too busy complaining and demonizing the other side and imagining their side doing stuff I've never seen any of the candidates articulate to the voters during the campaign. As a liberal, I prefer a Democratic President. Short of that I'll tolerate a Republican President. But I despise a DO NOTHING President, and I feel like Trump and Biden have been DO NOTHING Presidents and our country has paid a big price in the world. I just pray that Harris or Trump whoever wins actually does something for the American people. So many Americans and people around the world are suffering because America's no longer a nation of doers. If we can't do, pretty soon no one will want us leading anymore.
Democracy is dead. There has to be a better way to do it then what we are currently pretending works. Especially in the states where you guys literally only vote for two groups(because no one has the guts to vote for Vermin Supreme!). Back in Montreal, we had a partial vote and there was 91 candidates. Still, only 3-4 parties get 80% of the vote.  Democrazy I call it.
1:27 no skin cream
Instead of saying something about politics and gnu control I'll just ask a question. What's brown and sticky?  The answer is below...           A poo. 😐
How about having more than 2 "tribes" to choose from?  With bibartisan politics, you're only 1 party/1 option away from authoritarianism.  It's no coincidence that both sides in the US refer to the other as fascist/communist respectively - there are no other options for them to describe the extremes of the other party.  If you had 8 political parties representing 8 shades of the population, it would be much better equipped to represent the true will of the people.  If you only had the choice of 2 providers of a particular service, then that would be anti-competition, anti-free Market.. ..un-American....  And yet the illusion of a 2 party system being remotely democratic is allowed to persist and thrive....  We need to ask ourselves why this is.  Why are you consistently being made to choose between a turd sandwich and a giant douche?  (For those not old/too young to get the reference, look up the South Park election episode from 20 yeats ago. It's timeless political satire at its finest).
Excellent choice of topic for 11/4/2024.  I weigh high on the numeric literacy scale (MIT grad, for example).  I'm a biologist and I have love for the natural world that sometimes outweighs my love for humankind - my "tribalism" is qualified.  I'm very conservative, but not in a political context.  I believe we should move slowly, enjoy and value natural beauty wherever we find it, consume only what we need, and protect all that is valuable to us.  We've been given so much - let us preserve it!  That said, the scientific method is an excellent attempt to break through our personal and cultural preconceptions.  It is implicit in all of your videos, and I thank you for this.
soooooo many problems with the methods and conclusions on this.
Video title is inaccurate. This is a video about political bias. Thruought the video you pointed out that skin creams are as apolitical as it gets and the results show that the answer accuracy increased proportionally to numeracy. If you were to do this anywhere else but the United States the study would show way less political bias. Anyways the video is NOT about questions that smarter people are more likely to get wrong and it's extremely misleading.
It's not clear if to me if we're counting up every person or every person who saw a change. I'm used to seeing a third 'no effect' group.
The title should have been cognitive dissonance 101
This is why so much of modern social science is so messed up, you get a large contingent of professionals who start with the conclusion they already steadfastly believe and then design experiments specifically to cherrypick data that corroborates it while avoiding/ignoring anything that conflicts with it. It's like the concept of a hypothesis may as well not exist; your existing worldview being false is not an option because your only objective is to produce a result your ethos can point to and say "see look, the science is settled!" And they're handing out degrees that make them "credible experts" in a field completely overtaken by political zealotry. It's no longer about discovering objective truth but about forcing others to acknowledge your group's dogmatic precept as "science." It's a politically-weaponized academic circlejerk. You can see it on display for both parties in wacko fields like creationist science and gender theory. The politicization of science is incredibly dangerous to the progression of knowledge and will only continue to be so to an increasingly damaging extent if we do not change our education system to focus first and foremost on independent objective critical thinking at all levels.
0:49 Pausing so Ican try to solve for myself  223/75 = 3.1 Vs 107/21 = 5.09  Wait no uhh  223+75=298 107+21=128 298/75=3.97 128/21=6.09  298/4=74.5 128/6=21.33333 ... So does this mean 1 out of every 4 who ised the cream got worse rashes And those who didnt 1 out of every 6 would get worse rashes?  I hope I got that right even if i overcomplicated things
A huge win for epistemic nihilists.
ah you bastard letting me watch political video
This is why i respect scientists. They do their best to leave behind tribal knowledge and only observe data. Religion is all about tribal knowledge.
You have to consider that climate change, for instance, wasn’t a political issue in the US two decades ago, in fact there was bipartisan agreement about its existence, causes and consequences. It’s hard to keep track of moving goal posts.
Sneaky Derek tricked us into watching a video about political polarization. Well done.
Skin cream question: No placebo cream used; results inconclusive due to bad methodology.  Gun control question: Previous years' trends not analyzed; results inconclusive due to bad methodology.  In both cases: We are sorry to inform you that your studies did not pass peer review and will not be published. Please feel free to resubmit when better data is available.
10:24 "It makes you think about what we could get done if we didn't have that burden..." This my friend is WHY we have that burden and why any outside thought is viciously attacked by both sides.
4:58 terrible cliff notes
That looks rashional
Trump 2024!!! 🇺🇸
Figures don’t lie, but liars figure! Don’t believe every statistic at face value. Do your research.
I had this exact thought in the bath this morning... the timing of this video is eerie
Thinking you're Intelligent is the first sign that you're actually Stupid
"People's political preconceptions over-ride logic" Well who would have guessed
The dawn of social media and streaming services caused a lot of the division via extreme competition and echo chamber algorithms.  New organizations no longer cater to the whole American public. Each news channel caters to a specific subgroup of the American public. These news companies bend and distort the truth and stories to fit whatever their specific audience wants to hear. This is completely on purpose, and they know they're lying/distorting. They do it to make $ in the highly competitive environment of modern news. There are so many news channels, YouTube, social media, and streaming services that they only get your attention by providing information that reinforces your views. If the viewer is confronted by something opposing their worldview then they will stop watching their channel.  News organizations mostly went nefarious, or they went bankrupt. They KNOW they're lying and using charged rhetoric, but they still do it. They cannot provide news straight anymore but have to use qualifying language instead of just getting to the facts. I see this on Fox, MSNBC, NBC, CBS, ABC, News Max, CNN, etc. This isn't just normal bias everyone has but rather purposefully pushing narratives. There is a huge difference.  People also get hit by algorithm reinforcement. If you are right or left leaning on YouTube you will get stories leaning mostly left or right fed to you by the algorithm as time goes on. I can watch four or five videos on a certain topic then most my videos in my feed on YouTube will show me that same stuff even though I have a wide range of interests. I have to fight the algorithm feed by searching for topics I'm interested in but not appearing in my feed.  Unless a person consciously fights it then they will end up in an echo chamber with social media and now even most traditional media. Even older people off of social media who have been reading newspaper, x, y, or z have fallen prey to this.
The solution is very simple: Political parties are not tribes.  Nowhere outside the US does this "us vs them" mindset about parties exist. In general, parties are more seen like menu options in a restaurant. You select whatever one makes the most sense at a given election. Sure, for some people, the pizza will always win out over the salad, but nobody would accuse the salad lover of wanting to burn down the restaurant...
So as if the title wasn't misleading enough, the thumbnail is just criminal. "Knowing math doesn't help!" Meanwhile, the video goes on to explain how knowing math absolutely helps solve these questions.
If a guy wanted to have $ex easier with a more attractive girl, he would look to very leftists girls. They tend to be more attractive, but also more emotional and dumber.
The faux studies are not equal here. One exists in a vacuum, with little to no preconception or pre-existing knowledge available (does an undisclosed substance improve a rash or not). Whereas the other is a specific, and hotly researched topic which has been used as fuel for a political divide. There also is a right and a wrong answer here (as to which answer is right or wrong, is obviously debatable, but the answer exists nonetheless) and the faux study is faking this. Whereas with the cream, there is no right or wrong answer outside of the study itself.  The findings are still interesting, and the conclusions drawn in the video still valid. But the tests don't necessarily show an innate tribal desire to feel connected, or unwilling to challenge one's preexisting beliefs ... And more likely shows that the gun control debate has been popularized and polarized.
The point a lot of people here are missing, and even the author of this video has missed, is that numerological proficiency is not an indication of intelligence. It may be a factor, but is not, in and of itself, indicative. I present "Rain Man."
other country of the world watching at this be like 🤭
Curious is another buzzword people use to term themselves as reasonable and I do not think it is as helpful as you omagine
The people who only listen to "experts" are the same people who don't even know what a woman is! They're so wrapped up in the science that common sense goes right over their heads.
I immediately took issue with the first question: We accept that medications can have side effects all the time, so to me it still made it better. I also took a different math approach: If we treat the control group as a baseline, then we can subtract it from the group given the cream and see that 107 would have gotten better anyway without the cream, so the number that the cream actually helped was 223-107=116. We do the same on the number that was made worse 75-21=54. We can conclude then that for roughly every 2 people it made better, it made 1 worse so overall is more likely to help so this version lines up with the intuitive one.
5:48 to be fair to this guy (even though I disagree with his politics) I'm pretty sure he does think the numbers here suggest that stricter gun laws improve crime (or perhaps he assumed a cameraman shoving a random data table at people in line for a political rally would be adversarial), he's just trying to square it with his beliefs. in fact he doesn't even object to the notion that stricter gun laws can improve crime, he simply thinks that's irrelevant because to him gun control is an infringement on 'freedom'.
Imagine being American
Was anyone else bothered by the sample size differences?  I know it's not an absolute requirement, and every study or group is unique.  Still, to effectively relate the concept highlighted in this video, that part was distracting.
I think that guy who brought up non-gun crime had a point, though; if I saw real data that said generic "crime" increased in places where the number of guns was reduced, I'd definitely assume the reason it didn't specify "gun crime" was deliberately to mislead people into blaming a lack of guns for something entirely unaffected by the number of guns.
That's why we all speak in the same accent. To fit in.
Not a republican or democrat, but move to a Democrat city, right into the heart of it. Then move to a Republican city, right to the heart of it. One respects and responds to the accurate data coming out of their city, the other does not. One will be anesthetized and the other will be responsive. Which one will be which?
I think this is a big problem with information as a whole. On some levels we all just have to agree that electrons have a spin or the Sun is made of Hydrogen and Helium. The average person just has to agree to believe it cause they can't outright study it due to time, patience, or personal interests. I personally hate having to just believe everything I hear cause I can't disprove it otherwise.
Now do it with vaccine instead of creams and guns.
x=cosα,α∈[0:;π] � ℎ � � ∣ � + 1 − � 2 ∣ = 2 ( 2 � 2 − 1 ) ∣ � � � � + � � � � ∣ = 2 ( 2 � � � 2 � − 1 ) Then∣x+  1−x  2   ​  ∣=  2 ​  (2x  2  −1)∣cosα+sinα∣=  2 ​  (2cos  2  α−1) ∣ � 2 � � � ( � − � 4 ) ∣ = � 2 � � � ( 2 � )   � ∈ [ 0 ; � 4 ] ∪ [ 3 � 4 ; � ] ∣N  2 ​  cos(α−  4 π ​  )∣=N  2 ​  cos(2α) α∈[0;  4 π ​  ]∪[  4 3π ​  ;π] 1)  � ∈ [ 0 ; � 4 ] α∈[0;  4 π ​  ] � � � ( � − � 4 ) = � � � ( 2 � ) … cos(α−  4 π ​  )=cos(2α)… 2.  � ∈ [ 3 � 4 ; � ] α∈[  4 3π ​  ;π] − � � � ( � − � 4 ) = � � � ( 2 � ) … −cos(α−  4 π ​  )=cos(2α)
I agree that people rationalize their beliefs in the face of ambiguity, but the science used in this video is flawed. There are too many confounding factors for this to be used as a single point representation of rationalization. The core concept is sound in that ambiguity makes individuals rely on their biases rather than resolving the ambiguity, but the methodology  of collection leans towards confirmation bias for those involved.
Thanks you so much for this video. This is something that isn't articulated nearly enough these days. Just because you're smart, doesn't mean you're automatically right. Stay humble. Stay curious.
I'm curious on how the stats would change if we rated it against how social the people were; like the different between people with low or no friends against people that runs large groups
The american mind should be a case study
But Einstein got it right 😂
But correlation is not causation ? just because people get swept by emotions (about politics) and therefore even actually thinking about the numbers presented becomes a coinflip, dosnt mean numeracy hasnt any impact anymore? i dont see how the study deconstructs mere correlation here
This could have the largest impact yet out of all your videos
If you actually do look at patterns and data, it leads you to conclusions that you can't comment here on Youtube.
I got it right the first time and started to think I’m stupid 😂 and wondered if there’s hidden reasoning behind the question that I’m not aware of
Maybe something like mingling with the opposing party feigning to be one of them. I think it should help one learn to empathize.  Such a great moment to publish this video
Man you tricked me into thinking that there was a trick that the question was a trick trick question so I got it wrong.
There is nothing really new here, for both the political and personal bias in the answers as well as the views of each party.  Both sides generally want the same outcomes, but how we get there is where alot of the divide takes place.  I would never allow anyone or anything to take control of my life without a way of undoing that choice.  People cannot be trusted and governments are run by people.
Hot takes here, maybe we need to look in another pov, what if there isnt correlation between gun legislation and crimes rate? We need another variable to answer these issues, tho...
Always make sure to analize things rationally rather than telling yourself that you do.
In my opinion there is a very big flaw in this experiment. because it is not clear to me: did you disclose beforehand that those number are fictional? because if not, "more intelligent" people are vary of the saying "dont trust a statistic that you didnt forge yourself". In highly politicized topic one can never be sure how that statistics came to be because over and over and over again you find out, that the outcome is nudged in some kind of way to represent certain agendas. Therefore the skepticism feels justified - because more often than not you get proofed right in justifying the "wrong" answer as right.  If however you disclosed beforehand, that those number are fictional, then i would be surprised by the outcome - but i would agree with that.
I think an important point is being missed:  judging an ideology as "right" or "wrong" solely based on certain numeric outcomes can miss critical moral or ethical distinctions. Sometimes, an ideology remains 'right' by its own standards, even if it leads to outcomes that appear "worse" by purely material or numerical metrics.  For instance, imagine it were proven beyond any doubt that randomly enslaving 1% of the population at birth would lead to a 50% improvement in the economic conditions of everyone else. Most of us would still agree that no amount of economic benefit could justify the immorality of slavery. While that's an extreme example, these value conflicts surface in numerous ways in society.  For those who value individual freedom, any scenario involving guaranteed safety or improvement for a group at the cost of severe restrictions on individual liberty is ethically unacceptable. Some argue that personal privacy should be protected even if sacrificing it could lead to greater public safety.  Meanwhile, proponents of more collectivist or utilitarian ideologies might argue that sacrificing individual rights for the collective good can be justified under certain conditions.  These examples highlight that an ideology's values—such as freedom, equality, or the common good—often extend logically and reasonably beyond what outcomes or numbers alone can convey. It’s a reminder that metrics and data, while important, are often manipulated to fit pre-existing ideological frameworks. The underlying values, rather than just the numbers, ultimately shape what any group considers acceptable or "right." Recognizing this is crucial if we are to have an honest discussion about the true reasons behind ideological divides.
That’s the importance to blind labels when doing analysis
People's reasoning is compromised by their biases? SHOCKED!
I really appreciate this video. I've been feeling a lot of anxiety today about this election and thinking about a lot of the things you shared in this video. It's strange that it can feel physically painful to confront our own uncertainty about reality and face our own biases, and I think this could be a big reason why so many people relax into echo chambers. I really loved your point that tribal behavior is highly rational. I think the polarization of ideologies is one of the biggest threats we're facing today, and this video feels like a small step towards healing that divide.   I usually distrust sponsored content, but I'm going to check out Ground News. I currently use AllSides and have really found it refreshing to see how different news sites present the same story, and I feel like it's given me a more grounded perspective. I'm gonna look into Ground more as well as I believe in their vision. You said that this is an organization that you specifically reached out to to sponsor this video. Do you personally use this service? I'm a little hesitant to sign up for an annual subscription, but I would be willing to consider use it alongside AllSides if you have personally found it useful.
this really has nothing to do with "intelligence" its just an example of how bias can affect the interpretation of numerical data
A very thoughtful and timely submission. Thank you for all your hard work. From Brisbane
You end up with a 171.26% of your rash worsening when you are one of these people who used the cream.  What that means is that either the cream is the problem, or some other cofactor with people who made that decision is the problem, or some combination of both.
People use this kind of study to argue against democracy. I say it actually shows that democracy needs to be scoped small, at the local level, and that people who aren't actually affected by the issues that you are trying to deal with shouldn't have any say on what your solution is. Well, that, and we need to foster a culture of solidarity and open-mindedness, rather than tribal infighting. But the government is not keen on either of these conclusions–it wants to be big and powerful, so it'd prefer to take away our ability to vote than it would to fix the underlying problem. Which is why the electoral college exists, btw.
Ground news sounds amazing but I just can't bring myself to pay a monthly subscription for a news website. I love the concept though and I hope they are successful
I hesitate to call this behavior obviously "irrational" - if you actually already know the answer from prior learning, is there really a reason to redo the work from scratch?  The issue becomes, rather, mis- and disinformation: people being convinced of the wrong answer.  That's why we need a good education system: to ensure people catch incorrect information early, so the "familiarity effect" (see other video) works to your benefit. That's not necessarily closed-minded; it's healthy skepticism in an environment that wants only to influence you, sometimes to your detriment.
Another great one
Bounded rationality
Never had a tribe, most open minded about politics
He keeps using the word "intuitive". For who? I'm no einstien, but I sure as hell haven't forgotten 3rd grade math.  Has the bar really fallen this low?
Dont even have to watch to know Dems are wrong.
Regardless of whether gun control works (spoiler alert: it doesn’t), it is unconstitutional no matter how you paint it.
Yeah, but then how do you coexist with vile racists lmao
Paused at 0:50 and checking to see how I do on this question. My thought after thinking for two seconds is that the cream made it worse. With the cream, about a third of people got a worse rash, and without it, a fifth. Obviously two thirds and four fifths respectively got it better. Let's see how I do.  At 1:50 now, and yeah. ... Wait... Am I not smart? Oh crud...
Yea, the aliens would rather eat us than teach us. We need to get better!
So people engage critical thinking only when it's beneficial for their political views. Not very surprising.
I got the cream question right and wish I'd had the opportunity to see if i would have also got the gun control question right.
I wonder what effect, if any, my Myers-Briggs ENTP personality has on tribal thinking. ENTP is “The Debater” who will often casually argue just for sport, even if they completely agree with their opponent.   I am going to make it hard but I find it exciting when someone shows me I’m wrong about something. It’s like a whole new world opens up for me.   I wonder if that’s how I delude myself into thinking I’m more open minded than others 😂😂
Thanks for bringing some rational thinking to the mess that politics now is
1:31 this was my answer from the beginning, does that mean i'm dumb?
I have have been thinking for a while: "The problem with being smart is that it doesn't make you right, it just makes you better able to use reason to convince yourself you are."
I wish this video came out sooner honestly. Rationality is a tested process that is attacked frequently with this type of tribe mentality. Well done as always
Here's another question that smart Americans get wrong: how do you pronounce "processes"? The higher level diploma you have, the less likely you are to get it right.
I don't understand the question. Are these numbers crimes per 100,000 people, or percentages, or just numbers? Without indication it means nothing.
This test was done purely on politically involved people tho...
Skincare: Chi squared is 3.18 with p-value of 0.074. Failed to reject null @ 0.05 significance. 😢😢😢
This is not surprising
That's a long winded way of describing the scientific method and biases.
Are they recognizing or assuming?
So many assumptions, it's an almost worthless study.  Like your ignorance on how preferential voting works from a previous video, you used to be great Veritasium.  Make Veritasium great again.
I paused the video and broke out a calculator when the data was first shown. Is that allowed?
Amazing video. The only criticism I have is that unfortunately due to this tribal behavior the “science” is often warped for each side, especially when power and money is involved. So both sides try to find studies that affirm their viewpoints.
Congratulations, you discovered 'midwits'. Meme lords have know this for ages.  Please review your graphs again and pay attention to the middle of the graph versus the edges. You are erroneously fitting the data into your desired outcome of a linear correlation where in fact there is a reverse bellcurve.
What does need politics. Remove qualificative titles from politics parties names Instead of vote for a person, the parties should gave ideas and ways of working for individual or small group of issues. and people vote for that, Instead of go to the church go to a place to learn and share politic opinions and community issues.
11:40 someone being misinformed is much harder to combat than someone that's uninformed. Once they've learned the talking points to stop themselves from being challenged it's over
Welp, it seems this video is not made for anyone outside the us. Pretty cool tho.
4:50 Crime Pays But Botany Doesn’t  GFY
I do hold my political beliefs tight, but numerical facts, logic, and data come first for me, regardless of my opinion.
I have a different hypothesis: intellectual individuals have a harder time trusting opposing data to their believes because of a strong prior on such topics. It takes times to build those prior believes so it will take the same/more time to change them.
Hold on. HOLD ON.  The two examples are NOT the same. In one people are assigned into two experimental groups. In another cities are split into two groups based on their *pre-existing decision* on gun legislation.  These are two FUNDAMENTALLY different sampling processes. The city example would be like taking a group of people and splitting them by skin cream usage. Whether or not they used cream would clearly be related to the nature of their rash so you would not be able to reason reliably from that kind of skin cream data. Perhaps the cream users rashes got worse because they had worse rashes to begin with! The high intelligence people on both sides of the political divide are actually correct - the city example is essentially meaningless without an understanding of how the decision to enact gun control policy came about.
The reason why accepting the group belief as your own belief is not rational is because it is a unconscious factor which plays of off fear and other worries and insecurities. It does not enter into the equation when people think, it just pushes people in that direction like an invisible force, that's how the unconscious works when left to its own devices like that.   It is logical as a decision to accept the group belief with survival as the primary goal in mind, but it's not a given either. You could think of hypotheticals where not telling the actual truth of the situation to the group, puts the entire group in danger long term, but secures your place in it short term, like with the discovery of something threatening which people wouldn't believe you on. So you could then also say that this level of decision making is more primal/instinctive, since it deals with survival. Maybe not so coincidentally, the subconscious governs instincts, worth noting.
Don't think the two studies are similar to be honest. From the first you can assume there's a direct correlation between the skin cream and the rash either getting better or worse however the second can have multiple factors at play and they are not directly correlated.
Yeah whatever conclusions this study reaches just reinforcement of the initiating bias.
The skin cream example is (intended as) a controlled experiment with a single independent variable. While many other factors may contribute or detract from it's effect, the majority of people won't consider them. If the experiment was designed and executed perfectly, with 500 clones all raised and kept under the same circumstances for their preceding lives and the duration of the study, they wouldn't have to. To expect the same logic to apply to data that the layman understands has confounding and unaccountable variables is pompous. To think that accredited professionals have better control over their experiments than policy has over actions in our chaotic world is downright reasonable.
10:34 coming together is good but moving towards the right is not an option anymore when we have a far right fascist party and a center right neo liberal party.
My conclusion at 0:54 is that the skin cream made the rash worse overall. If 107 rashes improved without cream, then only 116 rashes could be said to have been improved because of the cream. Similarly, 21 rashes worsened without cream, so 54 rashes could be said to have worsened with the cream, which is more than twice as many as if there had been no intervention. I interpret this to mean the negative effect of the cream is greater than the positive effect. Now to learn the actual answer and why.
Was so distracted by all the noise of this video. Commercials programmed into the first chart presented.  Then when you switched to politics and guns using the same data/charts I stopped the video and now going to delete your channel from my favorites list and Twitter.  Quite sure this does not matter to you as even positive comments are received like winning the lottery.
more of this game top dog
So politics makes people stupid. I think I already knew that. lol
Define "smart"
For the most part, we make judgments based on intuition and then use reason to craft post-hoc explanations.  The smarter a person is, the better they tend to be at post-hoc rationalization but not necessarily at reasoning impartially toward a conclusion.  The problem is less pronounced when we don't have a strong intuitive investment in the outcome (e.g. whether a skin cream works).
I don't think this survey is completely spotless. For example, in the second cream example I assumed that 2 groups are equal in size, let's say 1000 people. This means that with the cream rash worsened for 22.3% and improved for 7.5%, which is actually worse than 10.7% worsening and 2.1% improvement without the cream. For the gun control, IMO it is not wrong to have presumptions. For example, if I saw 10 research papers that claim that gun control is beneficial and I see this table - my first assumption will be that I am misunderstanding something rather than that these 10 researches were wrong. Similarly, if I saw a math paper that claims 2+2=5 - i would assume that + symbol was redefined, 2-s are not numbers but some kind of classes, non-decimal numeral system, etc, and it doesn't mean I don't know how much 2+2 is.
The Kunning Drueger effect
This is a pretty misleading video. Feels like it exists just to generate clicks
"In this test stupid people perform better, that's why I asked my friend Wylie to survey American people"  Uncle Sam is proud of you, son.
The graphed responses are not "the same" at all, especially in the gun control flipped political expectation graph. These differences are everything when it comes to politics as almost every political election is decided by a very small margin. This example is making macro decisions instead of nuanced examination.
Adam Savage: "I Reject Your Reality and Substitute My Own"
Crime improved? So, you got better criminals, or people felt the crimes committed against them were better than the crimes used to be?
Fictional story here:   A person was found deceased in the street, and officers rounded up all the people in the area for questioning  Newspaper comes out headline saying, the mayor was arrested in connection of the murder.  He might be one of those rounded up because he was in the area, but his Alibi check out  But that won't help him. as long as we don't fix the media, this problem is never going away.
The world is VERY complicated and our brains have become very good at taking shortcuts to save energy. Your point about tribal thinking makes a lot of sense. It would be very useful to crowd-source axioms and spend that precious mental energy on other things.   Never thought about it that way but it seems inevitable for tribal thinking to strongly evolve within societies.
The way I thought about the cream question was "out of all the people in both groups, what percent got worse?" In the group with the cream, 25% got worse but in the control group, only 16% got worse. Kind of surprised that's not the intuitive way to think about it, I guess I'm an overthinker haha
Nowadays the data presented are half-truths and don't account for the deeper meaning. For example, whenever you hear that inflation is going down, that's not true. What's really happening is the RATE of inflation is slowing down from, let's say, 5% to 3% (which only occured after the rate went way up first). There's still inflation and prices are still going up, but they are not increasing as rapidly. In no way is it going down. That's what they want you to believe. That's why I don't take data and stastics at face value. There will always be someone who puts a spin on the numbers to fit their narrative.
jung spoke about this is 1921... feeling is a rational function as well.
Nice, now I can show the papers to my friends before I start any debate. 😂 10:00
What I find frustrating about this is how few people questioned the source of the information and the specifics of the studies. My first thought on the skim cream was, how there wasn't a total number of participants given from the start for each group. You were never given enough information from the start to come to a "rational" conclusion. Furthmore what confuses me is how they transpose the information to discuss gun control. Group of people with guns that commit crime, group with guns that doesn't, group without guns that commit crime, group without that doesn't? Simply put, both questions arent giving you enough information to make any sort of educated conclusion. Which I realize is the whole point of this, but its irritating to see how many people just make a decision on what they think it says, regardless.
Isn't the table different in person (3:02) vs in the animation (1:32)? The numbers are displayed in the same order in both but the rash improved/worsened column titles are flipped.  Edit: nvm it was addressed lol
Topical video, but maybe it would have been more beneficial about a month ago before people started finalizing their decisions and casting their ballots. Sure, I realize the number of people who would actually reflect on their decision and possibly switch are few and far between, but they're the ones who make up the margins in elections.
Ugh. Pure propaganda sales.  Find the need, fill the need, make the sale (must watch the whole vid).  The tribal part of this vid is demonstrated within the hghly progressive views of the subscription pool.  Btw,  I am not part of a tribe, partly because I research the stimulus of tribe non-conformisms.  When a tribe member begins their (echo chamber) rhetoric, I point out discrepencies. Fun at (tribal) parties, right ? Lol.  A real know-it-all. I'm fine with the arrangement as someone should be available to recommend not walking off the cliff. To do so, I gotta stay around the cliff.  So, if you don't like people akin to me, just keep walking.  PS, critical thinking skills provided to me at the youngest of age by a tribe of rocket scientists.  Thanks, Walter D.
one word SORCERY
As a highly educated person, I claim that both studies support my beliefs 😂
Feels off. There's a BIG difference between when I do research _myself_ that contradicts my beliefs vs when _someone else_ does research and goes out of their way to reach me and show it to me. If _someone else_ who I don't know presented me a research that contradicted my beliefs, I wouldn't even consider it tbh.  They need to *prove* me that they have no incentive lying to me but _do_ have incentive telling me the truth, then I would consider the numbers. How would they prove that? I don't care, that's their problem. They're the one who want to convince me of something and so that's on them to prove their integrity first.
what if you think both sides are equally bad lol
As an informed exterior observer I can tell that issues with the reception of scientific data and the representation of truth in the US go way beyond 'politics make us biased let's take a step back'. To the american layperson, factual truth has been abused by american administrations since Vietnam from what I have observed, and this issue has been let to fester and entertained from time to time by systemic lying and manipulation.
So it seems like "if the evidence is against us... Too bad for the evidence" is not something reserved for conspiracy theorists, but pretty fundamental paradigm of our mind.
So nebulous questions results in people filling in the gaps. When smart people can't fill in the gaps, they make assumptions.   It is easy to argue that proportionality is not the only way to answer, so "correct" could be wrong especially without specifics.
What you can really take away from this is how quickly people will accept any (factual or not) data put forward that coincides with their beliefs.  This is why it's so easy for the media/social media to 'bend' the truth or put forth a narrative and grow their following.
How do you include something in a report if it never happened?
The cream question was a trick, in the sense that it was not made clear that the total test subjects for the test and control groups were not equal in size. If there was a Total column, I think many more people would have gone to a proportion analysis rather than absolute numbers. How information is presented is just as important as the basic data itself. This exercise had nothing to do with mathematics but of psychology.
Me using math to find the numbers before getting the correct answer... "I'M AN IMBECILE"
This is a comparison between apples and oranges.  Determining if a skin cream as successful is a description about what-is.  The benefit is also one dimensional.  But politics or even a single political issue is multi-dimensional including not only quantitative benefits of one policy over another but also of values.  It is also about not only what-is but also what should-be.  I would not want to live in a state who has one answer that only lines up with a logical conclusion resulting in a single benefit.  There lies a place of slavery to the lowest common denominator.
Ere the samples in xpmnt group and control group the same? One has ~double improvement but ~triple worsening
What struck me the most about about listening to people defend their answer to the gun control version of the question was that they were not engaging with the numbers at all. All of the arguments they made were about whether it would 'make sense' for gun control to work/not work. Numeracy doesn't matter if you're not looking at the numbers.  This is actually the biggest problem I have with my students. Not in terms of political bias but they way they don't engage with the facts presented in a problem and instead reason based on what they would like to be true. It's incredibly frustrating to deal with.
The smarter ones can do better mental gymnastics to defend their world view
@2:24 how do you figure out someone's numeracy score? Isn't that essential?
looking at a fictional set of numbers being told its fictional and then being like "well I would have to look into more of the facts" is crazy. There are no more facts its a made up graph
My main take away from this video is the the biggest threat to society currently is the manufactured social division being pushed via the "culture war". Most people would not be so polarised on these issues(both for and against )if they hadn't been manipulated so much.
So smart people don't change their mind when someone shows them a single study?  That's the smart thing to do.
How do you get the peoples numeracy score? That's an important question
The other way to look at this is you cannot convince others with data alone, no matter how smart your target is.   Great video as always, I learned a lot, thanks
Great video. The results are kind of comical, humbling, and troubling all at the same time. Bias is a real thing. And apparently we all can learn a little by being curious.
Idk about anything as long as there’s numbers that I don’t understand I’ll check the percentages because I know I’m dumb and I can’t trust my intuition
I guess it makes sense why I take views from both sides; I have no friends so I don't have to mirror their views 🥲
I would like to think I’m smart but I got it right
Have to disagree though. Knowing math definitely does help
You made it look like an equal # of participants in the rashes study at the beginning. But then the #'s showed otherwise.
Great. First the video on how democratic elections are impossible. Now this, saying that that's a good thing, as most people are morons.  When I lived in Germany 20 years ago, at a party someone approached me and asked, "How does it feel living in a country with higher infant mortality rates than Cuba?" I was shocked, but later I looked it up--they were right, back then (maybe still true?), it was better to give birth in Cuba (at least from an infant mortality rate POV) than the United States.  Back to the point: the math here is so intuitively obvious that I'm not sure how people with high "numeracy" scores--whatever that really means--get this wrong. For God's sake; 75 times 3 is 225, close enough; 21 times 5 is 105, close enough again. The cream makes things worse, since you're 5/3 x more likely (rough math, but directionally correct, as 84% vs 75% is 1.12; use the actual numbers and you'll get 1.11, not 1.67) to do better without the cream.  I get it--as an engineer, scientist and finance person, I deal in facts, not political crap. Show me a study that says gun control doesn't work, and I'll go buy a gun.
Smart doesn't always equal correct, and incorrect does not always equal stupid.
Filmed at U of Arizona! Beautiful campus.
for this reason we should think in terms of A and B'😁😂
Great topic and presentation
Vote TRUMP don't be like you haven't had a real education.
This is fascinating, but aren't you a bit worried that this is one of those studies that doesn't replicate? ...
I got the first question correct, I immediately thought of ratio
How many saw through the poorly drawn up gun control graph?  Crime improved vs Crime worsened? The word choice here is not at all clear. Hundreds of cities in a gun control study? That would have been in the news so either the data is corrupted or completely fabricated
Isn't the whole gun question sort of flawed in that if I was in that situation, I am already aware that the US is the only country wtih the level of gun violence and abundance of guns and have seen data surrounding that, so what are four meaningless numbers in a grid with no methodology going to do to sway my opinion? The numbers provided quite literally don't mean anything and there isn't a lot to try and interpret so naturally people fall back on information they were previously aware of. My initial reaction would be to scrutinise the numbers and figure out the methodology of how they got them before determining whether or not to dismiss it as junk or change my views. All this really shows is that people, consciously or unconsciously, recognise the graph doesn't mean anything and move towards debating their corner instead.
The political one makes njbsense since it's either truth or lie. Makes the study absurd towards truth... voodoo psychology over America is sick and rife with crime. Meh
hmm… It challenges someone’s belief, what would people expect from the result? People cannot deny or accept their fallacy as it has already formed part of their identity of themselves…  It is just peculiar to use novel term to repackage something sociologist has concluded years ago into novel mathematical science.   Nonetheless and satirically, the numercy proponent will obtain high recognition of the academia one day.
I like how Derek is training some followers to ask public questions, just like he started off on YouTube.
This is so sad.
wait, are most people not constantly self-verifying their train of thought?
I think perhaps one issue with something like a fictitious gun control or crime study is that some people will have been following already-existing real-life data on such issues. While this doesn't excuse a mis-reading of data presented, a single fake study (actually fake) won't necessarily shake people from things they have studied elsewhere. People are more likely to have looked at data on something like crime over a specific fake skin cream. So with the skin cream, the ONLY information they'll have is the faked data. On other issues, they have a mix of life experience and study of information (which may or may not be accurate) that is influencing their reading of the data.
proudly non-partisan since I was a teenager. Figured out long ago that most people do what they believe is right, and facts never care about your feelings
i think a more comparable question would be if you had given the same question but for all skin care instead of some random unkown one and whether it softened your skin. I may be able to numerically reason that it doesn't soften skin, but I would immediately think that this study is flawed or just wrong. Because we have context and know things, we don't anything about single unkown cream.
Acknowledging that reality is not made by 2 sides would be a better first step.  Also... The woman that about the cream and skin rush told is pointless if we don't what kind of rush and cream we are talking about was the only clever comment out there. Statistics without full context are meaningless.
They respond poorly to the question because they are acting on the pre-existing ideas they held in the past, not on the research being presented to them in the moment. It takes time to process accepting new contradictory information, you can't expect much from a surface level interaction.  Saying people do things just to be part of a group is slander I'm quite tired of. Its like if a judge just presumed both the plaintiff and defendant were wrong, without even checking the case. Sir this is a democracy, we're supposed lead the country towards right course of action.
The study is silly in the first place because it relies on false data about a topic that people already have a multi-variate understanding of.
There is no correlation between the question about the cream and the one about the crime. The first is about a fact regarding oneself, which is quantifiable with a high degree of certainty. The second is about a perception with many variables. If the question were about purchasing power, then there would be a correlation, and they could be compared.
I'm curious how a less polarizing answer option would affect this data. For example, a differently arranged question which would allow a varying agreement. Eg. Some things I would answer probably, but idk....so a 3 of 5 agree.
I don't believe this study. It reeks of data manipulation. Sorry, don't buy it.
It's almost like people on both sides biased. Shocker!
Nah tribes are good!! GO TEAM!!!!
I learned this (or similar) decades ago as a form of "intelligence trap".  People tend to come to the conclusion they want, then use their mental faculties to defend that position.  It's a bastardization of intelligence.  It shows how intelligence can be used in the wrong way.  Smart people will dig themselves into a deeper hole than average people simply because they can.
Suddenly, US politics u_u
Man, this is the midwit meme in an actual study.
<3
i didnt look at the relationship between the improved versus worsened numbers, i looked at cream vs no cream, cus i saw that the amount of people whose rash improved doubled while the number of people whose rash worsened to like quadruple.
One approach towards a solution is to cultivate a feeling of elation when being confronted with data contrary to previously held beliefs. Rewiring one’s own subconscious to produce happiness when encountering cognitive dissonance which classically produces stress helps clear the analytical process.
I know it's not the point of the video, but my first though was the initial question with cream wasn't answerable because it's not well controlled. How am I supposed to know if the cream helps if the control is no cream instead of a placebo? Never would have passed peer review
What I understand with each modern day political side only wants 2 things. Freedom for themselves, and safety from the others.   Which each Freedom can be conflicted the opposite safety, safety can be conflicted the opposite freedom, freedom can be conflicted the opposite freedom, and safety can be conflicted the opposite safety.  The problem right now is each person believes that their entitled for both, while the other deserves none.  How would someone go by able to have everyone equal freedom and equal safety, regardless who they are?
Is it just me, or were the graphs laid out in a confusing way? Trying to read the data made it harder than just listening to my confirmation bias. Vermin supreme 4 prez.
Þe striking þing þat I feel may be missed here is þat it seems þat people are told clearly þat þese questions are hypoþetical, from made up data
Training in Methods of rationality by Less Wrong. Its shown this gap in my thinking and pushes me to seriously consider my why.
What must not be, that cannot be.
I'm not sure if correlation equals causation in this case. This just seems like a roundabout way to say people find evidence to support their existing beliefs. Smarter people are just better at doing that
This episode makes me think of the book “Thinking Fast and Slow,” by Daniel Kahnemann, specifically when discussing how we come to believe things for reasons other than a sober, rational consideration of the facts.  It’s a bit trite to say, but smart people can be easy to fool precisely because they are smart - they are able to come up with better justifications for the things they came to believe for e.g. tribal reasons.
This is BS because this is a very simple ratios question.    The ratio of upper left / upper right  vs  lower left / lower right is the only thing needed.   This is freshman high school math (or middle school in my case or elementary school for my brother).  Anyone getting it wrong can not do arithmetic  AT ALL.
Finally proof that if the issue is sensitive people can be shown the same information and believe different things. Now the question is, what do we do with that? No one changed their minds with the fake data, why would they act differently if they were shown real data?
Conservatives do not believe that gun control increases crime. That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. I stopped this video at that moment. Gun control is about infringing upon rights, not about crime. Crime as been decreasing in the US for years. That very assumption biases the study and makes it invalid.
Human Tribe Represent \m/
The use of the click bait image before I watch. Each side can be taken two different t ways it's not exactly clear. Technically it's a noun describing something happening in application. Rash worsening... is it's it the rash that is worsening, or is it the personal implicit meaning the topological cream worsens the rash so it's more rash everywhere... but if the rash itself is worsening that personal rash idealmis the rash is smaller.. the same.goes for the other question, thus asking what exactly people mean would be a Liam Nielson thing... technically the details are better rather than the board. Like cream applied to rashes has  x rate of aiding in removal of rash.. clear.
The questions are not equal. The problem is whether the questions exist in a vacuum or not. We have no prior knowledge of the skin cream and do not expect any bias. The gun control question has already been researched by both sides with their particular biases. So this just becomes one more study in a sea where bias is rampant. If it contradicts what you already 'know', then you are going to question the study, the sources, the funding, etc. You expect the study to be biased.
smart people don't need a youtube video to vindicate that they are smart.  they are too busy for that.
So instead of gun control and climate change we should use gun change and climate control?
I don't understand any of this, but I'm getting 35-55 % ROI on my socket market picks. Go figure. 🤔
I like how this video is done respecting both conservative and liberal points of view. Good job!
The internet has turned us in a global nation, we are just catching up.
American politics makes smart people dumb
The difference in distribution curves at 7:39 is interesting.  Why is the low numeracy error group more tightly concentrated, with less variance?  Does this further support the position that logic and reasoning are separate from tribalism?
I'm sure I do this as well, but I've always been a devil's advocate, even against myself. I've had numerous times where I was involved in a group of respectable people that were all telling me I was wrong, but I stood my ground, and later they found out I was correct. I've never been much for trying to fit in. I want to understand a problem. If I'm wrong, I'll own up to it and learn something. Having a good respectful argument is a great way to learn why you're wrong or to prove someone else wrong. Either way, someone is going to learn something.
So the smarter the person the more difficult to accept that they are wrong or biased about something they believe to be true. I guess ego makes for a bad advisor.
In many of the cases shown in the video, there was a clear right answer and wrong answer.  Conditioning on political beliefs just shows that conservatives tend toward the wrong answers if the language used is political for them.  Conservatives were "polarized" from the right answer.  The sad fact is that there shouldn't be anything political at all about data driven science, like climate change.
This video has reinforced my authoritarian beliefs.
I'd link the study if YouTube allowed it, but it turns out that Critical Thinking skills only loosely correlate with intelligence or schooling. This is because Critical Thinking skills are learned, not inherent, and schools are BAD at teaching it.  The most fundamental basis of Critical Thinking is the ability to approach a problem without preconceived notions, and learning to do this in the real world is a matter of building a habit so that you are always prepared to accept new data, rather than fall back on existing knowledge. Without that, people try to make the world fit into their preexisting framework (see: cognitive dissonance, confirmation bias, etc.)  Point being, this is an education issue more than anything else.
Got clickbaited into a political psychology video  :/
The ultimate solution to political bias is to understand that your own politicians don't actually care about you whatsoever, outside of the vote you can cast them.
even just looking at the numbers it didn’t feel right
I have always said this just from being surrounded by political debates. Often the day to day person is not swayed by statistics unless it confirms a bias. This is, in my opinion, having to do with the community that they have around them because like you said you can open yourself to be kicked out of the group and genuinely some people feel they have no where else to go. I have frequently seen anecdotal experience sway people’s opinions more than confirmed stats. It’s very interesting how we work as a collective.
Clearly, the answer is to disband all political parties. Now...who's with me and who's against me?
The FBI stats were adjusted. Crime went up more than 4%, not down. The crime victimization survey is always more accurate, and show a massive increase. The FBI stats are still inherently flawed since roughly 1/3 of law enforcement never provided their data, and they are mostly huge cities with the most crime. Yet, here you are spreading misinformation to literally millions of people once again.  Wow.   I can tell you are on the left. lol I am politically homeless, and always have been due to all the lies. The past 16 years have been inundated with left leaning lies. Prior to that we were inundated with right leaning lies.  Give up your political parties. They are making you all $tup!d.
My question is how independents would do in the same study. There is no uniform "Independent" ideology. They vary so much that I don't think the data would be in line with how it would be among liberals and conservatives.
Like this comment if you go to the UofA! Bear Down!
3:03 MAGA fan girl
I think that what the test misses is prior knowledge of a subject. In the examples, people could be found to be more or less knowledgeable about the same level when it comes to skin care cream (with obvious exceptions). When it comes to gun control then those who fear to be affected by it would probably go out to seek to know more about the subject than those who don't really care about it. So, when the people who fear loosing their rights see the graph, they might tend to consider many other factors than what is shown. This happens with everything. An educated guess is probably a better guess than an uneducated one...
The graphs being flatter doesn't conclude that increased numeracy leads to more partisanship. Partisan topics are more like roadblocks that require the highest numeracy to overcome.
I got it right so in conclusion, I'm dumb.
4:19 - "specifically, Politics."  ...aaannd im done watching this video...
Is anyone actually centrist in the USA? Sitting between being republican and democrat?
You solve this problem by focusing on real issues. Global oceans rising by 10 feet aren't an issue, the issue is people's homes are getting destroyed. So let's help these people find new homes and new jobs.
I tried that app and i found it very disappointing.
I wish the vid had started with one of the counter intuitive gun examples so people had a chance to see if they get it right.
There's a Catch-22 in coming to conclusions from "facts". Most "facts" we're presented with, have been gathered and tabulated by several other people by the time we're informed of them. As such, the "facts" have been at the whim of who-knows how many other people with their own agendas, biases, and intentions. Sometimes, in order to accept "facts", we have to simply "believe" or trust that the facts haven't been altered (even though they almost certainly have).  I don't care who or what side presents to me "facts" about gun control in either direction... it's an extremely politicized question, and I have no way of viewing the hard data myself, so in this case, I have to simply "believe" what I think makes the most logical, rational sense.  Everything and everyone is untrustworthy until demonstrated otherwise (and even then there's no certainty).  Once I trust them or it, then it's "Trust, but verify."  If I can't verify, then I'm left with simply a "belief", and not something I can categorize firmly as a "fact".  Much of cooperation is built on trust... and so many people are so untrustworthy these days, that it's hard to work with others.  Which makes life insanely annoying and difficult.  /rant
The gun control version doesn't make any sense.  Is each number a crime? What about open carry instead of concealed carry? What are the demographics of the crimes? How can you say number of crimes decreases? Compared to the year before?  How can a crime be counted if it doesn't occur? It isn't a crime if it doesn't happen.  This is lacking so much information, hence nobody would use such little information or even create a chart like that in regards to the subject.
This is an interesting concept but I can see some flaws in the experimental design. The researchers should conduct this experiment again, with a larger and less homogenous sample size and use another highly polarized, non political topic that has not subjected to purposeful manipulation. It could be that ppl are so used to political topics being a part of some propaganda that they may, justifiably, second guess the motivations and therefore the data presented. This confound can be accounted for by adding all of the appropriate controls.
Some countries prohibit running for a political party during elections. So you can only run as an independent & you can't benefit from political branding.  China simply has a single party & prohibits any criticism of the party. That completely prevents partisan politics all together.
I'd be interested to see the same study done with one group being interviewed like they are here, and another group discovering the material and rationalizing it as naturally as possible in a stress-free environment, just because I feel like a lot of people are probably focused more on talking to the interviewer and being on camera when they aren't used to it.
lol at most ppl missing the point in the comments 😂
Plus of course the study was flawed because they didn't use a group using standard cream. So in fact, we have no idea how good or bad the cream is.
This study fully supports my belief that those people going to campaign rallies are irrational.
I don't think the "Gun control" scenario actually showed what was claimed. In both R and D groups, when the numbers disagreed with the underlying worldview, there was a dip in correct interpretation, which seemed to be worst around numeracy = 5. Then with rising numeracy, people's math overrode their assumptions, and I would bet a lot of the 9 and 10 folks (both R and D) said something like "Well that may be what the numbers say in this case, but I would have to see more detail before I believe that." That looks to me like a recapitulation of the Dunning Kruger effect.
Numbers are weird. Isn't 21 out of 128 1/6th, not 1/5th? I thought it was closer to twice as bad with the cream.
This a result of most people using subjective reasoning over objective reasoning. I did not saw in the video anytyhing that relate this to smarter people doing better or worse. The study was conducted on people of all intelligences without pointing which ones were smart and which ones where not.
This also shows that people who understand more money and finances (beter numeracy) understand better what polititians want to distorted while presenting statistics. Thus inversely poor people understand wrong and are dupped by the polititians speach!
One party!!! ONE PARTY!! THE COMMUNIST PARTY
1st paper: You CANNOT have a CONTROL that DOESN'T GET A TREATMENT. That's NOT a CONTROL. Or is this not double-blind randomized?
1:35 - wow, i got the Right Answer, but for the Wrong Reason...i figured to look at "107 vs 223" (roughly Double) and "21 vs 75" (roughly Triple) and decided that 'using the cream gives your rash 2x the chance to get better, but 3x the chance to get worse'...so, id start by NOT using the cream, because theres a good chance (107 people) that itll just Go Away on its own...
I definitely do not believe in the same politics as my "tribe".  I do take each issue into consideration with pros and cons and come to a conclusion politically.  My tribe has their beliefs and anyone not believing what they believe is vilified.  Needless to say I do not engage in political discussions with my tribe, we have enough other commonalities to offset this political discourse.  I love my tribe, even if they do not believe in the same reasoning in politics as I do.
Analysis of Democratic Party Bias in the Video:  1. Topic Selection Bias: - The video focuses on two politically charged issues: gun control and climate change - Both issues are traditionally Democratic Party priorities - Notably absent are key Republican concerns such as:   * Immigration policy   * Tax policy   * Religious freedom   * Abortion rights  2. Framing Bias: - In presenting the gun control issue, the Democratic position is framed more positively ("reduces crime") - The Republican position is somewhat oversimplified - The Florida sea-level rise example implicitly accepts climate change as fact, aligning with Democratic Party positions  3. Solution Bias: - The suggested solutions lean towards Democratic Party approaches - The example of successful bipartisan cooperation focuses on climate adaptation measures - The recommendation to avoid partisan terminology uses "climate change" as an example, which itself is a Democrat-preferred term  While the video attempts to maintain objectivity in its presentation of cognitive bias across political lines, its choice of examples and framing reveals an underlying Democratic Party bias. This bias might be unconscious but reflects the creator's own political leanings in the selection and presentation of content.
What the hell happened to "it's okay to change your mind based on new information" everybody seems to pick an answer and then blindly stick to it
Technically speaking, cant you use a proportional 95% confidence interval to determine these results?
Today I pretended to be a member of a different party in a political gathering. At the end, I found myself more accepting of that party. It's very interesting. You have to walk in someone else's shoes before you begin to sympathize with them.
I would hypothesize that the results are also tainted by subject familiarity. If you're asking me about some random cream treating a rash, then all I have to go on are the numbers you give me. But if you ask me about a subject I've encountered before, even if the data in front of me says one thing, my existing understanding of the subject would color my interpretation. Is it as strong an effect as political partisanship? Maybe not, but seems like it could also have a substantial impact on someone's willingness to try to bend the data to their existing opinion.
Sorry but I think this is more about confirmation bias in political topics, with some distrust of people presenting political data thrown in, than it is about "tribalism". Not saying tribalism isn't an issue though.   From what I've seen the main way tribalism rears its head is lack of dissent. If a topic is controversial in my social circle, the main thing I see is a group of rational people simply staying quiet to avoid criticism. When I ask them privately I often find out they're quiet because they don't want to piss people off. It's not that they've molded their views to the norm. (Though I'm sure it can shift them over the years.)  In my experience, smart people often do have independent views, but they're also socially aware enough not to share them if it will have a negative impact. Now confirmation bias when looking at data... that is certainly a thing among smarter people. And it's also not surprising that it would be more of a thing. I developed my views as a young intellectual looking at the data, and got very used to being right. So now as a middle-aged person, if I'm not very careful, I tend to assume that I'm still right regardless of the data. It takes active effort to avoid this convenient energy-saving approach.  So to summarize: interesting data, but I'm not sure you're drawing the most accurate conclusions from it. There's a little more nuance here.
This video strikes me as having STEM brain. It's interesting the results and I look forward to further examination of the phenomena but the explanation that this is all tribal reasoning is such a jump.
I think if the study was done in a different country. You would see much less political influence on the answers.
Yeah no. I can't reason with someone who claim a bunch of white dude 250 years ago should dictate how we live in the 21st century.
Every comment falling for the clickbait title
I recently had an example of being ostracized. I called out some consistent issues at work with systems and some bosses. Because I was fairly vocal about it, I'm now under a performance review from HR. Work sux 😁
Is it more confirmation bias ( I feel bad if I prove I am wrong)  or social bias (I feel bad if I prove my pals are wrong)?
The most important thing in a good study is how much you can replicate it.
How does one quantify "science curiosity?"
Many didn’t go to Yale to realize this since 2010 . Liberal cities are mob rule or vice versa , many idiots on both sides .
👍
you know i hate to see derek walking towards me wearing a billboard
@veritasium I’m very grateful that you put together this video, I strongly agree that this perspective is what our culture needs right now. I’m also commenting to point out something that you might find interesting.   Toward the end of the video, while justifying your conclusion and call to action, you attributed this irrational system of thinking to evolutionary development. On one hand, you selected that because you knew it was the strongest possible way to reinforce your point.  On the other hand, Emergence, order from chaos, and evolution are non-neutral, signal words which produce exactly the effect you were advocating we learn to avoid! I wonder if there’s another way to present the concept of gradually developing tribe-centric illiteracy without invoking a topic like evolution that puts a period on a lot of people’s thought process.  All the same, I appreciated your humility and contemplation, this video is a great gift in light of the urgent issues of our moment.
I think the solution is pretty easy to be honest: have more political parties. Would like to see this tested across countries that have more or less parties.
This seems pretty obvious. A random study isn’t going to rewire your beliefs. And a super simple random graph is not going to change someone’s mind off the information they believe to be equally or more accurate. This isn’t just about fitting in, but also how beliefs become part of our working knowledge, and changing them is something that we all need to do consciously and carefully. Believing every graph you see is how misinformation is spread, but not believing anything ever is how we become completely closed minded. Be cautiously open minded, and ask lots of questions, that’s the takeaway! Make sure you understand and agree yourself rather than repeating what others say.
5:23 How many cities can you guess? I only got 3: NY, SF, and St. Louis. 😅
American question be like : 2+2=?
What happens if the numbers are presented in a neutral manner, and only after people express their conclusion and logic you show what the numbers were about, how do people react?
Ground news sounds awesome. Since it’s in politics best interest to „technically not lie“ whilst praising themselves and trashing the opponent. it should be the only legitimate way to read news.
that is certainly not an intuitive answer...
SUBSCRIBE!!!!!!! THIS CHANNEL IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZNG!!!!!!
You showed that in an unbiased experiment people give unbiased answers, and in a highly biased experiment people give biased answers, isn't this basically tautological? you just proved that in a biased scenario people are biased? like yeah that's what biased and unbiased mean
While an interesting experiment, the conclusion that this effect relates to politics at all honestly seems a completely wrong interpretation of the results.  The relevant difference between the gun and cream question is not that one is political and one isn't, but rather that one topic is something people have a predetermined opinion on, but not the other. So rather than using the numbers presented, they will fall back on that opinion to answer the question.  If you had asked them whether turtles run faster than deers, and show them a ficticous study with numbers implying that this is true, people would likely still answer deers run faster a lot of the times because that is what makes sense to them. Nothing political about it.
I mean technically if no one has a gun to commit a gun crime, gun crime rates go down.
good thing I don't associate with any political party, totally independent, much of a loner who doesn't care if people disagree with me. so I am able to make rational decisions and rely solely on facts, truth, and science. the political people hate me because I destroy their false notions with facts.
Just like science does with god
Divide and conquer is one of the oldest tricks in the book, and on display globally right now.  If we’re distracted and fighting amongst ourselves we can’t unite and focus on the real issues.
I don't let data define my rights.
I got it correct because I'm smart(and I used a calculator).
🙉
BS where did he find Trump supporters that can do maths?
This reminds me of the people that have severed the connection between the 2 hemispheres of their brain.  In that research, the right brain can function on its own without the person being conscious of it.  The right brain can select correct answers without the knowledge of the conscious part of the brain.  When the person tries to describe why the right brain picked the answer, they will try to create a reason that has nothing to do with the question the right brain saw.
On a job I had to make inventories of different items and the numbers wouldn't add up so I had to go count again.  I skipped multiple times over one empty space in a row just because I was confident in my numbers. Feels similar.
Climate change is real and will kill millions as we will not do enough to stop it. If no one had guns there would be no gun deaths. You don't need to know any maths at all. These are just true facts.
It's interesting that Democrats scored higher than Republicans on a test where Smarter people do worse.
You can make correlations for guns laws but not establish causality, you have only data, no equations.  Global warming is based on science and data, we know the chemistry of atmosphere. Surprised by a cam, or missing the fact that the groups were not equals, I would answer following my bias. And for guns, the more guns, the more bullets, the more bullets, the more casualties. I’d rather have a Bataclan (french here) here and there than these bloody school mass shootings because a disturbed teen have such an easy access to guns and even trained to use it.
It's not ideology. The data is already out there. That's where the problem lies. Far clearer than fracking pros and cons. Murder and crime is worse by leaps and bounds in heavily restricted cities. Just like 92% of mass shootings occur in gun free buildings or areas.
Or just use a calculator
I hope you asked way more people than shown. If such a big portion of the people would be that irrational it would be a great problem. Good luck for your vote.
8:45
This is really curious. Even Veritasium recently made a video explaining the math of voting, and it's hard not to notice how unlikely it is that your vote makes a difference and is worth the effort, but then concluded that you should definitely vote
So we should just accept and embrace the Overton window?  You can't meet the other side in the middle when they include literal Nazis and fascists.
Those who know
High everyone should see this so I am commenting to boost engagement!
This is cool, but in the study could be confusing to the subjects.  Saying "crime improved" meaning more crime, could also be described as "Crime worsen" meaning more crime.  Because its not outlandish to think worse crime means more terrible and bad. You should have been more accurate and said crime went up or down.
3:02 Trump voter. haha!!
11:07 is the perfect example of why the solution ISN'T to just "deal with the situation" at hand regardless of the cause. If both sides agree sea level rise is happening but the causes of the rise are believed to be very different, then doing nothing about the actual cause will only make it worse going forward. If one believes it is human caused (which it is) then specific steps can be taken that will lessen the impact (to one extent or another) in the future, while if one believes it is just a natural cycle that humans can do nothing about then those effective steps will not be taken and the impact on our future will be much worse.
personal bias the god of the stupid
This is exactly why I avoid most social media and also try my best to be moderate.  Its not because I dont want to pick a side, thats stupid.  Its because life is a negotiation, and decisions have consequences.  Every time you get what you want on one saide, someone else on the other side loses.  Thats not very American.  Lets take a second to figure out whats really going on and realise both sides are probably going to make sacrifices.  How are you going to negotiate those?
0:59 my guess is that     no, because seemingly less people are affected by the rash overall in the control group, and if you look at the rash group there is a higher percentage of rash worsened than rash improved
Woah, just the other day, I was talking with my friend about this other friend who is radically liberal: we all just _lean_ left, in the friend group. The two of us talked about one of her more radical beliefs, and I pointed out that we actively ostracize her into either fitting in or leaving, and she's not doing either But we both know it's not our place to change her beliefs, and it's just plain evil to actively alienate her We're supposed to be friends because we enjoy each other's presence at first, not because we have the same views It certainly is a world we live in
This does not apply to me. I'm not a follower. I hate followers. I'm sure that I could subconsciously be "tricked" or swayed in some way, but not by this.
I love how everyone expanded the arbitrary question, like, are stoopid
"A study on skin cream is about as apolitical as it gets"   AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  BOTH POLITICAL PARTIES HAVE TO APPEAR ON TV SO THE TWO GROUPS SHOULD BEHAVE THE SAME WAY REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY THEY MIGHT BE RUNNING FOR THE TICKET OF 😃  IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE NIXON 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂  am I overthinking it? 🥲💀
"People are like ferrets" -Trapman from Ballad of Buster Scruggs
3:02 Even the people with the highest numeracy score got it right less than 75% of the time. Was there a time limit on this question?
Politics > Everything Else
Very cleaver video, congrats.
It's a stupid question. Are you asking if you want your rash to get better versus not to get worse? Then no cream, but if your entire goal is to improve your rash, the cream has twice the effectiveness as no cream. If you want the highest percent chance to improve your rash without worsening symptoms then no cream,  if you want to improve your rash regardless of the outcome, the use the cream? Clearly the cream is effective because there is no placebo. Whether or not the "worsening" of the rash is a mental thing where you feel like it's not improving therefore it could feel worse.
This is a great video, and 100% agree with using less loaded language, but we are all forgetting one thing: [most US] politicians dont care about making things better, they care about padding their wallets, which is why the buzzwords exist in the first place.
@7:15 - "The only difference is the context"... I don't think that's true... In the skin cream example, it's an unknown skin cream. You don't know the ingredients. All you know about this topic is what the question presented you with - it's fresh information about an unknown topic. In the gun control context, you have a lifetime of looking at statistics and hearing 'evidence' outside of this fake study. It's not "the only thing that's different". It would be like saying "Smoking increases risk of cancer, or Smoking decreases the risk of cancer." with those same numbers... We have a lifetime of data in our heads about this topic - so no study is going to tell me that smoking is all of a sudden not causing cancer - especially when it's N is <500 people.  Repetition error is probably a big problem here... You hear a belief over and over, you'll be more likely to believe it to be true regardless of if it is true.
Thinking a bit about this study I think the numbers in the fake studies makes quite a bit *less* sense for the possible outcome of a change in gun control policy than they do as the outcome of using a creme for a rash or not.   Why? Well a rash is expected to change by itself over the time of the study. Either time heals, so even no treatment other than waiting could be expected to have some positive result. Or, probably less likely, but depending on the type of rash and when the study started tracking each patient, it could be expected for a rash to grow worse without treatment. But for the control group of cities that did not have any change in gun legislation, wouldn't they be expected to be an about 50-50 split between "more crime" or "less crime" as nothing there changed. That is, unless there was some *other* factor that that also affected the crime rate in the control group. But if that other factor was strong enough that crime went in one direction over the other about 5 times out of 6, then that means that asking "Did crime go up or down?" would be a horrible question for a study to look at. "Did crime here increase more than the nation's average?" or better yet, "How *much* did crime rate increase or decrease in this city?" are questions that could make sense.Or *at* *least* add in a third category for "Pretty much no change in crime rate here".   Yes, I understand that I'm sort of criticizing the methodology of a *fictional* study here. But this difference between how reasonable outcomes were for a study on a skin rash and for one on gun control *could* also have an effect on the thing the study was trying to measure, the political bias. Because data that doesn't make sense *could* be harder to interpret, especially for participants who scored high on numeracy. I do get that they needed to keep the complexity down for the fake studies to make questions that people could answer though, so adding two more numbers for "No change" to the examples for might not have been a good option. But I do think it would have been better to make up some numbers that made sense for *both* the political and non-political questions.
What's really interesting and eye opening is that I caught myself falling right into it watching the video. Every time a graph with the two parties would pop up, I would find myself paying more attention to where the party I identify with scored better, even if the opposing party had basically the same or even a better average. I kept routing for "my team" even though the statistics shown depict even numbers on both sides.
Congratulations, you've finally started to figure out human nature. NOBODY is logical! Not one single person has ever made a decision without emotions. You are dealing with complexity! Not linear systems...! The only system I've ever come across that deals with this REALLY WELL, is Holistic Management by Allan Savory. You should investigate it. Seriously!
As someone who primarily aligns with conservatives, it really kills me when people can’t look at factual climate change numbers. I’d heard various sources repeat claims that the world will be destroyed by 2015 or whatever and how they just kept pushing the number back like now it’s 2050. Then I was told to do the math out on the oceans heating up 1 degree and I saw the energy in numbers.   This isn’t some philosophical argument. Why can’t we just do something about it?
Thats a dumb study to begin with tho, what type of rash, whats it caused by and what does the cream even supposed to do? Its studying nothing
So what you’re saying is that all media outlets and parties with any interest in any choice can use numerical manipulation to show what they want the target audience to think while not technically being misleading…. Interesting…….
You’re awesome
wait so should I be happy or sad if I get it wrong?
The founding fathers knew people making hasty decisions, biasedly, by mob rule would be bad. That's why they developed a good system of checks and balances, and wanted a small, but reasonably strong government. Since then, government has grown unreasonably, with not enough basis in objective nonpartisan reality.
For all I care you can call Climate change the phenomena in which the world would get hotter and sea levels will rise and weather will be more extreme- palooza but it won't change the fact that it is necessary to take immediate and focused action on an international level in order to stop it. I cannot be that we are still discussing it as we were to discuss if the earth is round or not, it has the same level of it being real, the Earth is round and climate change exists, lets discuss how we deal with it.
Smarter people are just better at finding excuses, like the guy who pointed out, that crime increase might not be related to guns, or other person who said that they need to check the source of the data. An if you ask people engaged with politics they have experience with rejecting data at face value if they don't agree with them, and try to find weakpoints. Also people often stright up laying. They know they are wrong, but they no bother. I think it would be interesting to see reactions if you show numbers without context and then reveal political topic.
The question being asked from the get go was bizarre, even at the start. Did the skin cream  improve the rash. I thought hard - they don’t ask how does it compare to placebo, purely does it  make the rash  better - well the numbers say it does most of the time - but for some it worsens it - both it makes it better sometimes and makes it worse sometimes - so  both answers appear to be true. If they want to know - does it make it better more often - yes. If they want to know - is it worse than placebo - yes. They seemed to interpret their question as “is it better than placebo” yet that isn’t what they asked.   I think the whole thing is bizarre. Ask a stupid question - get stupid  answers. The questions don’t define what it is they are asking judging by their logic of how they answer it. Eh ?!
So buzz words are essentially dog whistles to subconsciously align voters mentally with their political party's main dogma... Fascinating.
Boo
This video is horrifying...
The real issue is whether one is pro-skub or anti-skub
Trump 2024
As a smart person, I say: "The cream helps, but it has a very high rate of side effects/counterindications." This is medicine. There isn't a "one size fits all" solution.
that's scary, i cannot answer the question at all, i am like .. but how many people were in the group before -_-
As a non American, centrist, It's interesting that the democratic Americans were more likely to be wrong, even when confirmation bias would push them not to, and also that they are more often correct at higher numeracy levels in both examples... It's almost like your right wing is poisoning the topic with their personal opinions.....
I’m gonna be honest, in all of these cases, my reaction would be “well it seems like a tossup” and “why isn’t your control size the same as your experimental size?”
the moment he reversed the column. 🤯🤯🤯
The next level of awareness is realizing that most of our data is unreliable.  Analyzing unreliable data means garbage in, garbage out.
Lol rational people make themselves look stupid when it threatens their ideology. Noice!!!!
I would be interested to know how this ‘numeracy’ was measured.... Self-assessment of the respondents?
This is re. charts at 2:25 and 7:05. I know we are supposed to be bipartisan and not offend either side and all that, but can we acknowledge a straightforward numerical fact: the magnitude of the bias is much larger on the conservative side. On the progressive side, the bias only shows up for people with numeracy scores of 8 or 9, and somewhat for 7. This is a very small group of people (per chart at 2:25). That is, most progressives do not exhibit the bias. On the conservative side, the average magnitude of the bias is not only much larger, it also applies to the vast majority of people, those with numeracy scores of 3 and above. I know it's not polite to say this, but shying from the truth out of fear of being labeled partisan misdiagnoses the problem and is not going to help understand and address it: this is overwhelmingly a conservative problem.
I don’t think the two studies are comparable. A placebo group is different from a city with different laws – that is, a city that passes gun control laws will have different characteristics than a city that doesn’t. That would be more like comparing two groups that selected two different types of skin cream.
Critical thinking is scary for humans
It is no secret that the way to get and retain power is to divide the populous and get them fighting so they don't pay attention to you stealing everything.
What does it mean by increased crime by 223 and decreased crime by 75… etc? How do you measure it like this? Can’t conclude anything because the ‘data’ doesn’t mean anything
I don't think it's so difficult to obtain objectivity. Problem is that it require to avoid polarization. That is not very socially accepted. Coherency is something that is overvalued.  Changing idea is seen by most as a weakness, not committed. Being the one that spot incoherency is seen as being nick piking everything and make you not likable. Also avoiding to take side make you more alone. And not being committed in front of something that is not 100% sure make you hesitant.  There are a lot of things that make being objective very inconvenient. Even if give you quite a bit of advantages at the same time.
Hi🙋🏽‍♀️still on the skin cream. How does the second problem say the skin cream improved the rash?? Using the cream you have a 75% chance of improving and not using it you have a 84% chance of improving. Therefore, a 25% chance of worsening for the cream but only 16% without the cream. Seems like the cream was also bad the second time around?
Fascinating
So, based on the first minutes and comparing the numbers, I would say it's a CCM or common cold medicament: "If you take it, the cold takes two weeks, if not, it's 15 days."
A political belief tends to make you less likely to believe facts presented to you, when they disagree with your viewpoint.  The problem with this video is that you actually *did* falsify your data to prove the point by switching the labels.  That's inherently why people don't generally trust political data in the first place. You're not proving anything; you're being part of the problem.
2 minutes in, I got the question right by calculating that No Cream has a 5 to 1 ratio whereas Cream has a 3 to 1 ratio. Guess I am dumb.
1st question is tied to the object "skin cream" and its use towards the effect of making rashes on the subjects better.   Why is the control group considered for the answer if they did not use any skin cream? They don't satisfy the parameters of the question, it seems.
This raises another question.  Is how you do anything how you do everything?  If you're someone whose ignored math, or at least some analog of that kind of logical thinking, are you more likely to go through life not applying that to anything?  What if that person decided to start learning, and becomes proficient in math?  Would that change the way they approach everythin
E h pretty meh on the conclusions of this study. I admit that I do not know that much about gun control and would be likely to go along party lines when simple being shown numbers. But christian nationalists and dictator lovers masquerading as “conservative republicans” who want to see democracy destroyed, want to see bodily autonomy taken away, and can’t accept basic facts about climate change, don’t sound like people who are engaging with reality in a rational way that deserves respect. There is only one party that is attempting to destroy the justice system, that calls brown people the enemy within, and would let Russia invade American allies, and I am not a fan of trying to make both parties seem equal. I do feel for those Americans who need to fit into their communities and are not Christian nationalists but will vote for the fascist guy, and I hope they get treated with the respect they deserve. But I have a sneaking suspicion that anyone who is educated enough to claim to be in that category is smart enough to know better and be better.
It’s just a lot of “smart” people are really bad at high school math
Yeyy!! I like Derek when it’s psychological
The Righteous Mind - Jonathan Heidt
Isnt the worst crime city in US the one with the most strict gun control? I think its a bad faith argument to use fake numbers like that
Is this Dunning–Kruger all over again?
Bias of admissions in universities...
"...politics" aaaand you lost me. Byee
I don't need data to know that people have a right to bodily autonomy and people have a right to gender-affirming medical care.  (though all the data supporting those topics does help 😊)
Good video.
This is not surprising at all. Anyone who has ever participated in political conversation knows how agile people are at twisting logic and facts to hold on to their preconceived beliefs regardless of what those beliefs happen to be
Did anyone go for Chi squared test?
I really like how humbly you try and deal with a topic like this. Well done on this thought provoking video
This is why I never fit in anywhere.
1:20 What? How is that the intuitive answer? The intuitive answer is to look at the ratio, anything else is lunacy.
"no villainizing the other side" doesn't really work when the other side has flat out stated you and those like you don't deserve to exist.  When you're on the side with all the confederate and nazi flags, YOU ARE THE VILLAIN!!  It's time to stop appeasing hate.  Recognize threats for what they are, and take actions to eliminate the threat.
the moral of the story is that the brainwashing aka dumbing down of society is real. the globalists NWO will fail
The experimental design for the skin cream is flawed. If it is to be used as a control, the control group should use a product that looks identical but contains no active ingredients, rather than not using any skin cream at all
Political leanings = cognitive dissonance.
I knew this from me beforehand, I react much more emotionally on political issues I'm invested in. It's hard to go against emotions with rationality, feels like I'm betraying myself.
10:48 "Avoiding partisan rhetoric. ... avoid the loaded terms... No buzzwords that could trigger anyone into tribal thinking. No villainizing the other side".  As a non-American watching international politics for a big chunk of my life, yeah no. Especially not possible from a certain candidate in his third election attempt. He's all about the above.
Oh hey, maybe our species isn't doomed after all, turns out there are people who already made studies that show that people are just dumb animals, trying to stay part of their group, even if that means ignoring reality. Left/right doesn't matter, same for both sides, same for ALL sides, of any divide. You will always have a whole lot of people being part of one side that just become dumb the moment their views are contradicted, because accepting those contradicting views would mean contradicting their side, their tribe.   Guess what, I HAVE the solution, but it's sadly one that everyone has to implement themselves for themselves.  Comes down to realizing your biases whenever you have them. That's something you can learn, just check your opinions and the facts whenever you learn something that sounds good to you. Why do you agree with what you just learned?  Ask yourself that question every single time you hear something you agree with, and you will eventually learn to just do that automatically.
politic sides are just one big misunderstanding 😊 And if it's too dramatic, it's a fanatic 😁 (aka for every drama there's always 2 stories and the truth is always complicated and boring)
I wonder how this study would do in places where people's views aren't as much 'pro-this, anti-that'. That's kind of how I perceive the US as a (Western-)European. I'm not saying this as some kind of personal attack to Americans, but I'm genuinely wondering if that would impact it and how much.
It’s kind of hard to come up with solutions when either side disagrees on base facts.
every youtuber with over 10m subs is a controlled midwit. If you actually used real data, you'd come to the conclusion that we need african-american-control, and not gun-control. Of course that's unacceptable to publish on this liberal platform.
Vaxine
This must be a form of confirmation bias. The question does take a bit of reasoning and so I think we're inclined to stop thinking once information seemingly aligns with our beliefs. Whereas if you hear something that contradicts your beliefs you're going to initially reject it and seek more information to either disprove it so that you can maintain your belief or the evidence is overwhelming and you're almost forced to change your belief.
A critical issue not mentioned is the total number of people in each group.  If there are 300 people with roughly 225 getting better and 75 worse, then this is a different calculus than if your starting group is much larger  - for example 10000.
its DAY TAH (many points)  like  DAY TUM. (one point)
"smarter people", these are not intelligent people
with the rash study, I would need to know the number of people who participated, if every single participant was impacted by the cream, (so, 298 participants in each group) then 75 people (25% of the people) would have a worse rash (the degree of "worseness" is not given so I have to assume it is a hair trigger) but 75% could, in the best scenario have no rash at all, but in the no cream version, only 36% of people would see an improvement, and the rest either see no change or it gets worse.  of course these are the extremes, but you have to account for that before making a descision. There is no "right answer" to that problem.
Right answer: skin cream varries from person to person and probably blood type and race. GIVE UP your guns reguardless of the crime. You give up you rights
Were those the Trumpistas that ended up getting stranded in the desert cuz their cult leader and his cronies didn't arrange transportation for their cultists? 🤣🤣 I understand the point of the whole video is that we're all susceptible to our own biases, but cmon you can't tell me the cognitive dissonance isn't strong in those folks
Dropping this the day before the election is wild
10:40  I will not ignore partisan rhetoric. I understand that what you're saying is that Republicans exist, and that we "have to work with them" to improve these situations. No. We are sick and tired of complacency towards people who hate us and are actively making the world a worse place. The evidence and data that you say that Everyone of all parties should focus on to achieve improvements in relations and situational outcomes directly points to the sources of those problems. Easily accessible guns kill people. Republicans don't care about the data. Democrats, which aren't even on the Left side of the political spectrum, continue to support U.S. Imperialism across the globe, supplying White Phosphorus munitions to Israel (which are produced in my home state of Arkansas). I refuse to play nice with them. I will not be respectful towards people who support genocide against any people on this planet.  All of the time, I hear people, smart people who mean well, that say to avoid labeling the other party as "villains". As far as I've come from my small, racist town, I cannot ignore this sentiment. There is nothing wrong with confronting fascists as villains. Republicans, at their core, support policies that would rid the world of my friends and family. Gay and Trans people would not be allowed to freely exist if they had total control. The prison system would never be reformed towards rehabilitation and continue to be a mechanism of slavery. Police brutality would continue to be ignored. The homeless and impoverished would continue to suffer needlessly under a system that could easily support them. The rich would get richer. That is what they want, and they do not care about people that aren't like them: Straight White Christians.  To continue to push the sentiment that avoids antagonistic language towards Fascists, to be complacent and allow them to continue to exist and threaten the lives of my friends, cannot be allowed. I know that you mean well. I have once-close acquaintances who have never given a thought about what kind of world that they are allowing to exist. The KKK endorses Trump. Racists support Trump. Neo-Nazis support Trump. Christians, Misogynists, the Rich, and the poorly educated support Trump. Intolerance should not be tolerated. This planet can't afford to politely ask Republicans to take Climate Change seriously. This planet is burning. It isn't up for debate or for interpretation.  Fascists thrive on being ignored. Ignoring them allows them to persist. Fascists should instead be ridiculed, shunned, and punished, much like people who commit hate crimes should be jailed and given reformative therapy.  This planet has the technology and information available to create a world where every single person lives in a comfortable home, eats good food, goes to school, goes to the doctor, and has internet access. The Right-leaning politicians and people in every country are actively prohibiting this from happening. I know that what I'm talking about isn't what the point of the video was even about, but that one phrase is not acceptable to me.
It's called the stock market
"yo solo sé que no sé nada" solo funciona si todos lo creemos
Whenever I see a question like this I immediately assume the answer is the unintuitive one, otherwise why would you even ask the question.
- When given fake stats in the form of a contentious social issue with no context, some people were willing to add context and give their reasoning. "This says a lot about society."
So what is the verdict for Gun control.
I love this video. Both the science and the politics. I am a supporter that our society is built on modern Tribalism and even did a radio show episode about it for a museum. Doing research on this topic is fascinating because of how much people unconsciously change information to fit what they want to believe. It's really hard to change someone's fundamental beliefs and it causes this unnecessary polarisation between our people.
Wow all you poor people who are so polarized and biased - unlike me!
So, before you even asked the question as soon as I saw the numbers I found the proportions and realized the cream made it worse, but then I second guessed myself because you said people got it wrong, so then I was waiting for you to tell me I got it wrong.  I understand why you started with the apolitical example, but I wish I had been able to test myself with the political scenario before you biased me.  Just thought for future videos. Know your audience, if you bias us with your baited titles, then how much can I actually learn from your videos? Wasn't this the original inspiration for you approach to science communication, allowing the user to find out their beliefs were incorrect?
How was the numeracy score calculated, that produced the scale?
Science finds humans aren’t truth seeking machines? I don’t believe.
There are two important points that I think everyone should remember when encountering evidence regarding politically charged issues.  1) Facts *cannot* derive for us our moral beliefs or principles.  2) Facts *can* tell us where our society is morally consistent or inconsistent.
Confirmation bias is strong when the feelings about something are strong.
interesting video, but stupid conclusion. there is right and wrong, anything else is evil.
Well, my numbers didn’t work. Because I assumed that there were the same number of participants given both treatments, and the remainder of each saw no improvement (but no worsening either).
I think the different but equal approach taken when referring to ground news is just plain wrong. We clearly know that GOP leaning are generally much worse at interpreting science data and is not just a matter of using different sources.
how did we measure that these people have high numeracy? is it self reported? because that introduces some variables that could drastically sway the results
Literally spent 15min of my lunchtime trying to figure out what’s the trick behind the cream question just to find out this is not about statistical reasoning
For me this only tells me that smarter people are more skeptical and trust their previous knowledge more.
Fix the root of the problem identified here, stop thinking “tribally” or don’t worry about thinking differently.  This is true with religion, political party, sports teams, rushing frats, etc… stop worrying about being part of the crowd, and think independently.  Just because your parents were a certain religion, political group or sports fan, doesn’t mean you have to blindly follow.  Tribal thinking is very obvious when you look at situations from an external perspective.
I have often thought that extreme political opinions require more intelligence to hold and defend than more accepted ones. We should all be more unsure than we are. Our mental abilities are adapted to survival not logic! And being on the winning side of an argument was more important than being right.
There is not enough information to solve this problem. We also need a weight that measures how we value rash worsening to it improving. Even if it was an apples to apples comparison like the values being in money terms, in light of prospect theory the answer might still vary.
If you think you are willing to change your opinion when presented with facts, then ask yourself when you last admitted that you lost an argument.  It is supringsingly rare that people will do it, even if they are presented with irefundable evidence.
I know the video's focus is on polarization, but it's funny how the video has to take its own advice and avoid pointing out the fact that conservatives still do worse after accounting for numeracy lol.
This is precisely why we need to get away from a two party system by using something like rank choice voting.
“The other thing is to foster a curious mindset.”  That’s it. That’s the lynchpin. The society you’re describing is that ever elusive Utopia. I’m an idealist and an optimist. People sometimes think I’m not because of how serious I can be about certain issues. The two aren’t correlated.
Stupid clickbait video to get "smart" ppl to watch
Ideology makes people foolish, no mater which ideology it is.
In case of gun control, the respondents delved into confounding factors but the correct answer would be: this study is not enough to come to a conclusion. Therefore, neither options given by the questioner are the correct answer and so this numeracy study is invalid.
As soon as the matter of politics came up, my heart sank with dread, but I was pleasantly surprised by your rational, even-handed and non-partisan discussion of the subject matter. It would be far too easy for many people to try and make a jab at the political ideology they disagree with, or dive into the data to try and make some contrived point based on spotty data like 'Republicans were 3% more likely to get the question wrong than Democrats, they're so silly!'
Saying that neumeracy didnt correlate with gun control improving gun violence for Republicans doesn't seem like the correct conclusion from the data. It seems like dumb Republicans couldn't think through the question, smart Republicans could but were maybe blinded by their bias, while normal Republicans were too dumb to overcome their bias almost at all.
Can you do a video on hydrogen fuel cells and come to my university to do a video of their production and testing?
This was poor research. In fact, all it confirmed was the bias of the researchers (structuring an experiment to find what they hoped they’d see).  The relationship to gun control and crime is complex and multifactorial. Correlation definitely does not automatically mean Causation with that scenario, whereas you can more safely assume causation a skin cream and associated skin conditions.   Therefore the problem with the question was not the bias of the public, but the bias of the researchers.   This is because the researchers pre-defined the “right answer” and then tried to correlate numeracy to their own bias, whereas the data itself does not paint the full picture (only a correlation - and a very subjective and vague measured value of “crime Improved” at that), and thus there is actually no definitive “right answer” that can be gleaned from the question at all, causing people to fill in their answer with their own previous beliefs and knowledge.
Conclusion: We're always biased, even when we think we aren't. Stronger with social groups
I couldn't answer the question because I kept asking myself, "how many participants were there in total?" How many were there that did not improve nor worsen? Perhaps I'm the dumbest of all.
Thanks!
The biggest problem with humans is they let their emotions or religion control everything, which corrupts the data!  For example lonely people act on their loneliness and wind up getting taken advantage of, and get hurt.  A logical person would be more reserved to protect theirself.
I'd like to see this done WITHOUT the camera. A lot of people think you're going to try debating them or something if you bring along a camera and ask them questions about their political view, so they'll tend to be more defensive about their beliefs.
true, both sides are the same, thanks veritasium
This framing is unhelpful. If you read liberal policies to conservatives in neutral language, they will be supportive of it, but will change their tune on the spot if told their politicians are actually against it. The same does not apply if you read conservative policies to liberals, and in fact if you read conservative policies to conservatives, they will say thats what the Democratic Party supports. Of course boths sides are tribalistic, but cutting between shots as if they are both equally irrational herd animals is wildly irresponsible.
that mean there is 3 level of intelligent in this video: 1. too dumb  to be rational 2. smart enough to be rational only whenever they want 3. smart enough to always choose to be rational
I'll be socially isolating over here shitting on both corporate parties equally...
Got the first one right then stopped watching because I was content. My PhD was ashamed of me.
So this experiment proves Schopenhauer correct when he said intellectuals have no common sense as is found in the illiterate
Smart people get that the title has two meanings
Unfortunately, Trump and his fanatic followers cannot speak or think rationally, and continue to behave in a way that discredit our form of government further. I often wonder if he is a Russian or Chinese agent, whose purpose is to destroy America and its democratic allies worldwide.
This is a bad argument. The cream question is a set up experiment where people are given a treatment. The gun control question is one of correlation. There is not nearly enough information in the gun control example to gleam very much information at all.
This research didn't prove anything. If you show me data of 'no gun control decreased gun violence' all alarm bells are going off. The presented data is just one of the many research there is. I, and probably anyone who is pro-gun control know that in countries who outlawed guns like Australia, it was highly effective in reducing gun related crimes. So of course i'm going to be skeptical. At 8:00 he mentions fracking and climate change. Did he conducted the same research? So one of the questions was like: a graph or dataset that shows that climate change is not driven by increase co2 from green house gasses, or something? So if i reject that claim, he concludes that i did that, not because i'm skeptical of the data, but because it fits my political believes?! That's stupid.
"A type of problem that smarter people struggle with" *contacts american friend to ask the questions over there*
Fake data used by grifter.
Im no researcher, but this just seems like a "does bias exist" study...
People need to stop worshipping in the house of politics. We can't expect fanatics to be rational.
I think we should arm criminals that way both sides are wrong
The way I've come to see it is that smarter people have greater capacity for self deception because they use that brain power to rationalize what they already believe and to discredit what they don't want to believe.
Why not ask participants if skin cream can reduce violence in the streets?  Smarter people will agree, because wasting your money and time on useless cream is a better idea than wasting your money on weapons.
So this was a study on confirmation bias?
I'd be interested in the gender differences in this study, because the older lady said something interesting that I could across frequently. Women don't trust the numbers in studies like this, they'd actually just want to know what everyone else said, and go off recommendations rather than statistics, EVEN IF the statistics showed that the cream made it worse.
Really appreciate your approach and tact.
Understanding we all have bias is a good start to fixing the problem
So no, smarter people don't do worse.
This is why I believe we just need to unite under one person that I think is best
You have a 50/50 chance of correct answer if you just guess randomly. How is it possible that % of correct answers was as low as 25% in some groups? Especially in the lower numeracy groups, I would expect that the answers would be random in case of skin cream, or politically motivated in case of gun control, but the study's results totally contradict that intuition.
I don’t know if I agree with your conclusions.  These people are telling you on guns they have seen lots of other data and reporting and so they don’t do the math.  Vs with cream they have zero other data and you never name a cream so they do the math.   If you named the cream.  People that use that cream or know a family member that uses that cream would probably be more likely to answer counter to the data because they would have other sources that they are trying to include.
But smart people didn't do worse that less numerate ones?
why should we make policy based on data. When policy leads to unknown outcomes, why should we establish them?
ok the first question is phrased weirdly and the date is incomplete, how many people were in each group is a huuuge piece of the question that wasnt given, and even if it was given you would again need more data on why those 75 people that took the cream got worse, was it for example a thing as simple as an allergy to the cream? if so the cream is freaking awesome, was inconclusive? if so then perhaps the cream wasnt so good after all but further testing is required to make certain, perhaps it has something to do with ethnicity or age or whatever, the reason of why the number of people on the studies is important is very simple, for example if in both cases there were 300 people then the cream was an improvement for 74% of the people who took it and 25% of people got worse while only 1% of the people didnt get worse or better, in the case of the test group if we take again a sample of 300 people then only 35% improved only o,o7% got worse but 57% remained in the same condition this time the conclusions are way more obvious but again unless you get to the why there are people that got worse while using the cream the results are again inconclusive
"I choose to believe what I was programmed to believe!" -- Futurama
8:30 classic enlightened centrist here lmao, when presented with information that was explicitly designed, fabricated wholecloth to support a single  certain conclusion, they say the made-up  information is roughly equally supportive of both sides.  The idea that both sides are equally right and wrong is presupposed, and is in spite of the evidence.
Just an aside, the gun control icon was very poorly chosen.  The question is about gun *control* but the icons are guns, is the one where the icon is crossed out mean less guns (i.e. more control), or less gun control (as per the question) ?
I know the solution. Always try to analyze data, ignore society. Society is 90% idiots. Your social position doesn't matter if it's a position in a society of idiots.  Humanity has achieved virtually nothing in the last 2,000 years. Getting excited about space flights or the internet won't change that.
To be fair, this is one study. One study isnt usually enough to prove something as large was gun control. So even when presented with this evidence, people on either side can interpret it as one of the only studies that goes against the majority of studies.
Objective failed successfully!
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Really this is about cognitive dissonance.
Was the FBI data before or after they quietly revised it upwards!
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Why use clickbait when your video will do well with a proper title?
Fixed title: Smarter people (up to 110 IQ) do worse. Actually smart people (130+) do way better.
good points.....
I was expecting a more uncivil comment section considering the topic is about politics but it's mostly about the wording of worsened and improved instead of decreased and increased.
Data can be falsified. "Data" sources can be censored. No, we cannot just follow the "data".
No tribe, never fit in, hard introvert and loner. So I do make decisions based on the facts, so yay to that, but also thanks for the reminder of how alone I am lol.
To be fair, the study isn't statistically conclusive. In the skin cream example, the bottom graph is only 11 cases off of having the same proportion as the top group. That's not a lot of cases. The numbers don't prove that the skin cream makes the rashes worse or better. What you can conclude however is that the skin cream doesn't work or provide a significant enough change to warrant its application. But you cannot conclude that it has  a positive or negative effect. That's why people were able to input their biases into the study when applied to something they care about. It's because the actual answer for the study is that the dataset is too sparse to conclude anything besides the fact that the change (whether skin cream, gun control, of whatever else you want) doesn't work.    This video makes it sound like if you reverse the numbers you can arrive at different conclusions: That the first set shows the skin care had a negative effect and the reversed order that it has a positive effect. But the real answer should be, in both cases, the skin care had very little effect on the outcome, regardless if the direction was slightly positive or negative
I think most of the people here are the ones on the high numeracy side
Okay, I get it.  The moral of the story is that we are all completely useless.  And everything is hopeless.  That's great!
Hard to avoid trigger terms that are politically loaded when party generals try to politicize literally every term in order to gain some rhetorical advantage in the general pop.
The greatest flaw in this is attempting to measure the numeracy of people who adamantly align themselves with one of the 2 spoon-fed political options in america. Its all negligible.
The cream example took me a bit to get right. The initial bait is to go for the highest number. My first step after that was to see whether both populations were the same, which is not the case. This made me realize I’d need propotionality to compare anything and that’s when it became obvious
I got the question correct, but I was expecting a trick. But I always take such data suspiciously. When I took statistics in college we did an entire section on how to lie with staticsics, and how data can show whatevery you want if you frame it in your favor.
So it shows stats for confirmation bias in a way?
I just think it’s stupid … all stupid
I feel like it also doesn't help that the example question had so little rigorocy. The sample set was low, this is only one single piece of evidence out of a much larger scenario, there is potential for correlation as opposed to causation, etcetera. It gives an easy excuse to follow preconceived biases. Obviously, bias affects it somewhat, but with a rigorous dataset, I feel like the bias would be a lot lower. It's an issue, but I'm not sure that it's as big of an issue as made out to be.  My answer to this question would probably be something along the lines of "Well, this evidence seems to show that it goes against my views, but there is potential for correlation or coincidence, and there is lacking additional evidence." Of course, I can't be sure that would be my answer after watching the video before being posed the question, but I think that's how I would have answered. That answer is still biased, since I definitely wouldn't have the same answer for the rash question, but that almost feels like more of me being too willing to accept the rash evidence than me being reluctant to accept the other evidence. Both of them had very sketchy evidence.
I'm sorry but all of these questions are easy to solve. The smarter you are the better you should be able to solve. There are just too many *tupid people in this world.
I will never be on board with stopping climate change until the policy makers take nuclear power seriously. Until then, it's just a green energy scam where politicians are getting kickbacks from solar panel and windmill companies.
The wording in the second question is misleading
The title of this video is clearly causing confusion in the comments. Smart people don't perform worse than less smart people, but there is a greater discrepancy in their performance when the data is aligned with their views vs against it. However, even though the discrepancy is greater, they perform equal or better on the question.  They do worse in comparison to themselves in a different scenario, not in comparison to less smart people.
if no rashes worsened with no cream, and one single rash worsened with cream, does that infinite proportion mean the cream made the rash worse even if all other rashes improved?
10:38 I think what makes this issue particularly bad in the USA is the two-party system... In my country we have around 5 or 6 major political parties that get voted into our version of congress, two of them are somewhat similar to democrats and republicans (though tbh democrats would be considered center-right and republicans far-right in my country), but we have lots of other parties that are somewhat in between or focus on certain topics. Only having two parties only produces two options for every question because it's expected that a party has one viewpoint on a subject which always leads to a "we vs. them" where no in between options are really discussed because that would be closer to the enemy and the enemy is always wrong because otherwise they would be on our side.
What does Numeracy means though? What are you actually measuring in the x axis of every plot you've shown?
Here's a problem for you to solve Derek. Why does yootoob randomly delete my comments from videos, even after I make sure to scrub them of offensive language and trigger words? Also why do they keep showing me recommendations for political channels that I have specifically clicked "do not recommend channel" button every time it appears? Is yootoob malevolent or just incompetent?
I straight up went to proportions by simply checking the ratio between cream and no cream group and see what the percentage is in "gets worse".
You also have to understand that changing one's view takes time. You're probably not going to successfully change an opinion you've held your entire life after reading one paper which presents data that conflicts with it. Nah, you're gonna be flabbergasted for a while.  But the point is to remain open to the idea that you may be wrong. It always helps to remember how retarded our govt can be, so dont feel bad.
NUMBERS LIE
Well, one thing you can change is the political system. Parliamentary representative democracy (for example) helps that. With no single party leading, but rather multiple parties getting seats, they have to work together. That way, no party is served with villifying the other parties, as they’d need a coalition to rule (most likely).
Okay, but the cream *did* help 116 people while hurting 54. So it helped more people than it hurt. 😅
Smart people know more ways to be wrong.
why is 90 percent of the clips trump supporters being bias ? even though you talked equally about both groups but visually so unequal.   the irony is thick
More of a cheap hype and misleading title, sadly, if you pardon my expression. The study just shows that political beliefs are stronger in making decision than numeracy. But in the case of straightforward questioning people prefer to seem more open minded (surprise?). Such study design is well overwhelmed by intrinsic bias capacity. It is much more likely to support authors' discourse than to get a quality data to make scientific decision.
the intuitive answer for me would be a difference in proportions 233/308 cream group ~ 75% saw improvement 107/128 control group ~ 83% saw improvement  the control group saw more improvement proportionally.  using elem. stat. skills we want to know weather or not the cream tends to make the rash better null hypothesis : P1 = P2 the proportion of people who saw improvement is the same between the control and the cream groups Alternate hypothesis : P1 > P2 proportion 1 is greater than proportion 2 where P1 or proportion 1 is the proportion of people who saw improvement using the cream, and P2 or proportion 2 is the proportion of people who saw improvement in the control group
To the point. Obviously at some point the more intelligent you are the easier it will be for you to answer the question. Be it 130, 140, 150 or 160 iq or some better measurement of intelligence.
Are people genuinely scoring worst or are they getting the right answer from the data but saying the wrong answer on purpose to support their political view point?
I dont know how i get it right. Im stupid huh😭
Uhhhhh, that problem was easy to solve and I'm highly intelligent. I'm an anomaly I guess.
Finally, something I'm good at
Why was it "scary" to see that the people in the other political party were "behaving just like our group" after all? Why is it that we believe that the "other" people are so different and only want to make things worse?  I'd go as far as: i think most people would agree on most ideas, if presented the same thoughts. But through modern social media, we're becoming victims of our own beliefs and bubbles really fast. If i was new on Youtube and watched a single video on "Republicans good Democrats bad", i'd be shown another one of those videos, from that political belief. And this then starts the polarization. If i only consume this information for 20 years, what should be expected, when this basically crafts my reality?  Modern social media is the basis on which we're polarizing our socities, even if we're all not so far from the other group as we might think. We all want the best for us and our children. Why can't we just accept that?  In my eyes, social media is the culprit of these problems, and the media isn't doing a good job on making it any better. THIS should've been investigated 30 years ago already, when the first social media platforms were created. But i guess this won't change if we only have legislators which either only want to work WITH those big tech companies to gain more votes, or if the legislators are so out of touch with social media that they can't really grasp the topic...  But sure, idolizing single people and letting them "debate" is gonna magically solve all those problems for sure ...  I'm not even from murica, but from Europe, and we always do whatever you guys are doing just 10-20 years later. I hope we can both learn from this. I hope i didn't frame this comment too much in either political side. In case you feel that way, i really didn't mean to.
I'm curious how the gun question was presented. For instance, if it was described as "gun related violent crimes" then this would hold up.  However, if guns are made illegal then there is now one additional thing for which people can be charged with a crime, i.e. simply possession.
Seems like just a dumb trick question honestly.  If we assume 298 people in each group the control and the cream group.  Then 107 improved in the control, vs 21 worsened, vs 170 had no improvement and no worsening.  Then the cream group has 223 improved,  75 worsened, and 0 had no change.   So 54 worse than the control and 116 improved over the control group for a net gain of 62 improved over the control.    If on the other hand the whole point is to try and claim that the cream group had 298 participants and the control group only had 128 participants, then it should be stated in the question.   Without any other data, I think it's normal to assume the control and experimental group have the same number of participants, otherwise it would need to be stated, as it's a critical piece of information in any study.  Basically it's a stupid trick question that people get wrong because they make the perfectly reasonable assumption that the control group is the same size as the experimental group.
The only thing I would want to answer to any of those questions is: I need more detailed data and the details of how they got to those numbers.
Intelligent people aren't necessarily better at arriving at the correct conclusion, they are better at rationalizing whatever conclusion they reached.
Not to brag but I got it wrong. Serious comment though... Isn't this "data" incomplete therefore open to different assumptions? On the skin care question I was imagining a third group of "no change." I guess to me it should have been more clear that the presented outcomes were the only outcomes.
TLDR Title: "Canadian discovers that shoving a camera in someone's face changes how they respond to political questions."
I found the way that the question is worded difficult to parse.  On the card it shows "crime improved" with a green arrow pointing up, people could interpret it that crime increased rather than it improved because it decreased
I cannot recommend you to use that crème.
Society would fall apart without this effect.
If you didn’t take the proportionality into account you aren’t very smart 🤔
For exactly 3 seconds I was excited about the fact that I got the answer right and then I realized that that means . . . Dang it!
Of course people will see what they want to see. If they just listened to me (always and objectively correct) everything would be perfect. Utopia.
the game was rigged from the start. bias, election choice, the cream test, what have you.
Stuff like this should be taught more and talked about way more; philosophy, ethics, social studies etc. One of the best classes I took in university was just a generic first year science class but it had the most informative lectures as the lectures went through examples exactly like this and tried to teach you critical thinking. Basically each lecture was a mini-TED talk as shown in this video. It makes you ask "why" to everything that happens and question everything within reason, makes you go do your own research and studies to come to your own conclusions.   This type of thinking and scientific process is something that is taught and learned. No one is born like this. But we do not teach it anywhere in school or media so people never learn and always repeat the same mistakes.  Also worth touching on sample size, as statistics is another thing the human brain simply can't understand. Anything with a suspiciously low sample size can be biased extremely easily to push an agenda just by stretching out graphs in certain ways. Always ask the question "if this test was repeated would the same results occur" and if the answer is unsure, and there are no other tests to check, then move on with life as the sample size isn't relevant to you anymore. There appears to be significant data to back this study but I'd have to look into how they managed their control groups. This entire test could provide completely different results in a different sample.
Imagine a direct democracy, no figureheads
The one thing I disagree violently with this video about, is tribalism being rational. Pragmatism is not rationality.
3:02 lmao
Thanks buddy….you’ve had a lot of very complex subjects recently but can you do more of these psychology videos
Knowledge is a pyramid, you cannot accept a new truth that contradicts the entire foundation you have built in your mind, you need to remove the stones and replace them with new ones that match the new piece.  The phenomenon observed in the video has nothing to do with the political context (except for the fact that when it comes to politics, everyone thinks they are an expert), but rather with having prior knowledge about the subject in the experiment.  If the first experiment were done with skin care experts, they would also have difficulty accepting data that contradicted their beliefs, because it would mean discarding several foundation stones of their knowledge pyramid.  Random people have almost no foundation on the subject, so it is easier for them to absorb the information.
10:22 the biggest difference between the tribes globally is really a spectrum of how utilitarian you are. Do you want a society where everyone does well and there are policies to ensure that or do you want to live in a society where you have to work and fight for whats yours and as long as you and your family or small community are doing well you want government to stay out of the way. That’s really what makes someone left or right. And it is a fundamental difference. It transcends race, religion, age. So if you debate or discuss issues with someone outside your tribe you need to understand where they fall on that spectrum because if for example you are liberal public healthcare makes sense because you think everyone should have healthcare. If you are conservative its not your job to pay for someones heart surgery after they had a poor diet for 40 years.
right wing and left wing are the biggest most effectiv circus the gov do to distract the masses
What is interesting is on the political question, the people start talking about gun control and not the numbers. They seem to completely ignore the actual numbers.  Of coarse this could also be due to selective editing.
Trump 2024. Cope and seethe using the scientific method.
The presentation of the rash problem is more mathematical, and the presentation of the gun control problem is more political. So people are more inclined to rely on their numeracy for the rash problem (hence the results are proportional to numeracy), but more inclined to rely on their political beliefs and intuitions for the gun control problem (hence the polarization).  You didn't show footage of the interviewer actually explaining and asking the questions, which is a mistake imo. This provides more context on the thought process of the interviewees. I get that these interviews are only meant to reproduce the results of other studies, but I think you could have edited in these details for a more robust reporting.
10:23-10:35 This reminds me of the “new atheist” movement in the 2000s. The problem with those people was not what they said. The problem was they said that and did the opposite (dawkins and harris preferring the christian west over the muslim east and ayaan hirsi ali becoming a “cultural christian”). Goes to show ya that everybody knows they shouldn’t say “yeah I play for a team,” but they play for a team.
Dan Kahan meet Willow Kahn :O
this isn't really a problem over intelligence making you overlook things, this is just a 'read carefully" problem
What about me?  I don't care what the tribe thinks.  Tribes are stupid.
As an example of bias, you will notice that he never showed footage of democrats being shown and failing the same test. You will also notice that he passively demonized republicans the day before the presidential election. He made a video about how we ought to be more objective with our reasoning, but it was actually sketchy propaganda.
dude sent overstreet to the street 🔥🔥🔥
Ok so how are the subjects that answered the wrong answers "smarter"?  I see nothing but a dumb attempt to make people think that the "right thing" and/or right way is for people to prefer higher positives than less worse negatives  It's probably more often than not not the case (think of goat and 2 cars example)
i blame the media for the polarizing effects of political debate.  Sensationalizing as much as possible has become a marketing strategy as well as having entertainment value.  And many people become swept up in the by the tide of BS peddled by media sources.  Individually, humans can be extremely astute.  But put them in a group and they all start behaving like chickens.
Divide and conquer...
Unequal group sizes can really mess with the interpretation of results. When one group is way bigger than the other, it can actually skew the data—either by amplifying or diluting the effects you're trying to measure. This can lead to misinterpretation if you're not careful.  Plus, with unequal sizes, you need to be cautious even when using percentages to balance things out. Sometimes, normalizing the data or looking deeper into the results is necessary to get a clearer picture.
My view point is the data is the data. I agree with data all the time. But then what? I don’t make the laws or the decisions.
I think the biggest factor here is humbleness and specifically the lack there off. I would say that taking this to a country like, say japan, afghanistan or bosnia herzegovina would show that the people who are smarter yet more humble, are more likely to put their emotions aside and actually think and see what is going on rather then trying to affect it.   its like I found out when speaking to some of the most huble people I have ever found, the world will continue with or without you, and you are only here for yourself. So help others as much as you can and don't cause harm, and may God lead you to the right path.
I just watched the skin cream one and my first thought was why aren't the testing numbers equal. 198 got the cream, 128 didn't. So, the numbers are apples and oranges.
This is why I say "Don't show me why my bad idea is bad. I know it's a bad idea. Show me a better bad idea and why it works better."
I appreciate your ads, because your engagement with the audience stays strong in them. Also, your ads are relevant, so relevant I listen to these ads and don't mind. Keep it up, appreciate your videos
Hi Derek, I consider myself extremely moderate and I am inquisitive by nature. Test me 😂
Eve of election. Foxtrot Uniform.
It's literally enlightening to see the "confirmation bias" in action. What this also shows is that the "smarter" you are, the more prone to confirmation bias you are!
The study is flawed, the more literate people are more likely to bring past knowledge into the conversation and distrust the data presented by the study.  It would Change a lot if the moderator explained this is not actually about the study results, doing so would nullify the purpose of the study.
the same thing with flat earthers...
Partisan politics rots the brain!
wait so..... some tard saying "bigger number is better" = smart?
- Click fun math video to distract myself from politics - Look inside - Politics
I think that I am decent with math. I thought about the problem for 10 seconds, and noticed that people who used the cream were more likely to be negatively affected by the cream. And because the video title said that people good with math were likely to get the answers wrong, i figured the answer would be the opposite. Nope, I was right, and apparently people just missed the obvious.
Initial thoughts before watching the video, 298 people used the cream and 128 didn't among those that used the cream slightly more than 1/4 got worse and slightly less than 3/4 improved, in the no cream sample only about 1/6 got worse whilst 5/6 got better, it's logical to assume that had the pattern held and the samples were the same size then the no cream would have been better. - Ah apparently that's correct, I wonder if that makes me smarter, dumber or an outlier.
So really, it's "dumber people are consistently more wrong, but smarter people aren't consistently more _right"_
a video like this makes you wonder why media outlets are so hell bent on dividing us (who owns the media outlets by the way, starts with a J and rhymes with blue)
Me intentionally getting all answer wrong, god damn if I'm smart
i knew i is more smurt
Interesting. To me this screams "Badly presented data!"
8:20 This actually has nothing to do with the political context, but rather with having prior information on the subject.  If the first survey were conducted among skin care professionals, they would be quite skeptical of results that contradict their previous beliefs on the subject, because they believed that they were well-founded and tested.  This actually happens frequently in the scientific community; all old knowledge that has already been extensively tested takes precedence over new data that contradicts it, no matter how valid and well-structured it may be. It takes time and several tests to digest the "new truth".  The real phenomenon that should have been highlighted by the video is how when we enter a political context, suddenly everyone is an expert. People trust their sources and repeat what they say as if it were proven academic knowledge, and the fact that this happens to both sides turns it into a question of faith and alliance.
my rationality  was different. I assumed that if this was an experiment, both side would have equal amount of people testing it and since there was a different in the total. I had also assumed that this is a trick question which they hidden the value of those who feel that they had no different whether using or not using the cream. Hence 223+ people actually had their rashes improved means it is more then the 107 who did not use the cream. So the cream helped more people.
@10:15 That "burden" is entirely manufactured by the powerful, the corporate business's, media that profit from the polarization.
These are not bright people. Maybe relatively, but really, very few humans are actually smart. The rest of us just benefit from the geniuses.
4:18 No way bro made this video with political agenda 💀
The data in the table is great for illustrating the video point, but that’s not the correct way to measure whether crime decreases or increased, it’s all statistics and it won’t reflect the real reason, it could very much that crime decreased because most criminal died by previous crimes or get caught
Reporting as clickbait. You didn’t question any smart people. “Uhhh because that number is bigger!” is a stupid persons mentality
9:42 man as a jill stein voter my tribe is very small lmao sometimes you just gotta stand out I guess
I watched this one and really saw the results of a problem that I've been trying to figure a way to the bottom of for a while now... Partisanship is really hurting a lot of the way we progress as a society, I think... I think there are two effects going on here; People don't tend to like to follow ideas they tend to like to follow people. There are some amazing examples of this in society generally, with people taking opinions from footballers etc at the extreme, but there are also a range of examples where people have falsified scientific paper contents or deliberately misinterpretted data to produce deceptive outcomes... The result of that is that the partisanship erodes respect for and trust in our scientific communities and other edifices of our society, resulting in exactly what you see here. The reason this result is happening is because people are assuming that there's misconduct behind the generation of the numbers, not that they don't trust the numbers... I think that's an important distinction to make, considering that we're drawing conclusions from this... Secondly, I agree strongly with your end conclusion that we need curiosity, but I also think we need to learn to listen and to be less judgemental and I think that needs to start with removing the exclusion punishment when we disagree with people. This has been on the rise in the last two decades, with defund and deplatform campaigns focussing on attempting, to destroy people and organisations that behave or think "wrongly"... This is a social censorship program designed to result in exactly what you're seeing here... I assume that a reasonable proportion of people aren't confused about the numbers, but provided an incorrect answer anyway. It would be genuinely interesting to look at this and see whether there'd be a way to get that data out.  I guess what I'm saying here is that this is all a result of people being strongly partisan and, in some cases, people abusing trusted systems to prevent opposing viewpoints from being considered... The outcome of this partisanship is that our society as a whole suffers...   I really think that the answer is to help and facilitate people discussing ideas openly and to be tolerant of viewpoints that people disagree with. I've had some really interesting discussions with flat earthersa and people in opposition to 5g specifically because I'm not judgemental about it and I want to understand their viewpoint... I've also had a range of discussions where I was wrong and learned as well... None of that happens if everyone just yells "you're wrong".
crime improve and green arrow up... and for video it is changed to increase/decrease :D is it incopetence or malice? There is surely causality between controversial topic and ambiguous questions... I came up multiple times to conclusion that when we discussed real meaning of the words we used that we actually agree while it seemed like we strongly opose each other opinion... Most of the time people have no will to discuss meaning of what they say
Neat. Now plot science curiosity by party affiliation.
Now explain this to people who have an opposing view on it
I got it right so I'm dumb
Exactly what happened to me when I thought I was the only existing infp until I took a personality test and joined an infp community I realised I was not alone
10:00 - 10:36 this is exactly the entire problem and worsening it is considered the solution here?
😮Propaganda19 said that pants on your face works for your health and you did it
Oooo aaaaaa
another way to not fall for such thinking is to stop doing research in (maybe) a dozen countries (at best) and using that to draw conclusions about the entirety of humanity (talking in general, this video's experiment's conclusions may still hold across cultures)
I don’t think avoiding buzzwords will work. The new terms will just become new buzzwords. That’s how current buzzwords appeared in the first place.
I believe you are incorrect in the assertion that conservatives think gun control reduces crime.  In my experience, they think it has no effect on crime.  I wonder how the results would change if that were offered as an option in the study.
I would argue there are different types of intelligence
No joke, I got the question right.....but, I guess I'm not smart?  I have two advanced degrees, in CS, where I studied statistics.....i don't know, you tell me...
As always being smart makes you so undecided and that's why you don't take risks
So, the real question is how do we identify the actors in society that are working towards increasing the divide?  There is plenty of evidence that most people are more alike than they are different.  So for politics to be as extremely polarized as they are now, it would seem to me that there is an active effort to divide people.  Those people are the real enemy of society.
I think the gun question at a first glance could seem not purely mathematical, and that's why people default to their beliefs.  1. For it to "make sense mathematically"  you need to see it as 298 cities in group A, and 128 total cities in group B. Instead of 128 or 298 instances of crimes commited/not commited // worse/better crime // wtv. else. 2. Additionally the icon of gun/ crossed gun could not be obvious at first glance(it wasn't for me as a non English native speaker). 3. Crime worsened/ Crime improved could also lead to confusion.
The title is seriously misleading.
That's why we should be governed by autists. They have no tribe, they don't care what other people think.
My biggest fear is being approached by Veritasium while out and about and looking dumb on camera
I MAY HAVE A CHANCE TO SUCCEED IN LIFE.
Basic human neurobiology. Decisions, opinions, etc., are driven primarily by emotions, not data. In fact, emotions often drive decisions and opinions in spite of data. When people are fed a continuous diet of "information" designed to reinforce their biases, the likelihood real data is going to get past all that approaches zero. We all do it. The difference is that those of us who are aware it is happening seem to have a better chance of truly having an open mind. For everyone else, it's highly unlikely those paradigms will be broken.
I am a bit skeptical on the conclusions of this experiment. The conclusions suggest that both sides are generally the same, tribal oriented humans. Okay fair enough, we have tribal identities, but that does not mean that they are merely ignorant as one would presume from the video. Rather, there are numerous, complex experiences that make up a persons point of view such as background, religion, etc. While the idea of thinking of oneself as purely rational is folly, it is also folly to make general conclusions about a complex political environment and equating them. The argument assumes both sides are equal or just the same, when they are not. The indifference that could arise from this video is problematic because it ignores the particular instances and issues of the day and the reasons behind them. It is easy to say that both are equal, but in reality, there is something fascinating about these movements and it must be expanded upon deeper. I usually enjoy this channel’s takes, but this video doesn’t make sense.
The worldview is shaped by two human characteristics, the processing of information and emotions, the other one is easier and faster.
I don't really understand this. These are clearly "math problems". This is the data, it's not subject to question; it has an objective interpretation; the given task is to present that objective interpretation. A numerate person should be able to say something like: "within what you've defined as the parameters of this math problem, this is the answer. However, I see an agenda behind the way you've set up the problem that I disagree with, and in fact I don't even trust the "facts" as you have presented them".  It does matter how you phrase the question, though. You have to say "based on this data, what do you conclude?" or similar. You can't just present some numbers on a piece of paper and then ask them their actual opinion of a real underlying issue, especially not when your data is actually made up.
hey wtf that's my campus haha
this is really scary! as if human brains weren't inaccurate and biased enough already :(
I think that the smart guys don't even bother to look at the numbers because thay already have an idea on the topic based on past evidence and information, I think if you pointed them out the numbers proportions they still would't change their mind, they'd probably doubt your source (in this case is made up numbers)
Thank you for keeping this neutral. This is what the world needs
I got the first one right because I knew how to do the ratios correctly (compare positive outcome to total group for each group separately, as a percentage, whichever had the higher percentage was better. In this case, ~84% of the control group got better while only ~75% of the experimental group got better)
Numeracy might increase awareness of confounding, hidden variables and suspicion of results
If i become successful im going to quote Veritasium for my training and knowledge in manipulating people 😂
This comment section is my worst nightmare. Everyone suddenly thinks they've become data scientists. 🫣
The main point about political bias affecting logic aside, the presentation of the crime chart is poorly done. While it fits perfectly well with the cream example, it does not just work when you put the way it affects crime with a random number. Not only is it a lot more complex in a way that you cannot properly frame crime in that manner, it also simply doesn't make actual sense. Put on the spot to answer the question might confuse anyone regarding that aspect, as you feel pressured to answer rather than question the premise presented to you.
Popular YouTuber uses platform powers, for good.  Well in, Degsy.
The question with gun law is different though. You are not compairing the same things, It is like you would word rhe cream example: Of people without a rash, 223 didnt get one and 75 got a rash after applying the cream And of people with a rash 107 got rid of it and for 21 it became worse after applying the cream Thats just a lot harded to conclude if the cream helps or not  the cream vs non cream thing means that there is a default good state, where there is no rash and if you font need a cream, you transition into a bad state, the state of having a rash, and from there the chart shows uou how the situation evolvws based on the cream or not.  The gun law is different, you can interpret it in a few different ways. E.g.   - there is no predefined neutral, there either is a law against or a law allowing them, and that law changes and flips in all cities  - There is a law against guns, and that law is removed in some of the cities - there is a law in favour of guns, and now that gets restricted in some of the cities Or some combination of the above  Depending on your stance against guns you might have a bias against one of these options and might assume that what you are in favour of corresponds with the : no rash or rash disappears option
A society based on the veil of ignorance would solve the partisan issues.   > The Veil of Ignorance removes personal biases, compelling individuals to consider the interests of all members of society, ensuring equitable policies and institutions. By considering everyone's interests, the Veil of Ignorance promotes moral consideration and understanding, leading to fairer decision-making.   > The “veil of ignorance” is a moral reasoning device designed to promote impartial decision making by denying decision makers access to potentially biasing information about who will benefit most or least from the available options.
The question was wrong: it should be asked if cream worked better then no cream or not? Because rash improved with and without cream too..
So in conclusion, the video title is a bit lackluster. "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse, IF It Contradicts Their Ideology". And we can examen it everyday, just not in ourselves.
Derek: "There's this particular kind of problem where smart people do worse. So, I asked my American friend..." At that point I laughed so hard, because I thought Derek would continue "... and he solved it in 0.5 seconds" Mocking the average American stereotype, always memeworthy 😂 (just kidding of course)
Ok, now I gotta say Veritasium has lost me completely.  Saying "The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data." a day before the US-election seems pretty hollow when one side literally forces women to for example carry the baby of a rapist to term or keeps blockading aid to people dying from things that every other country easily treats.  And ahh yes, the classic partisan rhetoric term "climate change"... Wtf?   "Meet me in the middle" says the unjust man. You take a step towards him, he takes a step back. "Meet me in the middle" says the unjust man.
Thank you for your service
The main issue here is the control group should have been given a cream without the active ingredient and not "no cream". Poor experimental rigor
It's misleading because the sizes of the groups are disproportionate.
I suspect part of the discrepancy between number literacy and performance is the setting.  When someone is being interviewed, there is going to be more social pressure to conform with tribal beliefs, which means “smarter” people will be less likely to utilize their number literacy to deduce the correct answer.  As viewers of the “data” in our own homes, there is no social pressure.  I suspect the proportion of people who read the prompt in the video and answered correctly is higher than those being interviewed.  I would like to see an iteration of the experiment that attempts to isolate the social pressure factor, perhaps by providing “facts” related to politically divisive issues in a closed room for the person to consider and come to a conclusion.  I believe that, in such an experiment, the more number literate would perform better.
1+1=?? Any answer U have...prove it's wrong
This is a Dunning-Kruger effect by another name...   And it's even worse, because no actual expert is going to accept "data" like the one they presented to the casual public, so it's just the "overly confident" portion of the dunning-kruger plot.
If anything in the politics doesn't make sense, you can think of political parties as crime families, and everything will fit together perfectly.
@10:12 I’m so glad people are seeing this!! Thank you for spreading this message!! We are not more different than we are the same!
😂if improve the rush it is definitely a failure
I usually wind up being g the devil’s advocate…where does that put me?
I love this video
you are all doomed..............................................................................................................................
Extremely Long solution (totally not needed): Probability of it with cream:            C(x)=223/(223+75) -> C(x)=223/298 or about a 75% chance. Without the cream:            W(x)=107/(107+21) -> W(x)=107/128 or a 84%.
The difference on the science curiosity scale is disappointing to say the least.
I suspect that those who "Got it Wrong" on the gun control vis-a-vis Crime Rates question were challenging the "study" showing that gun control reduced crime as NO SUCH STUDY exists. Any such study would simply be wrong from the start.
I'm always doing worse
Wait a second, you couldnt find ONE person who carefully examined the data in the political scenario? Call me an optimist by I'm skeptical of this.
I looked at how many people who used the cream's rash got worse and compared it to how many people who didn't amd concluded that if almost 3/4ths as many people rash got worse than those who didn't use cream at all the cream doesn't work.
Man I came here to escape politics and I was bamboozled
This video is the exact reason why I can not choose one evil or the other. I have always given respect to data and logic and proof based reasoning. I have lost many friends and gained some. At 40, I find that most people who are like me and open to actual facts.. are people who dont vote and arent political. It’s obvious to any objective person that our entire govt is corrupt and is not serving our interests.
People are stupid, understood
I would think gun control isn't what changes crime statistic, but the soft-on-crime stance of all major cities.  Most crime is no longer reported since police won't respond.
This test is ironically biased as it is assumed that "Self reported political affiliations" is an accurate depiction of someones political beliefs.  It would be far less "tribal" to use a political compass test rather than which binary choice a person has selected in terms of the US election candidates. You can then make conclusions based off evidence on a sliding scale which would probably give some interesting results
Am I the only one who sees several levels of trick questioning here? I feel like in this one, we're the test subjects... But that's statistics for ya.
A good thing being a lonely loser is that I don't have a tribe
Being that these numbers ARE fake, does denying them show a lack of critical thinking? The real question to ask when being presented with any data is to verify the sources and scientific methodology.
Political post with comments on 🤐
Good thing last week at school we learned about equivalent ratios
This would be a great topic for a video if the results were reproducible. Unfortunately, they haven't been able to be replicated.
Well, "smart" people NOT considering the actual PROPORTIONS aren't actually so smart ¬¬
I am curious whether the distribution of numeracy is independent of political views.
Can you believe that people have bios?! 🤯
So this is my answer before hearing the result: it depends on want you mean by “make it better”   I think the best answer is the cream didn’t work, because the people who didn’t apply it had better results.  However obviously most of the people who did apply the cream did get better so therefore you could argue the cream did “make it better” it just didn’t make it better as well as doing nothing.
As soon as "Dan Kahan's" name came up, alarm bells rang. Dr. Kahan is one of those people with a Wikipedia page that makes people ask in the Talk Page: "Why does this guy warrant a Wikipedia page?"
The real enemy is the bipartisan system
Me: 'I'm surprised Derek isn't making a political science video so close to elec.....ooooooh I see what you did there.' how long is XAI760K ready for us?
Nice experiment, this reminds me of what happened during the 2020 pandemic, mask vs no-mask where people applying it with politics.
8:45 Men of culture, assemble.
I find it funny that people immediately starting crafting pointless reasonings to the “data” when asked about the gun control thing. Without even looking at any “supporting evidence” to those numbers.  Assuming (assume) makes and ass out of you and me (ASS-U-ME)
the real answer to these questions: These are low sample sizes and as evidence alone cannot conclusively determine any causal effect in either direction.
the problem isn't discuss the data, but how people can manipulate the data to make it serve it's purpose. In that sense, anything that goes against freedom is serving authoritarian masters.
The whole point of language is to communicate! If you are not communicating, why are you making a study about the findings? To make study you first need to make sure that the communication part of language people use is ruled out of the question and every participant can understand the question. If they dont, then you are studying if they understand language, not if they understand your question. You are studying wrong thing within this video and the original study, if it was mispelled and signalled as such it is in this video.
9:47 oh no, people will leave me alone if I don't have popular opinions that aren't politically charged in nature, but out of more sound logic?  sounds like a win to me.
I clicked on this video because I thought Matt from @DIYPerks was in the thumbnail
I lean right, but only because we can't help each other if no one produces.  I was also against nuclear power until I tried writing a paper at university citing how dangerous it is. The data doesn't support the theory. Oops.
I literally don’t understand 99% of politics, so I don’t see myself on this pointless political spectrum. I think the entire idea of it is a bit odd. But when it comes to math, I’m far above average, so this entire video was so strange to me to see how much people just can’t accept change. Many great leaders agree that being able to change your mind is a vital trait to a good leader. I guess this shows why so few can be truly great leaders. Also as a side note just because you convinced a large group of people to follow you, doesn’t make you a good leader, and just because your viewpoints are different from mine doesn’t make you a bad leader.
I think this is a product of how smarter people (at least attempt to) view these questions with a lot more nuance and greater context when it comes to political issues that they are informed about.  With the skin cream examples, most participants who are not dermatologists have nothing but the numbers in front of them to go off of when evaluating the effectiveness, but for most political issues (gun control included) many people have plenty of opinions or data that they have internalized ahead of time. This can be controlled for by being very careful with the presentation of the question, for instance, specifying that the participants should make their judgment solely based on the numbers presented, rather than any data or analysis that they had been previously exposed to.  I think the most productive solutions to the political polarization that you see around these issues comes from mutual discussion and sharing studies, methodologies, information, and ideas openly and honestly. If we can have good faith conversations across political aisles, then we can come to far more reasonable positions. The tribalism hurdle is a serious obstacle, but not an insurmountable one.
If their intuition told them to jump to conclusions without examining the numbers, then they were making 'rash' decisions. I'll see myself out.
An ethics board approved presenting fake studies to thousands of bystanders?  And that's the system working?
"I am not going to claim to have the solution".  My guy, your channel is the epitome of science curiosity!
At least use wording that makes sense, not "improved" and "worsened" on a negative term like crime and rash.  What the hell is an improved crime?? Are the criminals getting smarter?
8:30 "So the numbers are not real what so ever. " "But if I were to look at this pragmatically"  What is bro doing 😭😭😭😭
I can't fall asleep now, I need to research this more! Nice video!
This was silly. The issue the questioner faced was that people were not responding to the question they were asked (re gun control, etc). They were answering a political question thinking their answer reflects on their position to a complex topic. This is the reason for the discrepancy, not that people had a harder time rationalizing the numbers.
Excellent timing on this video. What people need right now is self-analysis, not affirmation.
yeah, well... I think this story shows one of the things that's sometimes wrong with science, both directly, and indirectly by drawing out-of-the-air conclusion that four random numbers shown to me on the street prevent me from giving the "right" answer because I don't wanna "jeopardise the society". might be a good guess but... show me the numbers. preferrably more than four
It's weird but it's hard to watch these interviews for me where the people are trying to use reasoning completely unrelated to the numbers to come up with their answers, it just triggers the "vicarious embarassment" thing which is almost painful.  Why would you ever try to use outside reasoning when presented with specific numbers?  You don't need to reason about the effectiveness or not of gun control, you just have to look at the numbers.  Now I am afraid that I would suddenly lose all reason when interviewed in the street...
My only answer to these data would be: If the number of participants/cities in each group is the same, then skin cream/gun control mostly makes the situation more volatile. Bigger outliers. So if you feel like taking a risk with your skin, go for the cream. Same with guns. If you want things to change because they're bad, try gun control. But it you don't want to risk things getting worse, don't do the cream/gun control.  I feel like that's the statistically most logical conclusion about the numbers. Or at least the only one I'd want to make in this situation.😊
I don't think being political is the only difference between these examples. By virtue of being political, it will have been discussed and researched by many on both sides. They will have been presented with arguments for why numbers that seem to point one way will point in a different way. And those arguments aren't necessarily wrong! When you ask "did the treatment improve/worsen the condition?", you are asking for an interpretation of the data, which means accounting for things like lurking variables and random variation -- this is what the guy at 6:36 is getting at. As a result, people necessarily will bring in other information they have about the world and the situation to adjust for this. Unfortunately, that prior information is biased, and so the conclusion will reflect that bias. But when you ask the same question about skin cream, people don't care, haven't done their research, and so they fall back on the similar but distinct questions "which treatment group has a higher proportion of improving/worsening the condition?", which is an objective numbers game.  The real thing here is that people forget that statistics can lie, until they're being used to present an argument you disagree with.
Derek I have to say I'm a bit disappointed you used the common terminology that considers Republicans "Conservative" and Democrats "Liberal", when the ideological opposite of "Liberal" is "Illiberal", and the ideological opposite of "Conservative" is "Progressive". Up until the GOP's recent tack towards illiberal authoritarianism, there were just as many liberal conservatives as there were liberal progressives, often referred to as "moderates" because Liberalism implies that no opinion is technically correct and differences of opinion are to be respected, those who espouse contrary opinions to yours are not to be dehumanized or charged with attempting to cause harm simply because of their beliefs. I believe that the loss of understanding of what the term liberal means is why democracy is on the decline here and abroad. I wish you would do everything in your power to refuse to use the term liberal to refer to anything other than the philosophical definition of it, and reject the conflation of liberal with progressive wherever you can. Liberalism is the founding principle of this country and our democracy, but the term has been co-opted for political purposes and is being distorted to lose its meaning. I think we are living through the consequence of this right now. Nobody, neither hardcore MAGA supporters nor impassioned progressive activists seem to remember what liberalism actually means, and the false dichotomy between liberal and conservative is to blame.   Gun controls like background checks are acceptable to a liberal, because they involve asking if each individual is capable of handling the freedom responsibly, and if insufficient evidence is found to show they aren't, then it defaults to allowing them the right. But the "we should ban all guns" crowd are espousing illiberal ideology - that "if I cannot understand why you want to have a thing/do an activity/hold a belief, then I choose not to respect your right to do so when a handful of others may use that right to cause harm".   A progressive might see a "pro-life" advocate arguing that women are obligated to be mothers and react strongly, condemning the entire notion as a tool of the patriarchy and decrying that person as a selfish, misogynist bigot. A liberal will simply respond with "it is your right to have that opinion, and it is the right of others to reject that opinion". The liberal isn't bothered that some people think how they live is wrong, they only are concerned with preventing the government from becoming a tool that allows some to impose their beliefs onto others, or to interfere with their decision making process such that they can't follow their own individual moral compass.  Liberalism means accepting that, when in doubt, we put the individual liberty first, and we care about the means, rather than just the methods, of improving society. (sidenote, libertarianism is just liberalism blended with a stubborn refusal that there is no forest, only trees, aka there are no collective problems only individual problems. Its liberalism with blinders on.). A liberal knows you don't need to make owning a gun illegal, you just need to make using it in a dangerous way illegal. Yes - a life may have been spared if this person who had a gun was prevented from having a gun by a blanket law banning all guns. But per liberal calculus, you are not allowed to weigh the value of a life against the privileges of millions. They are measured in different units and are incomparable, and no objective result can be obtained from the comparison. If a bad thing is happening (deaths from gun violence) and there's a way to stop it (banning civilian gun ownership) that does not first ask if the people being affected by the prevention are all contributing to the problem, then it is neither acceptable to implement that solution, nor is it acceptable to ignore the problem the solution is trying to solve. The Liberal response must be to insist there must be another solution to the problem, and to assert that, even if the other solution is less absolutely effective, it is still correct.   The core problem of governance is that every law and ruling has unintended effects. Every single law or ruling hurts some people and helps others. The goal with governance should not be to eliminate the problems we face, because as you try to stomp out problems in society with extreme prejudice, the bootprints are the nucleation site for new problems. The true goal when putting forward new legislation or enacting a new policy must be to create as few new problems for people as possible, so even if the solution isn't complete in its mission, it is the best solution for not creating new problems. If all we ever do is beat our own drums and ignore the problems that other Americans are having with our solutions, then it just becomes an oscillating pattern of outrage.
I’m just confused I’m over here like bruh just use proportional reasoning like the left side number goes from 100 to 200 roughly which is a 2x increase so the number on the right should follow the same rule but since it’s actually a higher than a 2x increase the top is better no matter the item aka gun or cream
Members of religious cults tend to be above average intelligence.  You need to be, to justify your false beliefs.
One thing i will say is that the way the diagram is presented made me analyze the data differently.  If the X and Y axis were inverted i would have compared directly how many people worsened with or without cream.   Im guessing this is due to the fact that im used to reading left to right instead of up to down. It would be an interesting study to see how many people get the answer right in places where they read and write up to down.
Using the math I have learnt, p-hat = x/n, rash with cream: 223 / 298 = 0.748. Rash without cream: 107 / 128 = 0.836. x = favorable outcome, n = total sample, therefore the cream makes the rashes worst. p-hat is sample proportion btw
Um, this paper failed to replicate.  Delete this.
Think again
You can’t deal with a problem that can be avoided, like climate change…..and not bring up how it can be avoided.  It’s bot a house fire we are fleeing from.   It’s a life we are living day to day.
I thought this video was about smart people overthinking simple questions, thus giving the wrong answers
Politics with a two party system is about winners and loosers not right or wrong. People just play the game correctly, if they are smarter they play harder and focus much more on optics that actual believes
Don't be attached to the outcome.
USA has cancer, Derek and in lieu of free speech you could call it AIPAC
polarization has become quite the problem in this country in recent years, its good veritasium has shed some light onto it
As a man of science this horrifies me but doesn't surprise me.
Don’t let your hope die
3:03 trump voters…
Genius study design
Well I guess now we are afraid to get questions right then
The human mind has powerful self justification mechanisms. Whatever your decision was, you will find ways to justify it. And if you’re particularly smart, then you’re particularly good at justifying your mistakes without acknowledging them.    The best one can hope for is to slowly and arduously fight through this mechanisms. You can eventually overcome them and accept the data that contradicts your deeply held beliefs. It takes time   The bad news is that ideologues are very aware of this and hard at work entrenching their agenda into large portions of the population. Once there they will be extremely hard to extricate now matter how, sometime extremely obviously, wrong they are.
Laughs in centrist.
People who got that wrong arent smarter. Obviously the sample sizes are different and the ratio compared to no cream is what's important. 🙄
Don't vote for Biff with the Almanac tomorrow!
Yeah, okay, people are basically the same. Republican and Democrat leaders, however, are not.
Here's something to consider: if you were to present the statement "I believe that billionaire elites are responsible for most of society's problems," you'd likely get an overwhelming "agree" response from both sides of the political aisle. Yet if the statement were "I believe that the information presented by mainstream media is mostly truthful and accurate," one side would give you a _significantly_ higher "agree" count than the other, despite it being common knowledge that the mainstream media is owned and controlled by the very same billionaire elites both sides blame for most of society's problems. I've always found this stark disconnect fascinating, but the information in this video might be a valuable clue towards understanding why it exists.
I feel that the title of the video is a little misleading, but maybe that was the point.  When I was watching the video, I was like "Okay, so how am I going to get this wrong?" and it turns out, I didn't get it wrong. I even noticed that the words were swapped at 3:03 and 3:14 (Could have happened earlier though), before you mentioned that they were swapped. I then thought that it was shown for a reason... I watched and waiting for something to catch me, but it never came.  One thing that it did do though, was made me think "In what ways could these numbers not actually mean anything?", "What if these numbers aren't accurate?" (Batch tests swinging one way and another swinging the other by pure chance), etc. At one point in the video, you said that the numbers weren't real, so it had to be hypothetical, as an assumption of real/accurate numbers as a "What if these were the real numbers".... I guess it did throw my brain for a loop because I kept expecting to get caught out on something and it kept me guessing what that was going to be.
Perhaps it suggests that strong numeracy skills don’t necessarily indicate intelligence.
This study never replicated :) it's total garbage
And how smart am i for predicting the ground news ad at the end when only 5 mins in? Hamburger menu>dont recommend channel... maybe do a video on how shitty ads are.
The issue you are not highlighting is that there are key fundamental issues on each side that mean you will or won't vote for them. If you suddenly start agreeing or disagreeing with gun control, but you also have a very strong opinion on immigration, it might not change your political leaning. I know there are lots of things I disagree with in the party I choose to vote for's manifesto. However, there are key issues that the other parties and I will simply never agree on either. So I choose to vote for the party who represents me in the best way possible.
Sorry, but the gun control question *is not* the same question as the skin cream question contrary to your claim at 7:00.  In the skin cream question, the patients who receive skin cream are chosen randomly.  Random selection is a kind of intervention.  Interventions block the action of 𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑠.  In the gun control question, the cities are merely observed to have enacted legislation.  Observation does not block confounders.  Therefore, the people answering are rightly injecting the effect of confounders based on their subjective knowledge.  If you wanted to fix your experiment, you should word it something like: "We chose random cities and forced them to enact gun control legislation.  This is what we observed.  Did gun control increase crime?"  The keywords here are "random" and "forced".  This is the basis of a randomized control trial, which is the most basic experimental setup for causal identification.
This is literally just fckin fractions...
Great study
...and that's why f!€@% politics, i believe what i see and deduct by myself ;)
Everyone is stupid when it comes to political beliefs.
No 7:22, the difference here is that people already know (or think they already know) something about the statistics....  Unlike the cream they know nothing about, your figures swapping the data are difficult to interpret because they very likely don't actually match any real data that people have already learned..... You may get onto this point later because you're a smart person and generally do.... But 7:26  at this point in the video, that's my take.   I'm now bracing to be corrected 😬  Yeah nah. I've clearly missed the point of this video.   You're saying that if you walk up to people and present bogus data and ask them to interpret it, that they may get it wrong.   I don't know why they don't ask you where you got the data and what eight cities they are.   If this was about gun control I'd be expecting to see a reduction in some sort of figures.... Number of children who blew their own heads off with mummy's shopping pew pew.... Or maybe gun crime.  Because that is what you WOULD see.  I wouldn't be so stupid as to not look at the data and do the same proportional assessment.... But I'd be asking you who you represent and where you got your dodgy data.
"Burden of information bias"
Stay curious. Like a cat 🐈
Whoa! Missing a key point. Take the gun control question and make the data suggest a certain coding language is more efficient and see all the python and c++ supporters reactions. The thing is, there is a 3rd group. The people that don't code at all. So it might not be what tribe you're part of, but that you have knowledge on the subject. If you don't code you don't have any information to add, but if you do code using one or both of those languages you might have ideas why the data is presented that way. I don't code so sorry if those two programs aren't comparable
"The sense of belonging" is a scary thing
Guys I got a 0 😢
VERITASIUM IS ON A ROLL WITH THESE UPLOADS
I think he leaves out important information about the skin care problem. From the information he gives you could make the interpetation that the same amount of people use the different creams and some better, some worse and some stay the same. Thats how I interpeted it. But In the original it seems to specify that there are no neutral. If that is the case then its realy basic
This to me is a no-brainer... since the control-group for the cram had a 83% improvement, while the test group only had a 75% improvement, that would mean the control group was better off by approximately 8%.   Of course, multiple studies would need to be conducted, to reduce the other variables (outside factors) in the study, but from this single test, the control group did 8% better. I find the vast majority of people are terrible at "word problems" like this, because they don't understand how to translate real-world problems into representative numerical values. And YES, it is even worse in politics, because most people ignore logic or critical thinking, and allow their personal bias/prejudice to dictate their own reality.
I’d be curious to see this study tried on those identifying as “independent” or “libertarian” since those two groups (claim to) have a lot of people who can’t align easily with either of two dominant parties.     I’m also curious how it would work with people who recently switched parties. Are they giving more  consideration to each issue, or are they just “swapping churches,” going all in on a new whole belief set in place of the old one.
Thank you for this! Incredibly well done.
Maybe you need to ask some ware else then in the political party meeting. Of course that people there will have strong politic opinions. Regular folks will be less bias I guess.
This just confirms for me that the general population is emotionally driven and not data driven...which drives me absolutely insane because I thrive on data and statistics for decisions that should be driven by data and statistics.  The idea of changing your beliefs when presented with new evidence is a preposterous starting point. Beliefs are things created in the absence of evidence, and therefore have no place in any discussion or decision in which there is evidence.
Being given non partisan sources helps me change my mind. For example, the congressional budget office studies has helped change my mind on certain issues.
I've heard that this study can't be replicated
Moral of the story, a strong alignment with politics will cause even an intelligent person to throw reason out the window.
I GOT IT RIGHT! …wait
All of this only applies if the people have to interpret the data themselves. That's not the case in politics. Scientists don't just release numbers without conclusion. They will tell us what the data means. And one party will ignore the scientific consensus much more than the other party does.
No one escapes biases entirely, not even smart people. That fact should humble us all. As for the original question, I used proportional reasoning to solve it. Hard to believe only that white-haired guy and I used math, and it’s simple math. The dumbing down of America. I blame the school system.
I think this is the same reason otherwise intelligent people sometimes believe things that don't conform with reality. Their intelligence gives them the ability to rationalize irrational ideas.
Great work! Ideology and any "us/them" mindset trully hinder us all
Both adding gun control and removing gun control reduces crime? Let's just ping pong switch around to a crime free utopia.
1:40 i used percentage and my answer was right now i should be happy or sad  😂 😂
Ironic that groundnews is sponsor as they rubberstamp newsnation as highly factual which is a jewish mossad satanic lies outlet. but do you have integrity to call them on it, Derek or is your integrity for sale for silver pieces. As if you didn't have enough. Can I assume that you voted for the ongoing genocide as well.
that lady in 3:10 .. I have the greatest respect for you guys that you can talk to people like that without ridiculing them.
STOP LETTING THEM POLITICIZE EVERYTHING!
Follow science and facts or fall for anything.  Any full on MAGA simps there’s no hope for you to do that  anyway so stay lost.  You are 20% of the population we could live without.
I got brainwashed by Uni. First question that popped into my head: How many of the rashes stayed the same? Were there equivalent amounts of people in control and intervention group, possibly due to drop outs?
So i had to stop the video and write this comment i felt like.  Your example of local Florida officials tackling sea rise instead of discussing whether climate change is manmade or not is a false equivalency. If you believe that climate change is causing sea level rise then tackling the rising sea levels is a band-aid solution to a larger issue. Its like solving an epidemic by focusing on increasing treatment for sick patients instead of focusing on preventing spread of the disease.
If "smart people" did worse on these questions, they weren't very smart.
Welcome to the core of the "divide and conquer" method used by politicians. The problem is always with the neighbor and never with the system cause if we'd get along we'll probably go against them.
Well, i immediately thought that the rash was obviously going away on its own a lot and based on the numbers concluded that the cream doesnt work. Does that make me stupid? 🤔
It's crazy that climate change is politically divisive
i didn't understand numeracy score clearly. how do you define the numeracy score? asking some questions ? what does that mean ?
Lame ass click bait title
What i don't get about the Graph at 7:07 ist why all 4 combinations tend to give the wrong answer, when they have low numeracy. For conflicting worldviews i get, that you are biased (as can be seen for all levels of numeracy). But why are also the people with low numeracy (i.e. people that more or less guess) getting it wron, when the data does fit their worldview.  Even though i dont think this is correct, it seems as if people with low numeracy, expect to have the "wrong" view and then give the opposite answer. Again this does not seem right to me, at least to such a significant extend.
Actually for the skin cream question you can't just look at proportion. You have to do a chi square in order to say whether the difference is due to statistical fluctuation.  Moreover the gun crime question is different from the skin cream one because the skin cream data presumably is from a controlled experiment like a clinical trial. The gun question data are observational and many factors might not be controlled for. The populations might be different in other ways than captured in a crosstab. That is never the correct way for that kind of investigation where many factors might be relevant.
When it comes to politics, Americans seem to be extremely polarised. Is this study relevant for other countries? Multi party democracies?
A lot of people don't care about truth they just wanna be accepted in the tribe, i don't really like other people all that much and i prefer to be alone most of the time, so the tribe stuff doesn't really affect me at all. It is isolating though but its not like there's anyone really worth being around most of the time anyway.
Just look at countries with no guns and u can compare less guns means automatically less gun crime and i am not a democrat but more of a republican because of the morals the the republicans have
first glance i got it wrong but i paused it and figured it out. maybe im mid lol
Did anyone else just instinctively add the 21, 107, and 75 to get 203? 223 is a larger number than 203 so the creme improved the rash on more people than it diddnt...how is this not the right answer?
The real take away from this is how political parties pit us against ourselves, all to justify their own existence.
For this first question (skin cream), I would not agree what is "correct" due to ambiguity.  This is like comparing two groups – one earned $500 working hard, the other earned $800 doing nothing. And then asking "did the first group get richer?" Sure they did! They also got poorer compared to the group that did nothing, but if the group that did nothing is selected as the baseline, then we would not even say they got richer ("improved") – earning $800 while doing nothing would just be the default neutral state ("nothing changed").
i would like to see this test done with big 5 personality traits included as well, especially openness to experience to see if your selfreported test of your personal beliefs about who you are is accurate/impacts the accuracy of your reasoning.
“Number dont lie but people do” you can make numbers say whatever the hell you want
the lesson to be learned is to love each other ❤️ 💕 💗
Another video that should be watched by everyone!
This video demonstrates a superficial understanding of the problem.
Being a Veritasium video and the intro, I really questioned my answer. One ratio was clearing higher than the other. But I figured there was something I was missing, some statistical problem that it takes a really smart person to know. Oh, it turns out people just pick whatever number is higher? Really? Ok, that's a different kind of problem.
I've done research in this area (numeracy and decision-making) and I would argue to take some of these studies and their results with a grain of salt. That isn't to say you should assume the studies or the results to be wrong or meaningless, but a number of the primary current numeracy researchers and researchers like Ellen Peters (second author on the paper referenced) and Ed Cokely (big numeracy guy) have a pretty strong bias in favor of their pet hypotheses and theories (they aren't unique in this, I've just been around it being in the same field). They really push to make their results seem more counter-intuitive and buzzworthy than it often deserves. Many of them also receive way way way more grant funding than the average researcher and thus have a greater than average financial incentive to publish attention-grabbing research like this.  Again, I'm not saying it's all wrong or implying it's fabricated, just maintain a healthy bit of skepticism.
What a terrible way of presenting data though
"The smarter you are, more likely you are to get it wrong".. Damn! I thought this video was going to be about COVID!
Crazy
I think you’re trying to say the diff ending is “canine”
I love that this took an anthropological spin. Acknowledging your bias is a very difficult task, but important to keep at the forefront of your mind when analyzing a new information. Experiments like this demonstrate it beautifully. It never hurts to ask yourself, how does my culture/society shape my worldview?
I take some issue with your title – it's typically *average* people who do worse – people at the top deciles generally still performed best. It would be interesting to interrogate the decision making for the people in the lowest deciles – were they essentially just picking randomly, meaning that the question itself was irrelevant?
Then there is me. I know gun control is ineffective in the USA. The prevalence of guns will still cause an increase in gun crime (duh). It sounds like they understand the results, but are reasoning the data to rationally explain REALITY with data without any context. This is what happens when media attempts to manipulate everyone. Nobody trusts without a millions sources. I certainly don't. To believe "gun control" works, we would need more than just being told it does.   -A Texas leftist.
Humanity reaches for the stars, but tribalism keeps pulling us back to the stone age
I never discuss climate change but rather that pollution is bad.
At 7:40 he said he was using percentage points rather than percent. I don't think that's correct. 25 percentage points worse would be zero people getting out right. Besides, you would expect someone already with a lower score to have a fewer percentage points shift.
why do i feel people with a numeracy number below a 4 click off this video within the first 4 minutes... lol bye,.
Browsing through the comments, it appears that the number of choices offered could be part of the occurrence of bias. This could indicate that the level of bias becomes less when multiple choices - as in more than just two - are offered. The football game of US politics is the ultimate choice of two and therefore, perhaps, also the ultimate source for bias. One could conclude that in a political system that offers a mere 'choice of two',  no real and lasting solutions will ever be possible.
Go back to making more of this type of video please. Way easier to follow than the real complicated science'y ones you make with endless graphics of numbers and charts.
something that confused me was that in the control group there are more subjects where nothing changed at all which isn't particularily great either. that's why i thought that despite the increased risk it could still be a viable option.
Questions are not comparable.   Video is correct  in saying bias will stop people from interpreting the data in front of them correctly...but not to the degree implied.  It doesn't take into account that people recognize the study is nonsensical. Before study, crime rates have an impact on effect, and laws are not blindly implemented. When a study is so blatantly fake, people will default to biases. People better with numbers are morw likely to recognize thw study is nonsensical and rightfully ignore the numbers. On if a study looks that bogus, it was probably manipulated to be the opposite of a real answer. I took several years of statistics. If your study isnt set up properly, i will assume with a high degree of accuracy the opposite  true and statistically id be right. Doesnt mean i dont understand what the data in front of me implies.
wait, if the probability of getting correct is lower between 4 and 6 that at 0 or 1 does that means midwits are scientifically proven?
this is some government level stupidity.  "smart" people ha!  ~ inigo montoya.  protip actual smart people know how ratios work :P
wooosh
I'm not from America, and this is freaking crazy to me...
All this is proving is that Dumb people are happier LOL Less polarized and open to just live life and be happy. Maybe we should return to monkey
Wow! Great video.  It's so important to get to the bottom of how we all became so polarized in our views.  I don't think it's hyperbole to say that the fate of the world depends on it.
I tend to approach issues with an investor’s mindset. I’d rather be correct about my assessment than feel good about being correct. The market doesn’t care about my feelings.   Hence, I’m often a spoiler with those in my group who parrot beliefs that are consistent with their own without question. Being in an echo chamber on either side of an issue does no one any good even if it feels comforting.
There is an extra dimension. If you move some democrats in a republican social group they will turn republican by a high chance and vice versa. There is not much rationality in political affiliation when people are in an minority position.
If my opinion is based on lots of independent data, and you present me with one study that seems to contradict the rest of the evidence, of course I will be sceptical. With skin cream, there aren't that many studies that I'm aware of, so I will interpret the numbers from a position of indifference. But with guns, the evidence that less gun control leads to more crime is very clear. So if you present me with that one contradictory study, I will be very sceptical. On the other hand, if my opinion is based on pure belief, I will also be very sceptical of something that goes against my beliefs. And again, beliefs about skin cream are very weak or non-existent, while beliefs about gun control are very strong. I don't think this study shows what the authors are claiming it shows.  On another, but related, note: what were the data shown to the participants on climate change?
11:41 Are you saying that democrats are more likely to believe in global warming? o.O And I've been naive enough to think that it was a matter of understanding science rather than believing xD
All I can concentrate on is someone having a beard but shaving anyway
Who doesn't do that?  Autistic people like me.  Letting the facts alter my opinions has cost me friends, allies, jobs, etc.  I don't recommend it.
I came here through the channel Engenharia Detalhada ❤
The data is rigged and manipulated, that’s why
They interviewed 1,111 Americans... So no intelligent people then.
The data used in this imaginary experiment was deliberately chosen to trigger spontaneous answers. Firstly, very different sample sizes were chosen for the experimental and control groups, making a direct comparison difficult. Secondly, a very strong difference between the two results (improved/deteriorated) was chosen in both groups, and prime numbers (223 and 107) were even used on the left-hand side to discourage probands from calculating the ratios in their heads accurately. They also only give two possible answers (whether the experiment showed that the skin condition of people treated with the cream was more likely to “get better” or “get worse.”) which may lead probands to think that the table must show a clear difference between the two groups. I also found no information on how much time the probands had to answer this question… However, a look at the statistics shows that it is debatable whether there is a significant difference between the groups at all, as a normal chi-square test gives a p-value of p = 0.0472 and using the Yates correction, p > 0.05. Also the entire experimental setup is vague, controls missing, etc. So if I had to answer this question I would say that the experiment and data is not good enough to  make a statement about the creams effect on skin condition (even if you look at the results without a statistical test). As a side note, please never use the word ‘significant’ when you don't show results of statistical tests like at 1:42. I'd like to see what the trial results look like when you use more ‘normal/scientific’ data.
The “being ostracised from the group is almost as bad as walking off a cliff” line really caught me off guard ngl
I caculated the percentage of people's rashes who got better I found the cream group around 70% got better but the control group around 80% got better. I'm not entirely sure this was my conclusion.
On the "people from opposing sides look like each other", you usually can find that wide differences of point of view can originate from a small difference in core beliefs/opinions.  If you take something as trivial as "life is hard therefore people should be rewarded for making the most out of it" as opposed to "life is hard therefore everyone should get some help for living a life that is less hard", you can build two very different views on the world based on the same observation that life is hard. Those views will both be mostly rational and make sense to people following them and the opposing reasoning will seem stupid, it all comes down to finding the difference in the basic predicates. (of course politics is more complicated than just a sum of core beliefs and people will lie for personnal gain.... etc etc)
This sort of tribal thinking is primarily an American issue. Many countries including mine (UK) simply don't have this issue. It exists amongst the political extremes (far right/left) but in general, we are willing to accept new evidence regardless of our political stance
im shocked this was politically neutral. love you guys for not taking a side and just keeping it science!
Is this a re upload? I swear Ive seen this video before a few years ago
love this.  I've said for years, people like to believe that we are rational when we are in fact rationalizing.  We think we look at evidence and form opinions, but we actually form opinions and look for data that supports it.
the study used here is crappy to some extent. comparing cream and rashes with gun control and crimes is such a long shot. the variability between the two cases is just too different.  cream to rashes may have multiple variables at play, but those variables can be controlled to lessen its effect to the data like time of exposure to the sun, sweatiness, or the air condition inside the room you mostly stay in throughout the study. controlling these variables can normalize or skew the data gathered in the study.   on the other hand, political topics like gun control and crimes have other variables such as socio-economic status, discipline, law enforcement integrity, socio-political biases, and so on. these are variables that you CAN'T control. Hence, it's chaotic data and less consistency in agreement.   this better explains the result of the study: no matter how good you are in numeracy, you cannot predict too many variables in action at once.
From my understanding of this research, the more people impart meaning to the data, the worse people do at analyzing it. If you were to show the graph without any of the labels, you would probably get the maximal amount of correct answers. The problem is, what we choose to measure is inherently meaningful.
How do you know who’s smarter and who’s not and how are you judging them based on
This reminds me of something I heard once about the phrase “mental gymnastics.” Only intelligent people are smart enough to perform mental gymnastics to rationalize the irrational.
buuuu your title
Wow what a shocking revelation, ideological preconceptions impact people's ability to reason and midwits think they're smarter than they are. Give that man a million dollars
What an absolutely perfect time for this to come out.
"Numeracy skills no longer affect accuracy" while showing a graph where high numeracy scores related to much higher proportional accuracy...  Was your script another test, Derek?
liberals less biased qed
So basically... the flaw in US presidency is the parties? I've personally been saying that, because it always seems like no matter what, if someone is red and someone is blue. they refuse to agree.
the results are just because the tests were done on americans
And then there are the vagabonds with no tribe...  We mock everyone.
The title is not accurate - the smarter people did had more significant decrease in the right answers, but they overall didn't get the question worse that the less smart people, the graph is not decreasing.
Dont think its an accurate test, one study isn't going to make you change your view on a well researched topic. If you're adding one more date point to a wide variety of knowledge, its only a small part of the whole picture you see. Its like expecting a mean to change after adding only one variable to an extremely long list of them. Unless that data has superior believability or is way off the norm it won't change the end result by much
Could you make a video of the Einstellung effect ? I will be very interesting.
0:49 is it just me who noticed a second pattern? so using the cream doubles your chances of getting better but it quadruples the chances of making it worse + or - ~10 ofcourse i noticed the proportionality u pointed out first but for some reason i couldn't say anything conclusive from just that and now i feel dumb it was right in front of my eyes but i had to go a step further
So people exhibit a cognitive bias around their ideologies? Never would have guessed 😂
The Dems don't want you to know this but they're putting chemicals in the skin creams to make the rashes worse!
Almost like people are biased to thinking they're correct before they even know what they're being asked.
I feel like some of these people in the comments didn’t watch the full video
what about the outcasts? like me? who dont live in a society? is it possible that I have dislearned to respect the social setting when reasoning?
I think it shows that the smarter people know the truth/fact but they preferred to put their political agenda in front and twisted the truth to fit their agenda. They're simply trying to play the game instead for their political benefit.
The title is nonsense, and the supporting graph at 7:35 is nonsense. A drop from 100% to 90% is indeed a 10% drop. But a drop from 50% to 40% is a 20% drop, not a 10% drop. And a drop from 10% to 0% is 100% drop. We should measure drops by *ratio* , not by *difference* . Fortunately, other parts of the video are interesting.
isn't it true that high levels of emotion decreases your effective IQ or soemthing? You can't make rational choces when emotion is at play, its why meditation or other methods of claming and detachment are useful for making good choices. Also why math can be useful, math doesn't have emotions, it jsut is or is not right. Now you can still be wrong if your emotions change what equation you use so to speak. For things that directly contradict your world view you need to be willing to feel negative emtions, if you hid from thm or push them away it is more likely to alter your behavior. Being aware of your biases is a better strategy than pretending you dont have them.  This is also why polticians play on emotion so much, because it is effective, and even worse you end up in amollucks game where if one side is using fear tactics and you dont, you end up at a disadvantage and lose, thus reqarding the bad behavior of the other side. So it becomes a race to the bottom.
It went from cream and rashes to politics extremely fast
Very interesting!
I appreciate the call to challenging our own bias and will do my best.
Bravo!
they know the numbers are made up and still look at the topic more than just the numbers, I really hope I am not like this
One trap I found myself being caught into is looking into sources when I see something which contradicts my beliefs and just thinking "huh, this seems right" if I see something which doesn't. Most of the time it means I just dismiss some of the sources as some "bad experiment" or "data manipulation" and continue believe what I did.
It's so interesting that they have successfully divided us almost perfectly 50-50 and convinced each group that if the other party wins, our country is over. We are all stuck in this frame of mind and all closed off to outside ideas.   I once experienced bias in myself. It was related to equipment in a niche field of extreme sports. It took me 2 years to open myself to the idea that I was wrong about a product and the manufacturer, which I had worked with for a while. When I finally overcame that mental block it honestly rocked my world and made me question what other areas I had these same biases.
I'm so stupid, that I didn't understand the table
so if i get the question right in 2nd minute, then I'm dumb? :D
：００
Happy to get the numeracy right :)
"It makes you think about what we could get done if we didn't have that burden, and I think it would be a pretty different world and pretty extraordinary if we managed to figure that out."  That burden is forced upon every single person in the United States by it's two party system. Ranked choice voting would mostly eliminate this problem.
The study is not measuring how rational somebody is, it is only measuring what people are willing to say in the social context. Most people don't go around telling everyone exactly what they think, rather they will try to frame things in a way that the other person will be convinced by.  The question is not whether a person is rational, but whether their argument is rational.
So it seems that people's self-reported intelligence is mostly just a measure of their confidence in their reason lining up with their morals. It's only the ones that think their 100% lined up all of the time that really get caught up with embarrassment and frustration. These are the so-called "good people", and the least in the habit of practicing actually humility.   That being said, forcing (or even slightly suggesting) people to not be like this is probably not very productive. For those that actually want to get things done, regardless of the issue, it's just best to acknowledge that people will be like this, and just focus on the ground. This doesn't mean that you can't agree or disagree with one side or the other, but if a side is demanding your allegiance, then act on what you know, not on what they know.
As someone who considers themselves smart, it seemed kind of obvious as a first step to add the worked + didn't work to find the total # of each group.  After this, I divided the "didnt work" by the total for each group and concluded that the rash worsened nearly 10% more often when using the cream than when not
That's why the general conscious should be politician = bad. And everyone should criticize them no exceptions.
Very interesting topic and findings about how our personal political views skew our judgement of data. One of the biases of the host is that he failed to discuss how “scientific” studies are often flawed, frequently by the scientists’ personal views who perform the studies. I try not to assume that the summary article of a study I read or hear about is accurate. I have to weigh various factors, including who wrote the summary, what the topic of the study is, who performed it, i.e. likelihood of injecting personal biases, and any other factors that could introduce errors into the findings, such as statistical errors, or inconsistent implementation of controls.   With that said, when it comes to gun control it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to know that more gun law restrictions, and specifically those which are more heavily enforced, will embolden our politicians to cram down policies they desire on the rest of us. Don’t believe me? Just look around you. Those with the guns make policy. If everyday citizens possess firearms, it makes it a wee bit more difficult for policy makers to force unreasonable laws down our throats. For example, try telling Americans they are not allowed to say they disagree with U.S. law makers, i.e. our politicians. See how that goes over, regardless of one’s political leanings.
So, if the facts show islam is a violent, invasive ideology with a goal to submit the whole world, but you believe in open borders, you will reject the facts.
So the good ole “It’s easier to fool people than to convince them they have been fooled” [sic]
I got the first cream question right, but not the same way as you. I doubled the 107 to try to even  it to the 223, so similar amount of people got better. Also doubling the 21 result made only 42 got worse. Making no cream approximately 40% less likely to worsen. I cross checked this by dividing 107 into 223 and the same with 21 and 75 to come up with roughly 2/3. No cream is roughly 33% better. You're way go me 2/5. Again, 40%  Did I just get lucky or is this method valid?  Also, based on the title, I kinda didn't wanna to get it right. (yes, I'm trying to sound whiney, lol.)
Isn't this just another variation on cognitive bias?
Thank god I'm immune to this
I'm a fence sitter, so don't have this bias problem lol
I thought it was going to be a comment on how you interpret information. With the first question, you could say the cream made it better since the rash improved. The rate of success is worse than nothing, so it doesn't improve your _chances_ , but it _did_ get better for more people than it got worse for. I thought maybe intelligent people would make an analysis of the ratios, whereas others would simply see the improvement and conclude it made it better.  Also, I've heard that people lose on average 40 IQ points when intellectually handling politically sensitive topics.
Haha, all just living in a trance of comfort and presumed security.   It has been a systematic implementation of divisive manipulation techniques. And if we all focus on waking up from the trance we will be better off.
We shouldn’t have voting, firstly people are idiots secondly imagine you are going to doctor, would you pick one with no qualifications to be a doctor but a bunch of people voted for them or would you see a doctor with the necessary training to be a doctor?  I don’t know why a country should be any different
In the cities example it's not clearly defined if the ban was randomly controlled or if the legislation has been happening in response to crime rate. 6:20 And this is why it is problematic taking a strong feeling about something as a strong prior.
0:46  Something seems off...  The sample/set sizes are different, and there's no included metric for those where the treatment had little-to-no effect.  Not sure I can make a decision on this data alone.
The question used numbers a certain way on purpose. The moment you break it down into a %, the correct answer in each case is obvious.
Well what I am seeing here is we are advancing in all fields except in our evolution as species. Sure tribalism was important years ago but now? You can literally find any tribe to join with anywhere in the world online.
This is part of the reason why the electoral college was created. The founding fathers were worried the mob would do something stupid and it turns out they were/are right.   "Democracy is indeed the worst form of government except for all the others that have been tried."  -Winston Churchill  Also possibly Winston Churchill-  “The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.”
What?? Focus on solving the problem instead of assigning blame??? What sort of sorcery is this?
This is a dangerous video right before a big election. To post this without an answer is needlessly stirring the pot. What was the intention behind the video? Why did you even do this study? "Spreading awareness" makes no sense, as you're only spreading awareness about the correlation of a weird set of circumstances that result in a counterintuitive result. When in reality, it's well-proven which side is better educated, happier, and more empathetic. To present both sides as equal like this is an insult to the lives actually at stake this election. Shocked to see a video like this from this channel when you should be standing up for the side you believe in, not passively sitting in the center pretending you're better than everyone else...
The first time I encountered this phenomena, or similar, was that drama from a few years back when the White House press secretary was accused of posting a doctored video from a press conference. I'll try to keep it short but after not being able to see exactly what was doctored I ended up downloading the video, loading it into my video editor, and saw that it was just an encoding artifact which happened three times, at 42 frame intervals (frames 20, 21 and 22 were duplicates, then frames 62, 63 and 64 were duplicates, and then 104 and 105... frame 106 was when the video had actually been edited to show a slo mo replay).   News reports of this story from reputable news sources, some with interviews with "digital media experts" all said pretty much the same thing: "the video HAS been doctored and it is not an encoding artifact because if it was you'd expect to see the same glitch at regular intervals". I guess the people with the expertise to look for the truth just didn't want to override their political desires or assumptions. I remember trying to make people aware of the truth but nobody was interested - at least not in the left-leaning online spaces I usually inhabit.
I don't know what these studies actually showed.  But I noticed you didn't include the people who question the studies and data on a separate line.  Im almost positive doing so would make your points less drastic.  Playing with the data.    If you are presenting accurate data to people in settings and precisely so they can comprehend and understand then their biases are going to largely fall away. Certainly some will ignore it in favor of their bias.  Showing rare data, which is exactly what you did,  is a tad disingenuous as it is going to elicit a gut reaction which is based on each individuals experience.   I'm pretty certain the results would have been wildly different if the data you shown was more usefull.  In the gun thing showing those numbers are meaningless as you are not comparing like kind.  You would need to show historical numbers for each individual city.  You would also need to account for unusual events such 911, or a hurricane or covid as that would directly effect the data.
I appreciate that he didnt use this as a playtorm to push his politics.
so tribalism is rational? do we still live in tribes?😅 I think the correct term would be tribalism *was* rational, and is now detrimental. but don't worry, at some point in the future, it will be rational again..
but your giving them fake facts so they will gravitate to the fact they have seen from other science, or did i miss something?
Pretty insteresting video. But the liberal/democrat and gun control thing... could only be American. You stay on your side like it's either life or death. Like some people are crazy with their clubs. The easy way is not seeing the other as ennemy because we're all humans just listen as you said "not demonizing" but it's sad how Americans are crazy to the point of debating even scientific proven facts and trying to deny them cause of their politic "side" LIKE ASDHDHASHDAS. But nice one Veritasium, pretty interesting stuff as always! And interesting how it can apply to other things
insane
I feel like this study is literally just America being unable to separate their ideologies from statistics. If you listen to the conversations once the 'study' is changed to gun control from skin cream, you'll notice that the conversation shifts away from the physical numbers presented and moves towards opinion and justification "but there are lots of external sources" "you can't just take away peoples guns".
The word "improved" really confused me and threw me off there. The phrase "rash improved" gave me the feeling it got worse. "Crimes improved" gave me the feeling there were more crimes. Preferred words would be "less rash" or "less crime" would be the better choices in such a chart.
Thank you. I didn't like some of your videos over the last year or so. It felt like the efforts invested in the production were mostly aimed at squeezing time out of me, if you see what I mean. This time, you nailed it. In my view, obviously. It's not easy to talk about that stuff but you did a great job. It is thoughts provoking and I'll be talking about it around me. I'm a research engineer.  Thank you for sharing.
It’s too simplified - to the point of being dishonest. No one cares about skin cream and so they are not challenging the info source. In a complex situation ie guns people expend mental energy and question the information validity. People know that statistics are manipulated. If you said ‘judge this purely on these numbers’ the numerate would get it right as per the curve but they are unsure of the interviewers real intention.
Would anyone else answer inconclusive to the comparison in question? We are looking at ~20 people difference between the + and - groups (scaled up to 300 people per group). That's well within the error margins for such a study. Need more people, ideally equal number for + and - groups and measure the size of change (with first skin cream example - how much the rash improved or worsened).
My first question was, why didn't they give the control group a placebo?
click-bait
The skin cream question is a simple matter of percentage calculation. Total number of people who used cream: 223+75 = 298. People with better skin 223 of 298 = ~75%. Compare this to the control group where 107 of 128 = 83% got better skin. But one question was left behind. When people don't use creams why they should get better skin? It would be okay to assume that the control group will stay unchanged. Otherwise you should ask why is the skin of all people so bad at the beginning? That's why this study is of no use at all. The control group is proofing that there was an unknown factor making all evidence useless. Dismiss this study into the waste bucket of science.
Falling into answering a loaded question is very scary, especially in a place where the spotlight is on you. It makes sense that people fall back on what information they were taught and how they were taught. Better information education is a better way to approach conclusions. Instead of asking broad, loaded questions, we should focus on asking questions that are specific and clear and to the point.
I'd argue another useful skill to have about these kinds of issues, is to be willing to play the devil's advocate, against your own arguments. This helps to allow you some measure of introspection and criticism of the views you have.
i love the purpose of this video. Truly what we need in our society. Makes me happy and proud haha
As someone studying applied data science I can say that smart people aren’t ruining democracy… people who use pi-charts and other terrible graphs are-I admit there is some overlap
So am I smart for getting it wrong and dumb if I get it right?
Might be the only video i disliked ever from Veritasium. In general i consider Veritasium be the Best channel across the youtube in terms of content quality and presentation.   Coming to why i disliked it.   In My opinion the questions are framed in a way that it hides the information of baseline. For example in the first question, the logical assumption would be that equal number of people with roughly equal number of rashes (R) are divided into 2 groups. Let's say that number R was 500. (But this information is not given, neither clarified). In which case people who used the cream have 223/500 (45% chance of a rash improving) and 75/500(15% chance of a rash getting worse) while the rest 40% chance the rash will stay the same. While people who do not use the cream would have 107/500 (21% chance of a rash improving) and 21/500 (4% of a chance getting worse) while 75% of the chance that rash stays the same.   If you are a person with a rash and given a cream that there is 45% chance that the rash will improve if you use the cream and 15% that it might get worse, but if you don't use the cream there is only 21% chance that rash might improve but with very less chance of it getting worse. Depending upon how much annoyance the rash is causing it would make sense to use the cream as it increase the chance of improving by 24%(45-21) while increased the chance of getting worse by 11% (15-4).  And i removed the dislike after watching the whole video, because the 2nd par to the video makes complete sense & i would like to live in the world where more people are scientifically curious and ready to challenge/discuss beliefs and ideas of others even if they are a minority or part of a opposite thinking social group with the lens of reasoning and not with the lens of group thinking.
It's incredibly hard to accept facts that go against our beliefs. Even science wouldn't work without scientists putting a lot of effort into proving each other wrong since very few can prove themselves wrong.
You discovered confirmation bias. Congratulations
Man those were easy  ..wait
no, humans have reason but are not reasonable and we seem to almost rationalize more when we think we're rational
Average numeracy of the public below of 5, the general public really is dumb
9:35 I guess that's why it's hard to be a smart person because you have irrational people all around you and to fit in socially, you'd have to 'play dumb'.
Me when I answer a question wrong
This comment is for the algorithm
people be uhhhh
first example, the rash cream... Now why would you even mention "smart" people here? You asked an idiot on a street, is this your "smarter" person? Cream OBVIOUSLY doesn't work, and the real smart people see it right away... Bye, do better next time then I maybe watch the complete video. Dislike.
For the cream or the gun control case the way you ask and present the info can make a huge difference. The grouped table makes people want to compare the numbers in the columns directly instead of looking at the proportion. Even telling people the number of participants varies between the two or showing the totals for each group on the table may have improved responses considerably IMO.
Oh look, humans are emotional creatures foremost. Who'd know?
This part just sounds like the effects of confirmation bias 7:39
Honestly one of the worst videos on this channel
Our beliefs are not built upon Ration, but rather we use Rational thinking to justify our pre-existing beliefs
I think this is an issue of trust in the data rather than political belief. When presented with the cream problem, we don't inherently sense any ulterior motives like we do with political data, but I bet if you showed the cream problem to people and gave it a brand name, say "Topo-logical Creams Co." and then say that "Topo-logical Creams Co. tested their cream product to study the result of rashes on people" then you will likely get people who will give answers very similar to political ones, that's because NOW they see that there's a conflict of interest and there's a different issue at play rather than pure data alone, I mean, what company would publish an honest study about their product, especially if said product was making rashes worse?
... intuition? how does ones intuition lead them to believe that the applied ratio is better than the not applied ratio? my intuition led me to believe that I should look at the ratios for rash improvement compared to worsening for both variables? Am i stupid? is everyone else stupid? is everybody stupid?
The trouble, of course, is that while the imaginary study was consistent, in real life, you don't have nice tables. You have Candidate T says that the immigrants are eating the pets in City S, which he made up on the spot. Meanwhile Candidate H makes no such claim one way or the other, because it's the ramblings of a psychotic madman, on live television.
Basically Confirmation Bias. Awesome perspective
Well that was a misleading title.
In the gun question the question you posed to us and the chart given to people are 2 different ones.. adding the word "cities" to the chart changes the answer substantially. Because otherwise its an addition than comparison vs ratio... Poor consistency here in your explanation
Right now people are commenting here still thinking their side is the correct side.. I see you 👀
This study is flawed. More people dead, death toll if you will, is considered different, regardless of which way it trends (better:worse) than people who use certain skin creams.
Veritasium has had a some really bad takes over the years but this may be the worst. Avoiding labelling things like "climate change" to appease the other side's fragility is preposterous. Especially while wrapping it in a video about not being able to understand data because of political biases. The data has shown time and again that climate change is real and man-made, while the other side has been blocking efforts to save the planet for decades. The data has shown time and again that gun control is an effective method to reduce gun violence, while the other side has been blocking efforts to save lives for decades. What is the point of both sides-ing numeracy and confirmation bias when climate change denialism and 2A gun nuts don't care about the data at all? Was this all just another effort to rage bait people with pseudoscience?
A very interesting topic, Derek! Well done!
Now imagine asking those same questions on Europe or Asia... Totally different results most likely
I say instead of elections we should have a lottery and put random people in charge
Me with a degree in public health that deals with odds ratios routinely wondering if people go into the field specifically because we're bad at math. 🧐
Oh you picked Americans, that's your problem.
Keeping an open mind is all about trying to think of what evidence would change your mind on any subject, and then coming to an understanding with yourself that you could accept that evidence should it be presented. If you cannot do that, you may be basing self worth around opinions, when you should be basing self worth on more concrete things like your core values. "Gun control is bad" is an opinion "I want people to be safe" is a value. Once you start looking at things from a "values" perspective, you'll find a lot more common ground with people you meet because hey, we are all human.
Supposing that rashes can stay the same e.i. neither improve nor worsen, the answer depends on the number of people in each group. For example, if there were 298 people in each group, then using skin cream would help 75% of the time, while not using it would help 35% of the time.   So many other factors, which can help determine the effectiveness of the cream are missing, but it can be argued that in this particular situation people might prefer using the skin cream.  From the question it cannot be derived that the state of the rash is binary, so I thought that the smarter people with proportional thinking would answer incorrectly, while the ones who scored lower on numeracy would stumble upon the right answer, which would make this problem statistically easier for dummies and harder for nerds.  However the video was not about that at all...  P.S. I wanna know if someone else initially had the same thoughts
The thing that tripped me up was I assumed that the sample size was the same and there was just a bunch of people who was no change and that there must be some underlying condition that allows the skin treatment to work very well on some rashes or kinds of people and that we were lacking some information.
Maybe it's because I'm 'on the spectrum', but...  The math is clear.. The math is simple.  I'm quite bad at math (at least, I was in school).  But, I can see the answer, based on the numbers.  Why can't everyone??  I really do not understand it.  That's actually the only thing which is different from me, being considered 'autistic', and the norms..  I simply don't get influenced by silly human emotions. And I really do NOT understand how others do make decisions based on emotion and beliefs which aren't based in fact.  That's my whole issue in life, is expecting others to do things based on logic, then they don't.  I don't understand why I'm considered flawed, when my only problem is not being able to understand other humans flaws.  And the human flaws are SO bizarre (as we see in videos like this), why should I be expected to understand them intuitively?  I'm pretty sure, it's all the people who do things based on emotions and false information are the ones who are wrong!
I'd like to hear how the question was asked.
Classic case of reasoning fallacy
Up and coming electrical engineer here with a minor in math. I'd say that if you are smarter, in this context, that means that you use mathematical operations to explain the behavior of the statistics. You will find that ratios will explain the results and why one is better than the other. However, what does worse mean in this context? It would be something like the disparity between knowing the right answer and still choosing to believe otherwise. Since it would not make sense to say smart people do worse when a smart person finds the ratios, because any smart person will find the ratios and trust the math behind the statistics. Which then produces a flaw in this research: how can a smart person be claimed to do "worse" if they believe that the data presented has many factors that can skew the statistical observations? You can't claim that a smarter person does "worse" if the basis of which the data presented is able to be scrutinized by belief. If you were to classify these people as doing "worse" then that would, in turn, classify the people that did better as gullible people who believe anything they are given even if the math behind it was correct. Meaning the people that did better actually did worse in terms of the scientific process. Therefore, this research proposal should be more about whether people are informed of the scientific process and not strictly math. Furthermore, the people in this video were never seen to pull out a calculator(optional) and find the simplified ratios, does that mean that they can be qualified as smart? Then that means that there wasn't truly a 9 on the numeracy value which then changes the observation. Any mathematician or scientist can be presented big numbers and you will find they never assume just because a number is bigger does that mean that, in the end, the answer is the larger one (no offense to anyone).   If you want a better prompt, it could be something like presenting the numbers of student test scores. You would have people that read the book required to learn the material in paper or online and compare. This would solve the issue of the previous prompt being something that people would not apply their beliefs. You would then see the variety of beliefs since there a lot of factors to be considered. That would mean that the hypothesis has nothing to do with smart people (sort of) but something along the lines of: If people are given statistical evidence, then how does belief change that? You could then go about this whole rant regarding theory of knowledge and the clash between belief and fact but I am just an engineer and that is not my job haha.   Not trying to offend anyone or anything, just something to distract myself with. Feel free to correct me or add something since that is part of the scientific process. I could just be flat out wrong since I am not treating this like an actual research paper.
I will be honest no way am i changing any of my major political stances based off a piece of paper. I have my principles and stand by them even when confronted with facts, especially via the internet where like 60% of political stuff is botted propaganda
This video is really important because it brings your deeply divided country a little bit back together
Another issue is the rejection of data that seems to prove a point that has been historically shown to be consistent with debunked studies.  Your example of gun control is a perfect example.  You have hugely decorated "researchers" like Arthur Kellerman and Michael Belliesiles that ultimately were shown to have faked their data to reach their conclusions.    Many people I know who understand the details of firearms would outright reject those results simply based on the track record of such studies.  Virtually every so-called study that attempts to show that gun control laws reduce crime has been found to contain fraud in one manner or another.  That said, those who are not well versed in such matters tend to believe the mass media which love to report on these type of studies, but then are reluctant to report on the failure of peer review.  Regardless if this is intended propaganda or simply an editorial bias, the result is that many well intentioned individuals hold an incomplete picture of the subject simply due to the manner in which it is treated in the media.   So, I wonder....   Was it the political bias, or the reputation of such data in their eyes that actually caused the bias?    Or, on a deeper level, is the institutional bias of the political leaning creating an expected outcome?  This kind of goes along with the herd mentality in many ways.
So what you're saying is we need to soften up science and facts to not scare the Republicans
The problem to me seems not to be a problem with the belief in data but in our own reluctance to admit to ourselves that we are sometime arrogant in our positions on policy in order to convince ourselves that we are right…  Myself included, of course.
Fascinating findings! It's also quite interesting that when the gun control question was explained, there was an additional explanation for how no gun control would reduce crime but not for the other option, as if one of the options was more "intuitive" than the other. There is nothing wrong here, I just found it interesting to potentially learn where Veritasium team stands in terms of gun control laws :)
Basically the capacity to do some extra math instead of guessing was overridden by bias assuming you already know the "right answer"
Bro, my intuition went straight to comparing the proportions. Picking the number just because its the biggest one isn't intuitive at all. Ct's called guessing without thinking. Cuz bigger is generally better
.... So the takeaway here is that republicans are idiots?
10:47 on avoiding partisan rhetoric this is an impossible task when even gas stoves have been politicized not even gonna mention who is politicizing things like natural disasters but whomstever they may be are really the ones that make everything political when it doesnt need to be
The chart is nonsensical.
I am smart enough to be really confident about my answers! So that is a good reminder of how polarised my confident answer will be.
I really enjoy when veritasium goes into political ideas. Not because it makes me feel any better about one side or the other but because its the only form of media ive seen thats purely scientific. Its not opinionated politics and honestly is super refreshing and encouraging.
The study is set up bad, these issues are nuanced and the answers should be too. I like the idea behind it, we all just need to check ourselves and our bias.
Thank you for making this. This exactly what i try to explain to people every day. I always show them their point of view is skewed as their source is not the same as everyone Elses. This is going in my favorites so i can send it to people instead of trying to explain it badly.
This is not a proper title. What the title should be is "uncovering and proving cognitive bias in all people".  Here is the thing about "you should be open minded"... there is always a reason to reject information. Nowadays has become especially hard to identify whats real news and what is just fast and sloppy misrepresentations based on minimal information in an effort to be first.   So who do we go to as a mutually agreed upon source of actual fact? It used to be our government agencies but in light of many recent uncoverings of attempts to hide, skew, distort, and twist the truth this is no longer the case. Events like requiring COVID vaccines and mask mandates then later realizing they may have been unsafe, that masks were ineffective, and that you should have had a choice to not get it if you chose not to. Events like misreporting wrongful deaths in hospitals as death from smoking or COVID to continue to get funding and push a political agenda. Events like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram having requests directly from the FBI to "slow or stop the spread of information" or the Department of Education allowing school officials to conceal transgender names and clothes from the parents of those children against their will.  The problem is that we used to have a source to hold us to the truth... now all those sources are corrupted for a single branch of government and they wield it like a tyranny. If you cant trust your government, you cant trust the source of information, and you cant trust reporters who aligned themselves with the very people that they were supposed to hold accountable... why would I ever be open minded again? I'm not foolish enough to toss my ideology out based on a statistic from a government entity or branded entity that no longer has a record of being truthful and impartial.  Point me to someone or somewhere that remains impartial and I'll open my mind up to your thought process again in that setting. Until then, our ideologies will always be stalwart and at odds.
Well, I don't know where I stand on the graph. My answer would have been "I lack information to judge". Because what I see is that the total number of people in the control group is smaller, which makes me think "what about people who didn't get better nor worse?". Also, the sample size isn't big enough to account for people just getting better by themselves. What about severity of the rashes? Also, there might be correlation but it doesn't mean there's causality.  So yeah, my answer would be "I don't know, data is insufficient".
I got it wrong so, that’s a win in my book.
Ok but take the graph at 8:15, yes it *seems* like it's more polarized, it seems implied that both democrats and republicans are confidently wrong, but what is the ground truth? Because if say Liberal Democrats end up being closer to ground truth, then that has nothing to do with their political bias.
Wow! Definitely one of the important videos on YouTube.
I looked at the cream data and said "I can't tell if the cream actually does anything. The cream seems to have a worse performance than doing nothing, but the outcomes are too similar for me to have much confidence in that. There's probably a formula for that but I don't know it. At any rate, it seems qualitatively likely that the rash is just getting better on its own in most cases."  The fact that more rashes got worse with the cream doesn't show that the cream is *harmful.* There could have been a disproportionate number of people with comorbid conditions that would have resulted in it getting worse no matter what. The labels also don't tell you how much worse or better each rash got.  Which is better: -a 75% chance of a complete cure with a 25% chance of getting a little worse, or -an 80% chance of mild improvement with a 20% of the rash spreading and becoming unbearable?  That's an extreme scenario, but it fits the data and the category descriptions. In that case I would definitely prefer the cream over doing nothing, yet this is somehow the "wrong" answer.
7:48 “illegal crime”
Man humans are so weird....
Problem is that smart people have done research and know that guns increase crime so looking at one dataset I would say is an outlier and believe what most data say
This doesn't feel like a "smarter people do worse", it feels more like "people of all smartness-levels can have the tendency to try to reason why their belief is the correct one, and will apply their rational on any data presented to them". After all it's never as simple as the data presented, you can't draw gun control conclusions from such few datapoints.
A lot of people with ADHD, and ADHD-I (or ADD) in particular, are excellent problem-solvers not because they have something extra, but because their thoughts are less filtered by executive function, meaning intuitive solutions are less likely to be dismissed right away at the subconscious level. That's the thing with intuition, any solutions to a problem it produces can easily be dismissed by executive function. An example of this happening is when you've forgotten a name or particular word, and the longer you actively think about it, the longer it will take to finally remember, because executive function interferes and blocks subconscious thought processes from reaching consciousness. To remember a name or word on the tip of your tongue, try remember it once, and then stop trying - and wait a little. The brain is always "thinking", after all - and sometimes it's often best to not actively think, especially when it comes logical reasoning.   This is something one can practice and improve in various ways, effectively with the potential of making you "smarter" than you already are. The first step is to dismiss the notion that thoughts have inherent value, good or bad. Do not attribute values to thoughts beyond the value of "usefulness". An utilitarian and pragmatic approach is optimal when it comes to meta-cognitive strategies, and "usefulness" is a far superior value to filter by than any other. Train yourself in not dismissing all thoughts as cumbersome, tiresome, a bother, or otherwise useless. After some time, executive function will adopt the new filter, and you'll experience more intuitive moments while problem-solving. This, in turn, will make you measurable "smarter" because you're using your intelligence more efficiently.  Perhaps, one day, you will have your brain do your thinking for you, while you sit back enjoying the pseudo-visuals that occur while your brain visualizes problems and potential solutions. One of the most surprising discoveries of my life, is the fact that higher problem-solving actually involves very little thinking. It's more about feeding some input into a machine, and simply not actively think about it until the machine is done with one or more results. You only have to customize that machine through learning a certain skill or field.
We all hate looking in the mirror.
The first experiment looks like the cause of rashes could be the cream. The second study looks like the weapons could not be the cause of crimes. People could be aware of that and the response could be about that.
No one referenced a particular study.    The fact is the Doj says crime increased even if you exclude fatalities.   Not just violent crime.  All crime.
TRUMP
Great video!  I think these answers are also definitely impacted by the fact that medicines and cremes are things we usually test in randomized trials like these and are therefore easier to reason about in this context. If I was presented with the data on gun legislation my first intuition would be that it might be a trick question involving 'survivorship bias', you could both argue that cities that have higher crime rates might be more inclined to pass gun legislation or on the other hand that a city might already have lower rates of gun ownership which might make it easier to pass such legislation.   In real-life scenarios outside of clinical trials these things are a lot less clear-cut. Which makes not immediately believing the data not that unreasonable.
Everyone needs that reality check that humans are typically tribal, and that you might think you're open-minded when you're actually close-minded, or vice versa every once in a while. Thanks Veritasium
Are you sure these were smart people?  Or trump supporters?
Clickbait science video turns into politics video on 04:22 mark
I'm confused. I immediatly thought of proportions instead of just the bigger number. Thinking big=good sounds like someone with lower intelligence would think, leading to the wrong answer. Not saying I'm necessarily smart, but I can tell when a reasoning is stupid.
I have seen this kind of problem before in statistics. The statistician can present his findings in a way to confuse the listener. Sadly, huge cooperations like Apple, Nvidia, and Tesla routinely misrepresent so that their products look better than they actually are
Is that only the case in murica or other countries too?
👎Thumbs down for misleading title.
Fire video!
The chart of science curiosity and probability of man made climate change; reveals the dogmatic nature of liberal democrats on the issue.   All these tests are broken for that same dogmatic approach. Do better science.
My initial reaction to the question was I don’t have enough information. If both groups were the same size, the group with the cream had more reactions overall, for some reason, I don’t know why that would be the case, but the group with the cream also had a worse ratio of getting worse to getting better. So more people got worse relatively speaking. So it could have some kind of polarizing reaction where may be more people will get better, but it also causes more problems in another subset. That’s just a hypothesis though.
It's already known that increasing awareness of one's cognitive biases decreases the effects. No changing language needed, nor letting bad actors control language and topics as the researcher seems to essentially let happen.
I like the people who are like "where did you get this info? Have you checked it?"
I can absolutely guarantee that if you tried this with, say, mathematicians, you would get 0 effect. Everybody would get the right answer, regardless of political beliefs. And no, this isn't "ho ho ho that's what you think, everybody is irrational". 0 effect. I would put money on it. This is the difference between ACTUAL EXPERTS and people who consider themselves just the same as their professors because now they're legal adults nobody can tell them their opinion isn't as valuable as anybody else's. "High numeracy score" is not expertise. Expertise is a rare and valuable skill, and we would do better to listen to people who have it.  And no, Derek, "believing what you believe to fit in with the tribe" is not "highly rational". It's just not.
This was the most interesting video I have watched all year. Absolutely eye opening
imagine if you add religion on top of the politics  it gets exponentially worse ..
Politics are brain rot.
This is... frightening. Seeing the cognitive bias in action is amazing, even if it is scary. Polarization and fanatism is bad for all of us.
The iq distribution meme
People should to go into a community volunteering group like VISTA or the Peace Corps before or after college but before entering the workforce.   Or just volunteer for Habitat for Humanity at any time.
But it seems that some data is missing. As if you add up the numbers for people who worked and people who made it worse from both groups that used or not the cream the results are not the same. So those must be just a fraction from the whole people exposed to the test otherwise that test makes no sense. You can't make a comparison by using different number of people. So i think the answer would be a comparison between people affected where some got better some worse vs people not affected at all. Where it's obvious that not using the cream is the better approach because you have a lot less people affected of which a lot less that are negatively affected too. Results aside though, the disparity of people affected makes that cream ineffective so not worth it.
I may be innumerate but I’m also bored 4:06
Humans are not rational, we only like to think so.
well, being smart is one thing understanding mathematics and percentages is not necessarily the same.  being smart helps with that, but it dosnt gurantee it XD but ffs, when comparing "efficiency" of anything, it should be basic knowledge that you dont look at absolutes, you look at relative outcomes.  and gosh darn it; if you go into any data with a wanted political outcome in mind, then you might just find ways to reason that outcome. being a good analyst means that are capable of not just realizing but also presenting conclusions irrespective of how good it makes you or your boss feel.
This proved that if ideology is the matter, your rational thinking can e hindered and might take a step back
Sorry, I stopped watching when you didn't specify how many total participants were in the "study". I guess I'm too intelligent to be that dumb.
You just make it into %, also by going with the amount it's easy to see that lel if 3x less people got better without using it, then who used cream prolly got better regardless if they used it or not, while for some it made it worse. 223+75=298 who used cream 223/298=0.74 aka 74% got better with cream, no need to do the math for the worse, as it's just 100% minus 74% or 75/298 107+21=128 who didn't use cream 107/128=0.83 aka 83% got better without cream.
humans might be rational, groups are not.
2:02 Why did I expect him to say "onet housand one hundred and onety one" 😂
"If we question the status quo by rejecting what those around us accept as true, we jeopardize our place in society." Funny how I came here from Sabine Hossenfelders video about how they don't make any progress in fundamenal sciences and don't take kindly to criticism.  Also, red pill.
I call election interference
😂 the only thing I know, with 100% certainty, is that my bias is always hiding right behind me…waiting to jump out and scare me into a belief
14:35 Last
Not citing data and sources makes anyone immediately question the information
Dumber people: performing  better Smarter people: performing worse Me: didnt understand question 🥴     No seriously, what does numbers of gun question even represent
sorry but this isn't at all surprising - 'people are less logical when emotionally invested in a belief' - yes, obviously!
I've just finished reading Stephen Pinkers book Rationality, thoroughly recommend reading for those interested in the Myside bias and other related ideas. I think the last Ve video was related to a chapter from that book aswell.
These insights are so much more than what the title suggests! SO important, everyone should watch this one. It's rather about how beliefs shape our reality than how reality shapes our beliefs. We all should question ourselves more and more, although this hurts our self confidence at times. And at the same time, we should listen more, and try to understand the beliefs and thoughts of the other person. In many things, we all want the same. And if not, let's just accept that we have different priorities. But let's agree on understanding each other.
Part of the problem is that trust is at a very low point in our society. Trust allows people to accept things at face value. When you are constantly having to filter things because of distrust, error rates go up, especially when people are expecting tomfoolery.
Not me! I is perfect!
1:13 oh I hate these kind of questions when you have to say the opposite thing to det it right. If it is better for rush than rush increased, if it is better for me it decreased
Wait. Veritasium came to Tucson?
This is interesting: the fact that they changed the context of the question made the participants believe there is other “hidden” data that is being overlooked, or includes new information they weren’t privy to, or the study was trying to trick them to change their values (which feels like a personal attack). This study isolated the reasons that creates distrust - when people try to hide facts, update their opinions based on siloed information or try to trick each other. The only solution is to be completely informed of every possible fact & scenario, which will forever be a pipe dream.
Oohkay, I was going to skip the "sponsors" part of he video as usual but after watching such a good video decided to give it a view. And suddenly it wasn't what I was expecting as "only read our news which are true unlike all those other bad news platforms". Interesting, I will give it a try.
And the 'conclusion' by the presenter that 'it made it worse' is also wrong - everyone on entry to the trial had a rash 😂
1:51 Statistics: Group Without Cream: 16.40625% of people got worse Group With Cream: 25.16778523489933% of people got worse
Channel 5 news has spent years showing exactly this
it's less of a numeracy issue with topics where the person interviewed is considering outside variables that wouldn't have previously existed in a more basic example.
What a wolrd we live in that climate change is polarized
@veritasium how do the participants receive a numeracy score? kinda confused about this.
vsauce: "we often make reasons based on conclusions"
So my conclusion is the US could be divided into atleast 2 much more effective nations.
so where do smarter people actually do worse here? it looks to me theyre generally doing better. its politically biased people that seem to be doing worse on politically charged questions. whats up with the title? purely clickbait?
Warning: robot comments ahead. They copy other popular comments and add their ad slogan text to induce searching for what they refer to.
Veritasium's video titles have always been borderline clickbaity, but this one really irks me for some reason.  It's not just that the title should really clarify "Smarter people do worse *than expected*", but also the content of the video is not even focused on this.  The video only presented graph data on 3 variables: score (did they answer the question correctly), numeracy, and political bias. It fails to present data concerning numeracy vs <other measures of "smartness">, which would have been very interesting to see as it opens up questions about how we measure scientific literacy and "intelligence".  Instead, the video diverts to the bland and rather obvious topic on how politics often makes us biased and less open-minded... I mean I guess the production value and timing of the video was good, but I was hoping for something more when I first read that title.
So it is a good thing I got dumber after this video?
I love the example of the sea level rise solution!
I feel like math does help with the first one
tbh I would be missing context about how many guys are in the group to argue which is better lol. cause if the % of rashes that got better would be higher with the cream but at the same time a higher % of the rashes got wores it is still better then no cream in my opinion
Hint:  The experts who produce the "true" stuff have destroyed their credibility.  This is just a reaction to that.
I was already calling this BS at beginning with the rash thing.  Taking the rash thing first I would if asked be thinking of doing math rather than answering question.   But I would also be saying this seems bogus as I would like the lady said want to know what kind of rash.  Why?  A rash from say exposure to poison ivy would be a complety different situation from a rash caused by a virus or bacteria and recovery would be wildly different.   Then you make this about guns.  I would if approached wouldn't even bother looking at numbers as the study presented would immediately be dismissed as bogus because you can't compare cities within a state or within a single country on such things because of movement between gun and no gun cities be impossible to prevent guns from being moved.
Working with my 3rd grader on ratios last night, but still very simple to make a generalization.
Nah that couldn’t be me I’m too rational for this
Reliable and trustworthy sources are huge aspect of easing people into different belief. If the Morning Joe show kept telling people that Joe Biden is sharp and more brilliant than ever, meanwhile I watch tenth and tenth of clips of Biden's gaffs and saying someyhing incoherent, how can i trust that source with delivering any other information!?  Also, there are life experiences or general knowlegde that plays huge role at believing into some thing more than others. For example, if several people claimed in Springfield cityhall meeting that Haitians eat pet animals, and there are unsually high number of pet disappearances cases in the city, I tend to take it as more likely a truth because I start to think about hunger (due to high influx of illegal immigrants in small town) and extend that people will go to survive. Also, i knew for decades how close haitian culture with Voody religion, which can demand sacrifice ritual. If you ask me, it is more likely that some Haitians eat pets than not, based on people's claims. I don't know what will it take for me to change my mind.
We're not as smart as we think we are. You can lead people to water, but you can't make them drink it. We are the culprits of our own demise.
Oh, you mean maths. Short for mathematics. It's not some weird plural word where you can have one math or many maths. It's just maths. It's aaalllll maths.
If I encounter evidence contrary to my beliefs, I would not be open minded but highly skeptical, and for a simple reason. Which is that my beliefs are already based on evidence of which I already encountered 100x as much, which would be saying the opposite.
I looked at the ratio for the first one too.
Factionalism and Tribalism are one hell of a drug. Until something effects you personally in opposition to your established worldview you probably won't be open to changing teams.
Experts in astrology all agree that astrology is meaningful.
3:04 *lady with america hat saying "the numbers dont mean anything to me"*  thats all you need to know about the us election
"If I look at this pragmatically, the playing field looks pretty even."   That wasn't pragmatic. That was plain copout from answering the question and a carefully deliberated attempt to hide that you don't understand the numbers. Just your usual try-hard armchair intellectual hiding their ignorance behind nice sounding words.
lol
Clickbait misleading title
Losing your touch, thought this was a science channel. Americans trying to force politics into every facet of life is saddening.  You're feeding into the polarisation of The USA.
This is kind of a shitty test to be honest, of course people are not going to care about your fake question and numbers when they are at a political rally trying to get real change on topics they are passionate about.
8:25 😭😭 "The numbers are NOT real" continues reasoning the fake numbers
I like to think of myself as rather smart. I looked at the first question compared ratios and concluded the cream made things worse. And then I spend enough time thinking how come that could be wrong (according to the title my conclusion was supposed to be wrong),  I hate you now.
21 x 5 = 105
No it didnt my answear at the begining of the video
One of the largest issues in the U.S. is how we have a two party system that has become extreme. A voter can’t only vote for one policy a candidate for president is supporting, they either are entirely for or against the candidate. This is why local politics matter so much!
The numeracy bar graph looks like it has a little bit of a rash...
Sometimes I’m thankful I never made strong relationships with people around me or followed politics more than knowing a bit of what was happening at the time. I couldn’t imagine being the kind of person that can look at literal fake statistics and say “well is the source credible, I’d need more information to come to a conclusion” instead of just answering the question
Not villainizing the "other group", befriend them is not that easy when they are actively trying to remove right to you or people similar to you...  Also when you have lunatics like Donald Trump who doesn't care about the data and prefer he's narrative over everything else what should we do???
Most of the world's problems are caused by smart people.
All people will pick the answer that matches their politics so the more likely they are to get it right the bigger the difference will be. Literally the same idea as the skin cream. Not particularly surprising in other words.
"It's easier to fool a man than it is to convince him he's been fooled."  Most people have an unconscious tendency to find reasons to validate their predilections rather than to challenge them, and should they find something that does challenge them they try to find reasons to invalidate the challenge. Interesting that the 9's still seemed to catch it, but they are in the minority of test subjects.
Love your videos! Please be mindful of how you present info! :) 11:41 could be explained better! It's not that there are some very smart Rs refuting it while others are sheep. The OSI test is not hard. And the length of the bars show # of data points not variance in opinion. Those graphs really show moderately educated Ds coming to the conclusion supported by evidence and less so Rs not reaching consensus. Thanks.
Timely
This was a very intresting topic. I definitely needed more time when I saw that question in the beginning. But if I hadn't known It was a "difficult" question. I'm not sure I would have second guesses my first answer. Which means I could be fooled by this if not paying close enough attention. Like casually reading headlines as i scroll past things.  I have in recent years made a string effort to always look at things in proportion. Which has made me an enemy of a lot of popular opinion groups, lol.
Cooperation over competition!
Fog of politics
9:18 Choice is an illusion! Love the word delusion
Im not sure the point here... if your point was to point out that people dont really critically think for themselves and are heavily influenced by their social surroundings, then yeah that much has been obvious. But nowhere here did i see anything about "smart" people being more incorrect then "dumb" people. I saw a bunch of people poorly question the data and information they were given and told to only look at it at face value with no critical thinking about the topic other than "what do the fake numbers say".
The ill-presented data labeled "crime improved" and "crime worsened", reminds me more of how one can ask confusive question to get basically any desired answer. If I don't understand the data, then I answer using my belief, nothing crazy about this. Disapointing.
People want the same things, no matter where they are. Even with different ideology.
the question isn't good because they didn't have the same number of people like for example if you had more people for the side where they didn't use the rash cream then maybe there might have been more people who got worse then better and using the rash cream would have been the smarter move
So you're saying the Dept of Education should be eliminated
I like to think I'm open minded. I've radically changed previous positions based on the evidence. The most important thing for me is the trustworthiness of the data. How you figure that one out is a lot more difficult.
I noticed that the smaller numbers had a larger factor difference, but I thought it was probably wrong because I figured that's what the smart people would pick. Watching more of the video showed this was about something totally different.
There are 2 monkeys inside of you.  One wants to fit in, the other one agrees.
Gun policy, in particular, is a topic that I'm weary of "a new study" on because so many of the "studies" that come out about this topic end up just being a reflection of the biases of the people who designed the study rather than an honest look at guns & crime.  If you just show me a study claiming "here's the number of crimes in cities before they passed new gun laws vs here's what crime did in other cities that didn't have those laws" I instinctively have more questions. How did you pick the cities to include (and was the data cherry-picked)? Were there any cities that were major outliers and if so what factors were involved? Were there any regional or demographic biases in the cities selected? Are we just talking about crime in general or gun crime in particular & if we're just talking about gun crime are we talking about only violent crimes. I also want to know if the study was looking at gun murders or gun deaths since I immediately just consider any study on guns to be fake if it talks about "gun deaths" instead of actually distinguishing murders committed with guns since most "gun deaths" in America are not murders.
Welp, time to rethink everything I've ever thought
Hold up… I got this question right, and reasoned using ratios. Does that mean I’m dumb??
I would challenge the assertion @7:08 that this is the EXACT same scenario.  Gun control is multivariate, and the rationales extend beyond raw crime incidence.  The only reason to use or not use a skin cream is efficacy for the condition being suffered.  This is not true for the notion that the ONLY reason to outlaw guns is raw levels of crime.
"dont use your feelings as fact"
Questionable US-centric conclusions ...
I haven't gotten very far in the video and I already have a big problem with the question of the skin cream, which I feel like is going to be a trend of issues for the rest of the video.  Mainly, why, in this fictional scenario of skin cream testing, is the cream-using group (298) so much larger than the control group (128)?  Proper data would be better gathered if the groups were the same size.  My initial thought, upon seeing the numbers in the chart, was that the question is being intentionally deceptive by asking if the cream improved or worsened the rash, because it seems like the most likely answer is that the cream has no significant effect at all, and that the only information that can really be drawn from this data is that rashes will usually improve over time (with or without this particular cream).  To try and argue that the ratios say it worsened the rash based on a group that is so much smaller than the other is a very weak argument.
this whole vid couldve been summarized in 3-4 mins
What's with that karen demanding the numbers mean nothing and she wants to see the cream???
9:18 Have you just found Slimecicle?!?
My first question would be why Test group and Control has different sizes.  And then what about those who rashes didn't improve or got worse and finally what kind of rashes we are talking about, it than cure by itself.
here's the thing though, treating sea-level rise is like treating pain or fever when dying of sepsis. treating or trying to deal with symptoms doesn't do anything to treat the cause. We need to call the crisis we face by their name. suicide crisis is a alt-f4 problem. homicides aren't  granting people eternal sleep. we are killing ourselves in this climate change.
Here's a question I'd love answered that I haven't yet seen anyone address (though I'm sure many must have commented, I just haven't seen it): Why 50:50 ? Why is it that Brexit came so close to 1:1, why in the US are voters so close? Is it just coincidence? Certainly could be, but maybe its not, maybe when there is too much overload people really are at some level just flipping a coin in their dopey (me too) minds.
I'm pro skub.
a new study with a new control group of equally proportional yet different numbers on the labels should be done in order to find out if the numbers being smaller or bigger does also influence the answers
Thanks!!!
Wait i got it right immediately and by the explanation he used.   Is nuanced though.
the rash question has faulty reasoning. the data to make an educated observation shouls include the number of people in the study as well and somehow integrate it in the "rash worsened" statistic.   The cream ia taken to cure an already existing rash, so not curing it should be accepted as part the "negative" group which would eventually tip the proportion in CREAMS FAVOR. Please, review this.
Feels like your logic is flawed or at the very least, extremely misleading since you never said how large each group was, how many had no change, etc
The whole second half of this video was centrist trash, even though I loved the first  yeah let’s just let people be wrong because it would obstruct the process a little
Alright! We don't have to worry about making our math homework anymore
My instinct, yeah the cream seems to make things worse, assuming everyone with a rash uses it, but like... just don't use it if it doesn't work for you? The only number that actually matters is whether there is a larger total percentage of people that it helped. The people it doesn't help don't factor in, because they'd stop using it.
I am a rational thinker, so if i think something, it must be rational, cause if it wasn't, i wouldn't be thinking it
I actually think it's easy to see, if just have ability to stop and think an little, and get some attention skills, some ppl just harder to focus on simple detail and analyze due they neurosystem has less ability to stop and refocus or separete one thought from another
I feel like this would have more to do with people lacking the development of formalized thinking or lacking the ability to do hypothetical analysis. They are trying to analyze these like they are real experiments but they need to be analyzed as hypothetical situations.
Im currently in a statistics class so i hope i get this right. My guess is to compute P(Rash improved | was given cream) and P(Rash improved | no cream)  and then compare probabilities, which would be 0.748 vs 0.836. So it doesn’t look like it made the rash better compared to the control group.   For the rash improved or did not improve were switched, yeah i got  that the cream was better than doing nothing albeit not by much and probably isn’t worth buying if there were other creams that had over 50% chance of improvement.   As for gun control instead of cream and rashes. the left chart where labels are crime increased and crime decreased. looks like gun control worked marginally because p(crime decreased | gun control) is about 0.25 and p(crime decreased | no gun control) is about 0.16. and with the labels switched, its just like the original skin cream question where the positive outcome column values are 223 and 107 respectively.  Edit: wait the row coresponding to gun control at 5:41 is swapped compared to the chart Wylie showed to people on the street. In that case, the left chart gun control did not improve and in the right one gun control did
an excellent video with a somewhat surprising result: that people in different tribes are not necessarily that different.
so all this to demonstrate that people can have bias. This just in ... water is wet.
So I’m not stupid??? 😅
Just make a third political party! The solution to so many US problems is so obvious
Wow
the table you used for this experiment is, just as a way to present data, terrible
just come out and support kamala bro.. instead of calling republicans stupid in charts
okay wow this gets interesting
Politics is just people being very emotional but convincing themselves they are being rational
Wtf is "crime improved / worsened"? its unclear at best
TLDR: Personal bias influences reasoning
This idea is incredible confounding to me. We are more polarized politically the greater our intelligence? Well no wonder me and my dad never agree. We're too smart to 😂😂😂
If you posed a hypothetical in which an autocratic government performed better for the people, then the same government would have democratically. I would still choose democracy as a first principle.
The timing of this video is surely a huge coincidence... ;)
There is no Republicans vs Democrats. There is only people vs establishment. You need to correct your view and your question.
Your premise that republicans/conservatives believe guns deter crime (& thus we have a right to them) isn’t fully giving the whole story. A significant portion of conservatives don’t opine about the population level effects of guns effect on crime but rather believe in them as an INDIVIDUAL human right, totally different than the population level analysis of do they incr or decr crime. This is a very significant point that mutes the entire premise of your analysis. It’s not about a mathematical analysis of whether guns incr or decr crime on a population level but the ? is, on an individual level, are guns (& the individual security they provide) an individual human right. Our founding fathers thought so
The idea of ‘rational’ and ‘irrational’ becomes an irrelevant demarcation the more you think about it.
You're conclusion is misguided here about the politics. Showing people just numbers that go against their world view doesn't tell us anything except for our mistrust in the scientific community. They've played too many partisan games and without having the full information of a study the numbers are meaningless.
"The solution is for politicians to not use buzz words and terms that trigger tribalism" So you mean there is no solution.
the guy at 3:16 shirt is from walmart btw in case anyone was wondering 😸☝🏾
Can't blame folks, it's a weird thing it's hard to understand until you understand.
This video is so cool for the one reason he uses the strategy he presents. He doesn't advertise it has anything to do with politics, which would've turned so many people off from this video, including myself. He begins with a similar issue; he just presents it in a different context. New perspectives are always fun, thank you.
Stop using scientific language like ”climate change”, it upsets the poor conservatives 😢. Instead of changing the system we should only look at treating the symtoms like sea level rise, surely that will work better!!
You should talk to Rory Sutherland, he's all about this
If the numbers of the cream have the same population while keeping their perspective ratios, the medicated cream would be 223/75 and regular cream would be 248/50.  In my opinion, this would have made the answers more intuitive.
Was in explained that the study was fictitious?
This explains those polls showing most Americans agree on good policy
a smart person would ask  "where there people with no rash changes? how many participents? both the same amount? If both the same amount: the cream does help but has an alergic reaction to some users, I don't like the entire clickbait thing, so I won't continue to watch this video
How is it intuitive to ignore the proportion between 2 pairs of numbers when you're being asked about which proportion between those numbers is larger lol
I must be stupid because the solution to the first problem what obviously that it made it worse. Who doesn’t think in terms of proportions?
Before I get the to explanation my first assumption for the cream question is it had no affect. Since it looks like twice as many people used the cream, but a similar % of people had improvement
Isn't this just a fancy way to prove that humans have biases that affect their judgement? The placebo effect even shows that this even works subconsciously.
Couldn’t it be biased as some tables show twice as much instances of successfully/or not gun control?
I fear the problem is; there are only a few select people owning and controlling the majority of the available information and prefer the people to be less united and more tribalistic in their views. It's difficult for the average person to make reasonable decisions when they're spoon fed specific data from a particular political group or corporation, and finding countering data is very challenging unless you know specifically where to look. And simply trying to find countering points to make rational decisions can get you shunned and cast out of society. You're not allowed to have individual thought anymore.
So basically, the more intelligent you are, the more stubborn you get.
So this shows that politics makes us dumber?
These are called trick questions.
Confirmation Bias…Bad. Thank You brain man 👍
Ah yes, other people arent rational. But me on the other hand...
The problem with data is it's often biased by the company/people who collect the data. This is regularly done with medical studies in order to bring drugs to market. Studies funded by big corporations are always suspect.
Not everyone cares about your murican politics. closed, disliked
Honest video title: "On higher-stakes issues, smarter people are less credulous." Subtitle: "Circumvent their skepticism with this one simple trick!"
Veritasium has become one of the best channels on YouTube
3:29 please someone tell me the name of this music, I’ve heard it so much but I don’t know its name 😭😭
Fantastic video.
As Mark Twain allegedly said, there are three types of lies; lies, dam* lies, and statistics.
American friend? 😱😱 HES NOT AMERICAN?????
Ok but why rationalizing with proportions in that case is wrong? It seemns that its better to not use the cream
It would've helped if, while introducing the first question, you'd have mentioned that all people in the group answered, and all answers were shown. My reasoning was that both groups were equal in size and that the missing data was "no change in rash." The "no change" answer is super common and important in medical research.
Normies gonna norm
How do we make low information voters in these 2 parties interested in science? The base of the right and the left are both deeply ignorant.
I must be a real idjit, cuz I went straight to comparing the ratios, and figured the cream was harmful.
They got it wrong. It isn't about ideology it is about prior knowledge and understanding. If the data does not make sense you suspect something fishy. If it was the study about how smoking improves health the results would be even worse.  The problem is that "study" need to be well based. Too many studies are just poorly designed and we all know it.  Cream looks like typical clinical trials that look reasonable. Gun control study are... likely going to ignore too many cases since you don't take 100 cities and another 100 cities randomly selected.  Bottom line it is crooked study 🙂 - not guns - real one you quoted 🙂 right numbers - wrong conclusion, cherry picked data.
To me it points to the danger of a political class that isn't scientifically curious.. it seems to lead to blindness to evidence and that is a serious flaw for our leaders to have. Not that I find it surprising but it's still alarming because it indicates that the whole political system is built of a terrible foundation and one I see no reasonable way of improving.
Hey prof, whats numeracy mean again?
Every time I try to broach the fact that both sides are just as polarized, I usually get laughed at. I feel vindicated by this video.
I dont think the skin care question and gun question are actually interchangeable. When in the skin care question, you are presenting the base state as fact (no skin cream used whatsoever) and then comparing it directly to when said cream is used. This then makes you able to compare the results easily. In the gun question no base state is presented (in skin care you can say no cream was used but in guns you would have to assume everyone has guns for a base state to be presented, otherwise you could say as base for skin cream used, to be cream was used my some people) and so it is not directly comparable to the statistics after gun control legislation. If in cream you are comparing 0% to 100%, in the other you are comparing X% to 0%, assuming after law was put in place, nobody carries weapons on them.
the last part with Ground News shows the truth! they intentionally release 2 studies that conflict with each other ON PURPOSE TO DIVIDE US! Wake UP! it's divide and conquer! Operation Mockingbird!
In this bit my first question would be why the group sizes are so different... 2.5 times more creamers than not. Seems deliberately confusing 😮
Human masses are stupid. They, unfortunately, only deserve to be herded by propaganda. And the western imperialism is really good at it. I respect.
so what’s the conclusion? politics make people stupid and not logical?
cringe engagement bait title
"we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe." Well and most "tribes" are successful, and most successful tribes contain the logic of prescriptivism. That is "you ought to conform to the tribe or you're doing something wrong, even if it doesn't cause measurable harm to anyone." Gender has this. Religions have this. Political ideologies have this. Nationalism has this.
I've noticed this trend in my peer group too (I'm largely apolitical and try to remain scientific and remove biases when I research things). For example, if you look at the raw data of how expensive it is to provide a rail service in the UK per person, how much that costs the taxpayer, how much the spend per journey is via different modes, etc, you'd probably conclude that we should limit further investment in rail. Everybody on the left will immediately begin to tell me how I'm wrong, how trains are too expensive and should be subsidised more, how privatisation has ruined the network, and so on. People on the right often say very little, because politically they are more likely not to care much about rail. All I've done is present the data.  I've been labelled as both Tory and Labour by different people when I talk about different issues. It's a very annoying phenomenon to be part of.
You don't like to cut it close or rather cut it to even a slight left.....
I have to wonder what mathematically literate person looks at a graph/chart and doesn’t know how to compare proportional values. What person who knows anything about statistics looks at that chart and instantly goes “big number better”
illuminating
It's a bit stupid how I can't vote for something in-between democrats and republicans. I think I speak for a lot of people when I say that I agree with both sides as much as I disagree with them. The world isn't black and white, so please America, let people vote gray. Thanks.
I've thought for a long time that Republican / Democrat are essentially religious cults in America.
We all see what we want to see. It takes serious effort to look at anything with an unbiased eye.  Edit: damn autocorrect
So, Better numeracy "Smarter" also means you're better at coming up with excuses for why belief-conflicting data wouldn't be true.... The fact that "big thinkers" are more ridgid in their thinking proportional to their intelligence is something i've heard before, goes right along with this.
Can this be explained by the fact that more numerate people get the question right more so compared to a blanket baseline of people that choose the political answer, the more numerate people will have a bigger delta. Seems like a simple explanation.
The results shown in the graphs are very odd. You wouldn't expect the accuracy to go below 50% for lower-literacy people, because it's a multiple choice true/false question! So it's not surprising that the graph is flat at 50% for the "cream made rash better" case (4:05), it's more surprising that the graph goes below 50 in the other case! Maybe that's because people are more disposed to think the cream will work like he said, but then why doesn't the graph start higher than 50% in the "made rash better" case?   Now in the case of the political question where it disagrees with their opinion, it does make sense for the graph to start below 50% since they are sort of pre-disposed to be wrong. So I guess the point of the video still holds, since the accuracy in that case doesn't improve with increasing literacy. But what about the case where it agrees with their opinion? It's very surprising that the graph starts around 25% in that case... why in the world are the very low literacy people consistently choosing the answer that is neither correct nor agrees with their opinion??
The guy interviewed while walking has figured it out all... completely.
Hey veritasium, can u make a video about this new way of increasing iq called SMART relational training. It has a lot of research but its not popular and it works and it could help a lot of people
The first question is confusing in part because the marginal totals are not shown on the table, and they are difficult numbers to work with.  V’s decision to present the results in terms of odds (3x vs 5x more likely = 3:1 and 5:1) is confusing because almost no one has an intuitive feel for odds and they are highly nonlinear.  Also, this experiment is not particularly good, as the control group was not a placebo control.    However, V’s comments starting @1:44 are highly misleading at best.   “Using no cream, your rash was significantly more likely to improve.”  In any traditional academic paper, this would imply that a statistical test had been performed and that No Cream was statistically significantly better than Cream.  This is not obvious at all from the data, but the p-value is just over .05 — not unequivocal that there is a difference at all (using standard NHST).  @1:46, V says “in fact, it’s fair to say that, on average, the cream made rashes worse”.  It seems reasonably likely that, compared to nothing/no cream, the cream was about 8.5 percentage points or about 10% less likely to result in improvement — but this was not statistically significantly different, and exactly p=.05 is marginal.    However, a more usual interpretation of the statement “the cream made the rash worse” would be that the majority of people using the cream got worse — which is not at all the case, as 75% improved even using the cream.  It is true that “on average, the cream made the rash worse than the control group”, which because of the lousy design was not placebo, as most knowledgeable readers would think, but nothing.  So sure… it’s true in a sense, but none of this is very good exposition of what was actually shown by the data (not to mention the absence of a “stayed the same” group, which surely would exist).
I used to read different newspapers and listen different radio stations but now with the algorithms I’m afraid to look at something that I know it’s from the other side because then my YouTube will be a mess. I try to go private browsing but then ads!!
good video
Dank A. Hahn
Not a fan of this video. It shows both sides as if they’re equally valid, and that both should be given equal weight in policy-making…  One side denies science and fear-mongers. The other does not. You’re not going to convince me to work alongside the idiots who cry themselves to sleep imagining trans people under their bed at night  This is centrist propaganda. Disliked, unsubbed
This is reassuring to me. Because I know I fall into these traps and I beat myself up for not being more rational and more critical. But to see that it's the same and in some cases worse for others, makes me feel better. Not to be complacent, but to grow and be curious.
The gun control survey is definitely not the same as the skin cream question.  The main difference is one (the cream) uses completely made-up data about a hypothetical, while the gun control one is about something that actually happened, uses one data set that reflects reality, and uses one that is essentially disinformation.  So sussing out the answer is less about our numeracy for that particular table than it is about general news media literacy.
I paused at 1 minute into the video to write this, it looks like this is more philosophical/math the selected numbers are set up to appear psychologically obvious to mislead you when the second set is more decisive. (I LOVE THIS CHANNEL) I'm a fan of Bertrand Russell but I am pretty bad at math. I like "sets".
How we should deal with biased researches and data is the more important question.
I appreciate the effort and I agree on the need to reduce polarization, and yes the mechanism of bias might be similar in different political groups but: there is clearly one political party denying science more than the other. Denying climate change, vaccines, and being more prone to conspiracy theories and in general a total disregard for truth (there’s an interesting TED talk about BS vs lies). You can’t fight climate change just being careful not to ‘trigger’ your badly informed or bad intentioned political opponents.
Aaaaargh the stupidity.. It burns!!
I disagree, the top row has 298 results, the bottom row has 128 results. To really show a correlation the sample count is crucial and at least need to be equal (which is not mentioned here). If iits not equal, a higer sample rate contains much more information then a low number due to unkown factors like age, genetics etc. So i would rather use a cream with a 3x change of imroving then do nothing based on a small sample count of people
Lol, I have no political home, but I know who I disagree with one most topics. Anyone that can’t explain why they believe what they believe or why they have their opinion, is a sheep.
Whew good thing I’m not like THEM
Anybody else got stuck on the question because the data for no change was missing? If a large enough amount of participates using the cream and had no improvement or worsening, then using the cream suddenly becomes better than not using it.
That was a brutal clickbait
As person with knowledge of statistics, I would have said with that uneven distribution of the sample sizes this data is trash, cause no conclusion can be made 😄 Also, they should have included a bilnd placebo group if they had really wanted to assess the cream efficacy.
It’s creasy that we all think how rational we decide when our brain just fools us  A real eyeopener
Are the participants in the survey tested before and after using/not using the cream? I mean is there someone that tested at least their fitness levels before/after? What's the rash type, what's in the cream, etc ...
Big applause that this video didn't bend toward any of the political parties. But I think like the skin cream or crime rate, we need to dive deeper and gather the possible reasons behind, coz like light duality, we see the phenomenon but why does it happen is the hardest part, we have our believes at first but we need to urge to find out the facts.
Crazy seeing my home university in this video!
I'm a civil engineer and I've noticed this effect within my peer group, where they'll ignore their numerical reason where it runs counter to their ideology. It's something that's bothered me for a long time.
Old news unfortunately. With politicized issues people have not only already made their mind up, but have staked their sense of identity and morality on their chosen answer. Though more relevant to this video, a guy on the street is not trust worthy, even if they claim to have a study and have a chart in their hands. Science is supposed to represent objective reality, but often it fails. Even flat earthers have (extremely flawed) experiments backing them up. Cherry picking (flawed) studies is simply WAY too common, even major news corporations do it constantly. A lot of science is funded by groups with agendas; a lot of researchers are biased. Unless you deliberately seek out science news, you probably have the problem that many of the studies you happen to encounter have an agenda behind them, somebody somewhere wants you to read their study for a good reason.
Gotta love it when you think it’s more complicated than it actually is and thus get the wrong answer
I just want to know if political affiliation and core values are in any way correlated to zip code.
I don't know how you can ascertain how the skin cream made the skin worse. You could say that either one made it better or worse.....but how do you decide if one made it worse based upon the limited data? There isn't even a placebo. I don't get it.
Biden :" You ain't Black if you don't vote for me" . Biden :"Reps are trash" . Trump:"Puerto Rico is an island of garbage" . Me :"US is a 💩hole" 😂
Im pretty sure u need to be very smart to get that first question right
This experiment is flawed, especially the political questions side of it:  1. Exposure to Prior Information: Every participant will already have information about gun control (unlike the skin cream).  2. Lack of Trust: People will expect lies or doctored information around an election - which is exactly what’s happening in the study…😅 You lied to them about the facts.   3. Unknown Polling Bias: Is there a difference in the demographic or percentage of people from either political affiliation that don’t answer polls? I generally don’t answer polls, I’d be even less interested in hearing political stump statics I can’t verify on the spot.   There’s more, but you get the point. These sorts of social experiments are extremely difficult to do well as there are so many factors involved. It was something the Mythbusters struggled with as well. Adding a known political dimension to the experiment made it even more difficult.
I mean I got it right and I'm a medical doctor, am I in trouble?
It seems like that conclusion that "smarter" people are simply more steadfast/stubborn in their beliefs is itself a hasty conclusion. What about the possibility that those people are dealing with a larger datasets? The contradictory information could just represent a smaller portion of their available knowledge ("well this data says this, but I can recall five other studies that say otherwise"), which seems more like availability heuristic than confirmation bias.
If can I ask, please. What was the proportion between women and men in rash cream quest? Age diagram is, probably, also interesting.
This is not a valid study - the lie is so stupid and egregious that your researchers lose credibility. The study participants do not believe you - because you are telling a VERY stupid lie. You assume they trust you - but you KNOW you're lying, and so do many test subjects.
It's ridiculously bad experiment design. You shouldn't conclude anything from such an axperiment.
Why are there sides? We are all here together.
I think it is because things like crime rates and gun control have *other* variables that can *largely* influence the numbers, compared to something simple as "a hand cream", which many people will either consciously or instinctively recognize when it comes to a subject like gun control. Trying to compress complex issues into simply two variables without any control group / and presenting it as "the ultimate truth" can be extremely misleading. For the hand cream, you only need to change the results of one variable for people to flip the switch. However, for a subject that has incredible amount of variables, then you would have needed to change the result of *many more* variables for people to change their mind. Which is a lot harder than just working with two. (Which is usually where the actual issue is, because some of the "other variables" we have collected over the years will vary greatly, and not all of them are sourced properly).   In other words, due to people's lack of knowledge of hand creams, the first question was presented like a math question to them where only two variables mattered. Like "Tom bought 472 apples to make an apple pie for his birthday next month, if he gave away 72, how many apples will he have for his birthday party?" type of math problem. However, the second one was no longer treated as a simple math question, but rather people start asking "well who the heck buys 472 apples to make an apple pie? He might not have more than 400 apples left because most of them would rot away!"
I mean if it's a made up experiment, let's put the amount of participants at 1000.   22% improved and 7% got worse and 71% nothing changed , no cream was 10% and 2% with 88% no change. So while yes there is a greater percent chance that your rash will get worse, there is also a greater chance that it will get better.  And a 12% increase is greater than a 5%. So yes your increasing your odds of getting worse, but your decreasing your odds of nothing happened and getting the most increase in your rash getting better.  (Assuming all the people in the experiment were exactly the same, same genetics, environment, habits, all that good stuff.)  It's not a fair assumption to make because while 5% of the group got worse, 12% got better. And in a group of people, your more likely to be in that 12% than that 5%.  Like you had an 88% chance of nothing happening. Now 17% of those people will have a change, whether better or worse. 12% will get better and 5% will worsen. (Percent based on that original out of 1000 people instead of 12% of 82%)  But that's how I view it, I'd argue you need the information of how many participants were in the experiment. If not, there was a less number of people without cream than with cream. And so you'd have to adjust your numbers.   There are 170 more people in the cream experiment. 1/3 of those people would have gotten worse while 2/3 got better since it's 3x.  With making the amount of participants equal 18 people got worse and 110 got better. So even if it's a different amount of subjects in the experiment your less likely for it to worsen if you use cream.  (Sorry wasn't clearly thinking early and when rethinking things didn't add up. It's easy to get lost in thought when texting) but I'm curious to see how you put it.
Stop with the deceptive thumbnails already!
You didn't say if the control group and cream-using group were the same size, if the control group was a third of the size of the cream-using group then not using cream  if actually more effective, if the groups are the same size then cream is more likely to cure you and also more likely to make your problem worse. Also the chart does not say whether people whose rash stayed the same were included or if all study participants were forced into a better or worse category and that makes a big difference.  All in all, you can't make a proper full determination from the chart without having all of the correct relevant info and the chart should thus be completely dismissed until that info is provided.  This is never mentioned in the video so, thumbs down, the video and study are stupid.
Agree ... However, you miss one important point here: the bias in those who produce, interpret and present the data.  Therein lies the source of the problem!  You are a clever guy! Did you buy the COVID Data and the arguments pushed publicly to promote the lock-downs, the "right" treatment, the vacc or the mandates? You know that they lied whenever they "studied" something and open their mouth publicly! Wat did you do? Same with the CO²-BS! YOU - and yes, I mean YOU! - YOU know that they lie about the correlation and the causality between CO² and temperature ;-)  Now, if I asked you to guess how most people in academics and media vote, what would you guess?
I wish more people applied this line of thinking to the current events in eastern Europe, damn
Nice click bait "smarter people are more likely to question data". Is the true tale here. The variables here was basically if the data conflicted with opinion. The smarter you are the more likely you are you not simply accept data. Which is not arrogance is a age we literally call the " misinformation" age. You can't disregard the fact that they did better on unbiased data that required deeper thinking. I don't think they "got it wrong" they "didn't accept" the answer. (It's click bait cause "worse" would mean they didn't get the "correct". It's not uncommon for smart people to correct a test they're taken if the true answers isn't present, I was waiting for something that challenged my intelligence not something that says "trust me bro") Or change the title to "smarter people have a harder time on fictional data sets" or simply clarify to only use the information present, and not to take it seriously. Cause, the smarter you are the more reinforced your opinion SHOULD be. If I can easily sway you then.......😅
Political Villainization by all sides, is in my opinion the biggest problem in modern times.
Now think about the fact that there's people who know how to, and actively practice manipulating, these cognitive biases.
On a political question I'm a lot more likely to ignore the numerical aspect and assume the pollster has an agenda in trying to get me to respond a certain way.  Like I'm not obliged to do math and then say "gun control is bad" just because someone asks me to.
People that are “educated” are not smarter than those with the ability to reason. There are those that recite what they’ve been told, and those that look at the data and come to their own conclusion.
Maybe I misunderstood, but the study showed more that if you present the data in a bad way, people don't look into it much unless it conflicts with their worldview.
ALL I get from that is here's at least 1 legit, good TedX Talk🙂
posting about critical thinking before the election is very slay of you
I had a term for something similar for a while:   "Knowledge blindness"  Where some things are not as obvious for a trained individual compared to a naive one.  I have this a lot with electronics like "Huh is this device working? Is it the voltage getting here?" While a trace crack or a obvious burnt component is like: "Am I a joke to you?"
We have political leaders would profit from this tribalism. In fact, they are deathly afraid of what would happen if Americans woke up and realized that they have more in common with each other than with most politicians.
The "below 5"-crowd all got roughly 50%, All those groups didn't know how to solve it and were purely guessing.
People who participate in polls may present a statisticly significant horde, but the fact that most people never participate in polls, significantly distinguishes them from the vast majority of the population. Since this difference is not incorporated in the results, those results are not representative for the whole population. Was that the point you were trying to make?
This whole clip, starting with the research on gun control is great scam. There is a difference between controlled group of people applying cream to cities implementing gun control. Its moronic to present these two issues as similar, as comparable. Pitiful approach, sorry.
When you're so dumb you aren't even good at being dumb ._.
Thank you. Great work!
I came here through the Brazilian channel Engenharia Detalhada ! É nois Brasilll !!! 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
I would love to watch a conversation between you and Dr K from Healthy Gamer :D
You cannot reason someone out of something they were never reasoned into Quote Jonathon Swift  Maybe not 'NEVER' but exceedingly difficult...  Politics is not logical  All decisions are made emotively and backed up by logic:  their confirmation bias logic
There is another thing I wish this study could include in their analysis of the data...  Neurotypical vs neurodivergent mental-processes.  I have a strong suspicion that the effects of socio-political effects (group-mentality effects) are MORE strongly correlated in the data amongst neurotypical individuals, and that neurodivergent individuals will follow the more natural numeracy curve.  I just don't have the ability to obtain the kinds of data that could prove or disprove the theory.
how about gun control vs government over-reach such as p'nut the Squirrel? Your premise is wrong in any case - gun ownership is not about reducing crime it's about preventing a tyranny such as what the democrats are engaged in. Ask the real question and numeracy isn't involved. .
His point about being ostracized doesn't explain how conservatives have managed to stay so strong over the last 10-20 years. They are constantly bullied by the elite and MSM/Hollywood for having the "wrong beliefs". Half of my conservative friends were afraid to come out to me as conservative because of all the backlash they have gotten from speaking their beliefs in public. I think Democrats are much more concerned about fitting in with the tribe than Republicans.
The main problem is as ever getting good evidence to form a base for any conclusion. Reality is almost never as simple as those examples and the statistics is notorious famous for being "massaged" or even bluntly faked. That's why most of us go with their "gut feeling" so often even when there's not nearly enough personal experience to guarantee some level of intuition.  I like the idea of limiting or banning political slogans. It's always a vulgar attempt at manipulating your "gut feeling". It's always an insult for any intelligent human.
Don't we need to know the assize of each group?  At no point is it stated that these numbers represent the entirety of the groups: there could be 10,000 people who saw no change with the cream, and 4 people who saw no change without it.   I think the right answer is,  "Not enough information."
so this study is biased because it's created by some with Democratic tendencies... not done with enough evidence to support freedom... despite fear of death...
I may be completely out of the point of this video but as a statistics major I hope any one of me and my collegues would easily find the right answer in under a minute. I am not sure how "numeracy" was evaluated in this study but I highly doubt it was done so correctly (according to my personal beliefs and opinions), especially for the numbers 8 and 9. I would strongly urge anyone who wants to accurately do this study to include a large or fairly large sample (30+) of specifically high numeracy individuals which I personally would consider to be math and economics/statistics majors. Physics and chemist majors I would say count as an 8 at best. I would expect any such study to have a minimum of 95% success rate in answering what is basically the most basic question any student could hope to see on an introductory course in statistics, tho I would hope nothing short of 100%. Atleast from what I can tell by these studies the 9 on the evaluation was given overly loosely and/or the sample size was nowhere near what it should have been.  I should also mention that an accurate iq test whould introduce some interesting new parameters in the study apart from numeracy to give some interesting results
People that haven't aligned themselves with a political party see this on a daily basis.  Those that have aren't even aware they do it, and getting through to them is nearly impossible.  Most people assume they do this because towing the party line is more important to them than being honest, but in reality their mind has been so indoctrinated by their party's views that they can't see the truth when it's right in front of them.
You should view your video in Arabic language  I could help you with that ‏‪5:23‬‏
Turns out we politics brings out the worst part of us
What does it even mean for crime to improve or worsen. Does worsened crime mean less crime as the downward arrow suggests, or more crime as the red color suggests, or does it mean the criminals are worse at what they do, or is the type of crime more heinous making it worse for its victims?  Anyway, I wouldn't call any of these political zealots, from either side, smart, regardless of their numeracy.
i love what you are doing for democratie
The cream trial group has 2.5 times MORE rashes. The cream is causing rashes to be common, and more severe.
a bit late. All the mail-in ballots which you could have prevented from going out with the wrong vote. I hope it is still enough.
so beeing alone for a long time makes you smartar than a smart guy in ur same level
yeah gun control might reduce violence, more specifically  the treat of dying but  no gun protection means been enslaved by the bullies who  don't respect rule of law the psychopathic types..billionaires...mafias and so on... and they don't respect the right to life... so gun control is not safe despite political belief...slavery kills too and starves the population to death worse suffering than a gunshot...
How can someone be soo dump in not believing in global warming? It is not something to believe in it is a fact that you can see and fell even in few years if life like rising temperatures and more frequent extreme weather. It is not right not to believe in something that just is, it is like not believing that there is no sun or no moon or no stars.
Veratasium for president
I just got stuck on the lack of numbers for the rash being unchanged. The thing just screams that there's omitted data and that no conclusions can be drawn. When that's the case, it really invites speculation into effects not really grounded in the numbers presented. I just assumed the answer would be connected to the size of the "unchanged" group you would expect to see in any of these scenarios.
Got every question right 😎
I did the math, and even with the cream improving the rash, if you consider a 30% placebo effect, the cream doesn't really have a significant effect on skin condition.
I LOVE LIBEERALS SO MUCH YUM YUM YUM
Sad that Veritasium video is not fairly presented. Right before the election...
This is democratic propaganda!
Can someone smarter than me explain the 11:45 graph? Derek seems to be in favour of increasing "science curiosity" amongst the population, but if I read the graph on the right properly, doesn't is show that science curiosity have absolutely no impact on how people answer the global warming question? What's the point?
Wait, before we go on. I got the first answer right because it's instantly obvious . So ... I'm stupid now because I got it right?   I don't get it...guess I actually am stupid.  Will watch rest of video to see exactly how stupid.
The control group had no cream!?!?! Arggghhhhhhhh!!!! Come on!!!
This argument is absurd, the numbers around political issue are much more faceted than number goes up or down. We saw this with the FBI stats recently saying crime has gone down to be stealth edited months later. Chicago has some of the highest gun crime in the country with some of the strictest gun laws, so it seems there are other factors a play.
Rational thinkers don't believe they are rational.
good luck getting tribalism out of politics, all the major news networks actively perpetuate this trend
I think it is more complicated.  I think that people ration their time and on any given subject there will always be more information, new information you haven't looked at, and information you have discarded as false, bias, or unreliable.  Since everyone isnt an expert of every subject, especially when the subject is political, people rely on other methods to compensate. For example people will develop a interconnected world-view so related topics are linked via shared cause or comple interaction, this is why a political discussion/debate can jump from topic to topic without any specific resolution.  The issue with this is that data that doesn't align with the world-view becomes biased against, and supporting data favored. Given sufficemt quantities of information against the world-view, and a cessation of supporting information, someone can change their view and principle on a given matter. It should be noted that such a change is cognitively 'painful', and can lead to a great deal of uncertainty and trepidation, about their other opinions, and the prospect of investigating those pillars/branches of their world-view.  I think that people who are more intelligent (have more excess cognition and interests) maybe able to readily pickup amd discard ideas based on the data. However I suspect that such people are less likely to be passionate about any particular position. The emotional investment in a position/stance often necessitates bias as to guard ones own heart, and mind from the cognitive backlash.  I suspect that not simply due to the aging process of the human mind, but that depending on level of investmemt and base intelligence, there are a limited number of times someone is going to radically shift their world-view.  It is no wonder therefore that you found the results you did. I assume the participants were told about the study afterwards, and that we dont have people of both sides now with false information rattling around their minds lending reinforcemnt to biased ideas, of one leaning or another.  To be clear data and studies are important, but at a population level I suspect principles, ideas, narattive, and vision, are more impactful when it comes to giving people the world-view to start with; on which they hang that data, like decorations on a Christmas tree.
Lesson learned?  Numbers don’t lie, politicians do.
You know what's dumb. The fact that stuff like climate change and minority rights are considered political and are advised to be avoided altogether. I imagine future people will laugh at us as we now laugh at stuff like women rights and slavery, which for us seem so obvious
I would like to see what questions were asked. Don’t expect people to answer a political question with maths, much like you don’t use politics to answer a maths question.  A political question almost always has misleading statistics so people often ignore them
1:41 Me, being an extra-smart person: You can’t tell if the cream was *significantly* worse without conducting a statistical analysis, first. Categorical data isn’t my area, but I think Fisher’s exact test is the one for this? Edit: doing a quick FET shows that there is NO significant difference in the proportions between the two groups, p = .057. Using the less-conservative Chi-square test, instead, is barely significant, at p = .047.
The real dumb people watch a 15 minute video about obvious proportional reasoning whose point could've fitted in a Short.
Even veritasium has to do a politics video...
He started talking about how politics affect the way people answer, and I just knew the Ground News ad was coming...
Honestly average asian who doesnt drop primary school would get it right .......
I’m glad I’m of a generally scientific mind
This video turning out to be about politics was a really unexpected twist.
I won, but at what cost.
Dogma its a mental illness!
👌
Thank god imma dirty fense sitting centrist
Ok I see, Americans have a different definition for being "Smart"
This is one of the dumbest tests to gain real world ideologies out of, not just because sample size and context isn't included making the data appear very questionable for real the world. Semantics is an issue as well, if people know it's a maths question the word "Better" changes. Kind of like Double negatives aren't the same in language as mathematical language, that contexts matters a lot.
the question is ambiguous as to whether you are to compare with the other group or just to say "did people on average get better or worse while using the cream"
Well, nobody chooses to believe something wrong. It just happens, and the longer we back that story, the more the sunken cost fallacy kicks in. The smarter you are, the more skilled you become in rationalizing your wrong beliefs.
It's funny how the US' broken two-party-system proved helpful in this particular research experiment.  Imagine how much more complex a survey like this would be in a nation where there is actual political divesity.
It seems to me that emotions are an evolutionary shortcut to making timely decisions when the variables are too complex, the needed data is lacking, or the reasoning process would take too long to be practical. (Anyone who experiences decision paralysis when overwhelmed by too many choices can relate.)  And from what I can tell, most people make most decisions based on emotion first, and only afterward do they use their reasoning abilities to rationalize that choice retroactively. That is why science had to be invented -- to try and control our tendency to fool ourselves.
"You are *not* immune to propaganda" - garfield
There's a big difference between "smarter people do worse" and "due to smarter people having a higher baseline ability, their proportional decrease in ability is greater given a particular circumstance." This is a pretty clear case of the regression to the mean fallacy, since below a certain numeracy level the question basically just becomes predetermined and practically equivalent to flipping a coin. The reality of the data you show in this video clearly indicate that those with the best numeracy still performed the best, which in my opinion, directly contradicts what any reasonable person would think if they saw the title of this video. I could be wrong, but I just felt mislead watching this.  The other weird thing is that if you've lived your whole life believing something for good scientific reasons, it's not exactly reasonable for them to change their mind once they receive one example of conflicting evidence written haphazardly on a foam board provided by a complete stranger with a camera pointed at them. If you came across someone showing clear evidence of a flat earth, you're not about to be all "open-minded" and "rational" by accepting that maybe you're wrong, no, your confidence about your own evidence vastly outweighs one case study.  Lastly, and oh my god it pisses me off that I have to say this, but it should be braindead obvious that people perform worse in the political version of the questions. Nobody has a belief about a fictional skin cream, nobody has ever been shown evidence about your hypothetical product, and nobody is out voting for their favorite skin cream. You've presented this video like people are unable to be objective about politics, but you could have used basketball stats in a line full of lakers fans showing that lebron makes his team worse or something, and you still would have gotten the same result. Because what this study shows isn't what you seem to think it shows; it just shows that people, in general, are unwilling to take one case study at face value when it contradicts all the other evidence they've seen. If anything, people's willingness to be skeptical of your poster and not let it hinder their judgement is a positive sign.
I'm a pretty "loner" type of guy. I don't really care to be part of anything. I am how I am, and if I'm welcome hey, that's great and if not no worries, my cave is fine too. I think it comes down to emotional control. People were freaking out over lock-down, and I was truly enjoying not HAVING to go outside. Being comfortable with by yourself, with your own thoughts in your own head is apparently the one thing that makes you immune to groupthink and herd mentality.  Im self taught in a lot of science things, always have had that curiosity to tinker and figure things out, and the numbers on the table didn't look right, plus its just good practice to check the math to see if it backs up the conclusions. I genuinely don't care what the facts are, those are the facts and they aren't negotiable.
Correct Conclusion: Politics Makes People Dumber.
Might the reason be because they won't trust a random guy showing them data that may or may not be true? I think that has a lot to do with this discrepancy.
no you asked a republican with democratic tendencies so it gave you a democratic answer and it had nothing to do with switching the chard backwards..
nonsense. one thing is to have someone dead because of "lead poisoning", and quite another an almost placebo feeling of applying a cream to a rash. and mixing politics into it is the physics equivalent of the Higgs boson creating dark energy.
the skin cream question triggers me and I'm dropping this video, I'm 3:02. First who the **** takes, 298 people into test group and then 128 into control group.. IT just doesn't make sense. Second where are people who didn't worsen and didn't improve, even if it's actually 0, you would have this bracket. Is this only one type of skin rash or multiple just jammed into one "fake study ", because I wouldn't be surprised if it was jammed. Basically what I'm trying to say, this fake study is trash.
I want to see the std deviation/error bars at each numeracy score.. I bet its most random error/insignificant up until a numeracy of 4.5 or so.
One big issue, these experimental results are meaningless without determining if the subject is able to properly analyse data. Unless you tested on so many people that this "effect" is insignificant, if so you need to elaborate how you determined that independently. The disucssing on the phenomenon is excellent as usual tho!
The graph just doesn't give you enough information about what those numbers mean, I've listened to you explained it several times and still don't fully comprehend how that explains what you say it does
Ecclesiastes 1:18
Cream and gun control *aren't* the same kind of studies, even though numbers are the same. The cream study is essentially a univariant study. I.e. either you apply cream or you don't. The GC study has prerequisites and side effects with lots of variables. Like the cities with GC must've had very capable enforcement powers as a prerequisite to implement it. The cities that lifts GC must've had required supporting social climate for enacting it. Not to mention the crime flow between the cities with or without GC. Democrats and republicans are focused on the particular subsets of these factors. Hence the answers. In a sense both answers aren't wrong
News stations use select words and language to keep me from changing stations. I know if I hear “guns don’t kill people..” I bounce to another station. But, the older I get  the more centered I am.
How to tell if you’re neurodivergent: first question, that’s a bad study, are they testing a specific cream or one cream?
There's more information dictating the discussion because the topic is hotly debated thus causing the more superficial information to be overlooked. The studies started measuring faith.
It is very frustrating how politics impacts these topics. I tried to have an open mind on gun control and see what research and the experts say and was horribly frustrated by all the political slant. This is from both sides. Everything is cherry-picked to show a message. How are honest inquirers to learn things with so much noise?
I think the major confounding factor is that you presented fake data on a topic where real data exists and is widely known.  You went from the effect of an unknown drug to an effect that is widely studied and known.
Back in high school I believed that climate change wasn't caused by humans and was rather a natural cycle of the earth. It took me until freshman or sophomore year of college to realize that I was just ignoring the data because I didn't want humans to be the problem.
While you are watching this video and reading this comment, more people in Gaza have turned into red mist thanks to weapons provided by the USA.
And this, my friends, is why democracy is dumb.
Ouch, I might need to reconsider my believes... Thanks for the rabbit hole ;)
And here I am, irritated about the skin care question and how the control group is no proper control group because you should have the control group apply cream as well, just without any ingredients, to try to counteract placebo/nocebo effects
Pedazo vídeo
Even suggesting climate change is a polarizing term goes to show how wrong things have gone
The lady who said, "I need to know what is the rash and what is the cream you are giving me".  I can't comprehend having this level of intelligence.  It blows my mind that people are this dumb.
In other words, the double-negative wording in the ‘Study’ created political propaganda, which was used for money & power.
Wait I'm failing to even understand the question with the gun control framing. Is it total number of cities and then X of them get better/worse? Or percentage? What's the control mean in this scenario? There's not an easy 1:1 comparison to the skin cream. I can't be the only one confused by this.
were these people asked to rate their own level of numeracy? if so, the experiment is just suggesting that the most tribal people are just the most self-praising
The study is flawed. The assignment to treatment and control groups for a skin cream typically is done randomly, while concealed gun legislation is not randomly distributed accross cities. The first is a randomized controlled trial, the second is not. You would expect people with greater numeracy to realise that correlation does not imply causation in the gun legislation case, such that the numbers say very little.
I came here through the Brazilian channel Engenharia Detalhada
I hope you realize this is not a natural phenomenon or a feature of the human brain, this is brainwashing by those in power.
I've noticed this myself... It's called confirmation bias. We see data and manipulate it in our minds to fit the narrative we've already predetermined. Both sides of the aisle politically would rather double down and feel like they're still right than actually admit that their policies and agendas are wrong. With regards to gun control I'm very PRO gun. Being ex military and a former police officer. Because of that I more sign with conservative Republicans. But with other areas I would consider myself an independent.
I suspect that the presence of the camera also affected the outcome here. If you point a camera at somebody and present them with a politically-charged topic, their focus is bound to shift at least slightly from actually analyzing the question to figuring out what to say about it. You can see here that in the skin cream examples people were mostly focused on trying to figure out the results, whereas in the gun control examples they were explaining *why* the results were the way they were.
Shouldn't the definition of smarter mean someone who is able to to extrapolate to the future better ? This video just does not make sense to me... (or maybe it does if it's paid?)
This whole video is a overcomplicated defintion of " Confirmation Bias "
Dang, if dumb people get it correct more often, and smart people tend to get this wrong, I'm hella smart as I knew right away the ratio was the real result, not how many were tested.  Also, anyone showing this to me and claiming it was fact, first ask to know the study source and find out for yourself, almost all person on the street polls are BS.
and thats why I hate politics
Soooo you just copied an old TED talk? Tsk tsk tsk
I remember a time when social media didn't bastardize societal relations.....
The problem with politics is that it isn't about doing what best for the people it's about hijacking the reigns of power into to benefit those in power to the highest degree, politicians have no interest in pursuing the interests of their constituents beyond what it would take to get reelected. Our entire political system is a sham.
I don't think this necessarily is a story about tribalism, but about bayesian thinking, which was covered on this channel but seems to have been forgotten. Most people don't care about skin cream, but have a lot of preexisting data in their minds about a charged topic, so when evidence comes to light that contradicts previous data, they are resistant to change. If you recieved a similar set of data that "proved" the earth was flat, but nevertheless was internally consistent data, wouldn't you be strongly resistant to it? I would.
The study’s conclusions are severely flawed. Smart Americans know politicized statistics are lies, so smart Americans will NOT form opinions based on politicized data. Our knowledge of censorship & manipulation lead us to ignore propaganda, which is why people ignored the numbers.
I suspect the extremists at the far left and far right of politics that do even worse than those in the centre.
Good take on the limits of our reasoning. So, when I have looked at the data and concluded in a way that makes me part of a small political minority, I'll take that as a sign that I'm not motivated by wanting to be popular, at least. And I hope it's not that I subconsciously want people to dislike me, either... but rather that the data actually is showing what I think it does.
I found this video genius.
13:55 sad that the data provided by state or federal agencies are not aligned, maybe worth to take a look at that and fix it. So there are no two sides.
Its just an abstract mathematical question. It's not a real statistics. It can be about gun or unicorns whatever... People seem to not understand this
Both "quantity" and "quality" are important measures. The interesting question to me is whether an aggregation of both contains the "complete" informational picture. Stay curious.
Wait... Those graphs at the beginning shouldn't be continuous.. right?
@veritasium Can you clarify if the panel knew that the studies were fictitious before they give their answers? It's not fully clear to me.
Did your view of Global Warming change since your last video on the subject?
The better you are at reasoning the easier it is to fool yourself.
I think this video puts 2 different problems into the same bag: 1) Do we jump to conclusions based on our political biases when confronted with non-obvious data and 2) do we believe the data when we understand it's full meaning? Yes, people jump to conclusions since even people with high numeracy skip over the details when the question is political. But that does not mean that people refuse the results when they are explained what the numbers really mean. This is wrongly insinuated in the segment where ppl talk if they are willing to accept the evidence. I'd be curious how that metric performes across the political divide.
The gun control example is really bad one since the cities aren’t chosen randomly and there could be all sorts of confounding factors - e.g. if they enacted gun control, is it because shootings were out of control? I’d be hesitant to answer from just a grid of numbers like that.
Tribalism is holding us back in the modern era
So, we tend to interpret data to support our pre-existing beliefs. This is not new.
It's the media's fault. They profit off of fear and division.
Getting the answer correct in the survey: 😎 Watching this video later: 😦
So you’re saying politics makes people biased?! The hell you say!
If your friend's nickname is "Coyote" imma be pissed!
4:19 - I did not see that coming...
Well, they are not smart. They're idiots.
I might’ve missed it, but what does the numeracy mean and how is it obtained?
I used proportional reasoning, but I apparently did it completely wrong. I just looked at the size of the experimental group, realized that it's larger than the control group, noticed that the rash got better group was close to a 2 to 1 ratio, then looked at the rash got worse group to see if it exceeded the 2 to 1 ratio, which it did.  Edit: I guess I should have finished the video before commenting 🤔
Ideologies make us dumb
The conclusion made here is rather naive, in my opinion. What I see is that on a non meaningful issue people are more ready to accept information provided to them while on a meaningful issue people less ready to accept information provided. This is the mechanism that has enabled single study science to be accepted as science fact and in turn gives rise to the "reproducibility crisis". Regardless of wether we behave like this because we want to belong to our group, we should strive for everyone to not accept information that is presented as fact without further context.  The issue is much larger than it first appears. Science is in a state where it sees itself as an authority where it by and large go unchallenged. The truth, that science is supposed to be after, is in most cases much more complex than what we expect. From a security point of view this is a huge attack vector and is open to anyone who spends a bit of time to figure out how it works to take advantage of.   To be clear, when I say "science" I am referring to the current practice of science and not the idea of science.
And then the same people have an opinion on geopolitics
nothing new I would say, this is basically way how statistics are made up they seem better the really are. I would say this study basically shows, we are not "clever" people, we all do, what we feel, not realizing what all this feel can easily influence
there is a wonderfully illustrated video on the same topic by afterskool. Well worth a watch, after this.  "why smart people believe stupid things".
To all my trump voter friends don’t forget to vote next Tuesday the 12th!  To all my kamala voter friends, don’t forget to vote!
Suspicious that we don't see the data points in graphs shown at around 7:55. What's the N here?
I agree with this sentiment. But there’s a difference between being in a cult and being politically biased. I’m not even having arguments about data. The people I argue with simply believe what they want to and they see data of any kind as an elitist conformity to the system. It’s not about right versus left, it’s about everyone vs Trump. And if you are with Trump, you aren’t with him because of his policies or because you’re seeing concerning data or because you care about one issue or another. You’re with him because you have this vague feeling that things are declining and Trump has inflamed that feeling and he’s blamed everyone who isn’t him for it. So you can’t trust media or science or medicine or the justice system or stats or data or anything. You cannot have a discussion about data with a Trump supporter. That’s where we’re at right now. I already know that if the hot button issues get worse under Trump, all of his supporters will pretend it’s better. If more migrants are let into our country under Trump, it won’t be because of him or it’ll suddenly be a good thing. If inflation goes up under Trump, it won’t be because of him or it’ll be a good thing or it’ll be because the deep state fudged the numbers to make him look bad.   There is no conversation to have. That’s the problem. You can’t solve that by tip-toeing around and holding one side to a standard while making excuses for another side. You’re right, the reason they do it is because of that tribal instinct. You can’t override that with data. It’s not a matter of recognizing our biases (perhaps the left can have that discussion because at least we’re willing to have it) it’s a matter of disabusing people of the notion that a charismatic cult leader can’t actually deliver on what they think he can. It’s a matter of trust, not a matter of data or unbiased thinking.   And yes, we are the same. Of course we are. But that’s not an excuse to pretend that being in a cult is the same thing as being politically biased. All of us could join a cult so we aren’t better than anyone else. But we have to come at the problem as it is rather than pretending it’s something it isn’t.
Are no one going to point out its impossible to answer this question "correctly"? Firstly, if we assume that both groups (real vs placebo) where equally big, then you could say the real cream was better (more than doubled the amount of people getting cured), where the ones who got worse was allergic or something; AND there is a big hidden number of "NEUTRAL" testers, who had no change at all.  Then another set of unknown variables come up if we assume that the groups are different size, if its relevant exactly who takes it (if environmental or genes have extra effect when combined with medicin), if its some other substance/food that a portion of the population use that has cross effect with the cream (both good and bad; could even be with the placebo idk).   Basically correct answer is "idk, need more information"
The thing I hate about political parties is the clustering of issue stances; eg you can't be both pro-choice and pro-death penalty
The chart is also very misleadingly designed. Why would you test different amounts of the both options. It seems like a trap for biased people.
Humans need to be tribalistic enough to work together but not tribalistic enough to tear each other apart
Extremely misleading title. Click bait. Dislike
So basically, people are daft. Who would have thought?
yeah we already know people are bias..
I am so dumb I got them all right HELL YEAH!!!!
We here on YouTube, see the numbers and know what we are doing when we are shown the numbers, we know that we are "participating" in a ""study"", we have also had a bit more time to think about the numbers. The people on the street make an answer on the spot, giving it without really thinking about why.
But this is kind of due to the fact that many politicians tend to lie and fake statistics
So you've found people are biased good job
More people need to read Pinker's "Rationality" :)
Me getting the answer right easily ... Oh.
Random dude : "Me see big number. So cream good" Narrator : "This smart person got it wrong !" Me : stopped watching the video after 1 min 23 sec
Anyone else felt like background was really distracting with how quickly it changes?
Asking a question about climate change and comparing that to how "scientifically intelligent" people are is stupid, because there is ample, uncontroversial evidence for manmade climate change, so much so that climate scientists have a consensus view that it is happening. Thus, asking whether or not people believe in it doesn't really assess how good people are at looking at sources, but rather how willing they are to believe what scientists are saying. Which, I think, we can agree is different than being able to verify someone's methodology or find issues with their thesis.
The rash and gun questions are not the same at all. In the case of the rash you have unrelated instances that are isolated from each other and the world. In the case of crime you would have meta trends and interaction between those cities. It's very misleading to claim that you could simply switch up the context.
This felt like a 15min ad for Ground News.
A strong case for federalism and small/local government.
In the gun control question, Democrats have a better excuse to be biased. Because we know what the actual data already shows! To see a study saying the opposite would have to be made up for a bit like this 😂
The title is a bit misleading.  But it is really great educational content so who cares ! In general "smarter people" get indeed a  bigger hit in accuracy when the question is framed politically, but compared to their OWN score on non political questions not compared to less numerate people. However it seems, in some cases,  that people in the middle ( level 4,5,6)  DO performa worse than the lower levels(1,23).  But the higher levels (8,9) always perform best in all the cases. Which is somewhat reassuring. Should we conclude it is better to be dumb than mediocre ?
This pretty much proves it: Humans are just not evolved far enough away from monkeys to deal with such a highly-technological civilization. Tribalism, emotion and instinctual reactions absolutely obliterate any logical, deductive or rationalization capabilities. So here we all sit, driven by the Dunning-Krueger effect, feeding our anti-intellectualism to the point it kills us.
This makes me upset. But not surprised. Not everyone is a scientist. No everyone is willing to admit that they could be wrong in search of the truth. Remove your emotions Linda. Numbers don't lie. Well there are a lot of outside contributing factors, these problems only included a limited amount of information and that's all you can use together an answer until you provide more information. As far as being smart or dumb in order to answer these questions I think that has nothing to do with it. It has to do with your ability to admit that you're wrong in search of the truth.
I changed my opinion very dramatically recently politically. I didn't vote for Trump previously, but I've changed my mind and I'm voting for him this time. Under Kamala we've had 45 year highs in inflation, the highest number of border entries in US history, wars breaking out around the world, and 40% higher cost of goods. These are things that actually impact me and those around me. Under Trump inflation was 1.5%, he was the only president during my life where Russia didn't invade another country, North Korea was cooling tensions, and Iran couldn't fund their terror proxies. Interest rates were the lowest they've been for 50 years. I'm a data person, and I'm voting for Trump this time, because his policies are better for America.
What I don't really get here is, did people with high numeracy just forget to math on political topics? If that's the case, it draws an interesting distinction between the ability to logically solve math problems and the ability to learn. You can be a whiz at probability, proportions and other mathematical operations, but if you don't learn well (you're not curious to learn more) you are more likely to get the wrong answer on these politically charged questions.
The only tribe is the constitution, the American tribe. if the fathers said guns were legal for the protection of life liberty and prosperity and something opposes it there not American, full stop. Use the other bill of rights if guns are too dramatic for you in your examples
I'm guessing that Veritasium viewers are generally numerate, and thus spent the first four minutes desperately searching for some trick in the opening question.
This is so revealing and the power of the political parties and the influence they have on people when they spread misinformation and bend the truth to get their side elected.   Political parties should be subject to fact checking and truth tests.   Imagine the fall out if a class action law suit was successful against a political campaign that spread lies and distrust.
What if it's the group that's walking off the cliff?  (This coming from the anti-social one...)😜
Confirmation bias... once most of us hear what we already believe, *we stop looking.* Hence my belief that most people are stupid precisely *because*  most people are stupid; it is a choice to fit in.  So choose your peers/tribe carefully. Do they value what you *want* to value?
So basicly people who are bad with numbers see big number and think "big number good, no need to think deeper" and get the answer wrong. People who are good with numbers see the chart and think "well, let me think about it for a second" and they get the answer right.  But with political questions, even when people who are good with numbers  default to "big number good, no need to think deeper" if "big number good" means that data supports thier current belief system. People seek data that supports their current belief system, and do not scrutinize it to the same degree as data that goes against it.
The truth is you can make the numbers say anything you want them to say…
I realized skin cream is more political to me than gun control. Evil companies trying to sell as much unnecessary products to us as possible is infuriating.
Politics is the mind killer. Dune got that wrong, but perhaps politics is just fear (of being in the outgroup), making "fear is the mind killer" correct again.
interesting, ive always learned at school to read the question word for word, and dont assume anything thats not there. if u say fictional, my brain wanders of towards a different planet and there the test starts. I just checked the numbers and made the conclusion. but yea, numbers are my life.
now I just have more questions. Probably means the study was done properly. But all I can think about is people who have changed their beliefs vs those who have always held the same philosophy.  One would think that people who altered their belief would be more open to facts contradicting what they now believe.
He lost me on „American streets”. I already knew everybody will answer correctly. 😂
Most people get their politics the same way they get their favorite sports team. Inherited from zip code and parents, which includes some people being contrary to what is expected  for the sake of being contrary.
Is this why Americans are likely to elect Trump for a 2nd time?
In the skin cream example, people are honest because they have no stake in the outcome.  In the gun control example, it's not that people don't know the right answer, they're lying because they do have a stake in the outcome.  They need their side to be correct so it's time to whip out the Model UN debate skills.  Smarter people are just better at debate.
This video is genius on so many levels. They don't bring politics into the picture until halfway through, they make you unsure about the question/situation with the title and thumbnail. They keep you guessing the whole time, effectively opening your mind until they tell you that you need to open your mind. So good!
The skin cream and gun control questions cannot possibly have a definitive answer, first of all, the total size of each group or the amount of instances that got neutral in each group is not mentioned, and even if that information was provided, whether the overall outcome is better or worse depends on what is being prioritized. The proportional reasoning seems to imply that the ratio between improvements and enworsements is what matters, but that isn't specified in the questions, so it could just as well be something else like the difference between improvements and enworsements relative to the sample size, or that enworsements always outweigh the improvements no matter what, etc. and depending on the context, the result may be entirely different.
This seems to mainly be an education system problem, but really, it is a general system problem.  Monetary system problem... pretty much like almost all of our social problems today.  There is incentive to keep people dumbed down to consume and to obey.  Intellectualism, if valued for the first time in the U.S. beyond intellectual circles, would inspire more people to question their beliefs in humility than to looked to confirm their beliefs by cherry picking.  Instead, egos are inflated and people use their intelligence to reassure themselves their biases are true because of a sort of narcissistic personality disorder epidemic induced by our corrupt commercial value system.
Are we actually talking about peoples perception of proportions now?
I got the question right… does that mean I’m dumb or really smart? 😅
7:31 there it is!
Neither explanation is correct in my mind. You need to subtract the control group scores from the experimental group scores. 54 people got worse, but 116 got better. Overall, more people got better than got work from the expected norm. A multifactor analysis is needed to resolve the cause of those that got worse. But with an increase in the number of people getting worse, it's probably not a good product to sell since the company will be buried in claims, many of which will be hyperbole, once the side effects claim gravy train leaves the station.
That first one cannot be true, surely the less smart person picks the bigimmediate. 7 into 21 and 20 into 100 are very common and easy to do.
what about when the tribe you were raised in turned out to be highly abusive and now you've had to use rationality as your only tool to escape that, and that changed your politics in addition to other things? I think we should look into that population specifically.
Political questions also bring to bear peoples' beliefs about how data/science is conducted these days. A "study" is often times used specifically for political gain which has lead to mistrust in science and data gathering in the first place. While a study on skin cream may still have this type of bias, most people wouldn't immediately assume that. A study on gun control though immediately brings legitimacy into question. Not accounting for that has skewed your own results in my opinion.
I'm so glad i'm a curious person. I'll talk to trump supporters all day and find myself agreeing a lot and then i'll go and talk with liberals and democrats and also agree with a lot of what they're saying. Some would say I'm a fence sitter but damnit, i'm a proud fence sitter. I can't even vote because i'm a green card holder lol...Feels so good.
Divide and conquer.
This does miss out the fact that gun control studies would be real life "natural experiment" studies, which inherently have a lot more uncertainty and complicating factors than a triple blinded lab-setting experiment. Bias has a huge amount more chance of interfering with the former, and most numerate people would assume the skin cream study is the latter.
11:13 That's all well and good, until you realize a macro problem requires a macro solution, and the people in charge of making important policies, are disproportionately stupid enough to think that climate change is a hoax. With politics, you just have to deal with ALL issues to be effective, not just the lofty technical stuff. That includes convincing people and acquiring actionable power to enact policies.
You're not looking at the area under the curve....
This is what I always say : mass science curiosity and literacy can cure political polarization. It’s literally a cure to being ignorant and biased, it teaches you to question what is true and set the bar high on believing something
f''ing nAILED IT
truth is, democracy is gay
6:05 you can't take away peoples drugs and say they're illegal? What have you been smoking? Do you have any left?
Pragmatism is what I cultivate and strive for. It's probably the best option we have...
delete the two party system
Try teaching critical thinking and research techniques in high school from 11 years old
Great explanation! One point to elaborate also would be also the person's knowledge or background in the topic.  Partially due to my understanding behind skin cream, I defaulted to only think about it as a math problem because asking for a gut reaction to this small amount of data on an unknown topic, I won't even know what to question about the results.  To your point in the video, because I have done some research on gun control, I default to a gut reaction less on the math and more based on my background in research, which includes knowing where these statistics are skewed in both directions.  The key, I think, is the conversation.  As mentioned, being curious and being open to your mind being changed.  As a caution for anyone, I think everyone gets to a point where they are less likely to change their viewpoint because of a known solid truth or deep knowledge in a topic.  When entering a conversation like this, you should know where you are in that by asking yourself, "What would it take for me to change my mind on this topic?" and "How realistic is it for me to change my mind on this topic?"
This just in: Politics makes people dumb.
fkin nAILED IT
that´s why studies are randomized, to avoid bias.
6:13 "laws increased crime" - neither shows that anything caused anything. It's just correlation. The skin cream was causal because of randomization.
Hey Veritasium, this video really is a hard to swallow. But maybe this is the solution of what my country needs. Philippines is always being scammed or brainwashed by politicians. And I agree that those people who voted them are rational but they are caught in a tribal thinking. Young Filipinos stood their ground of what is right. No political bias. But we were told "we are just young, we do not know anything about politics". And clearly it shows that the other side villainized the side of young filipinos. And there is also more villainized about if you are team Marcos, Duterte and Leni. But what is more fascinating about this video is you really pinpointed the political sides that can alter someone's answers. Just like if you met with a full support Marcos or Duterte, they will try to justify what those two did and still support them. Marcos is no hero. But I do love my country. Maybe instead of attacking their ideology or their politicians dynasty, the Filipino citizens should agree to one thing only and drop their tribal thinking. The Filipinos should think about how to stop corruption and making Philippines great again. I hope many Filipinos both old and young sees this video and direct it how they will make a change for the upcoming decisions and elections.
another great video!!
The really messed up part of videos like this, is it encourages good honest people to question their convictions, while zealots bigots and lunatics click away, merely reminded they have to vote for their evil overload today.   The intention is so pure, but my cynical heart can't help but be clutched with dread that it makes things just a little harder during a sensitive time when American's lives are at stake.
I'm not surprised at all. Bias dictates most of our intuitive feelings on anything we haven't had time to really understand and often than first intuition largely determines how we feel about something. I'm not from the USA so I can get a sort of an outsider perspective on your politics and I've noticed that many issues kind of flip on which side thinks they're a problem over time. Different sides of the same coin, I suppose.
Most people seem to understand that correlation doesn't necessarily mean causation. When the study is about something as simple as skin cream, people will easily say that the skin cream seems to work. But when its something as important as gun control, they're quick to point out that there could be other factors at play. They aren't getting the "answer" wrong, they're just appropriately applying caution to an important nuanced issue. If you press them more about the skin cream, they may very well demonstrate the same level of caution and nuance.  This is me demonstrating caution and nuance to this study, suggesting there may be more factors at play. 😜
I paused and my conclusion was: "why are the two groups not equal? Where is the "rash stayed the same" column? We're missing data."
I think the graph at 7:04 indicates that the is a difference between liberal and conservative answers. For average numeracy, liberals showed no change in correct answers regardless of if it fit with their bias. However, both liberal and conservatives, as they had better numeracy skills, started to converge: more correct answers but more variation when bias was considered.
Rash improved.                           Rash Worsened                                                  | With                  223                '|                       75                                                  | Without             107                '|                      21   With_A = improved/Worsened  with_A = 223 / 75   ------> 2.973ٓ   Without_A = improved/Worsened Without_A = 107/21.    ---------> 5.0952...  5.0952... > 2.973ٓ   ----------->   Without_A > with_A.
so they're giving them made up numbers and when they don't believe the made up numbers, that means they're bias?
“Never argue with an idiot, they will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience.”  Smart people are so exhausted by a lifetime of dealing with morons, that sometimes they just forget training and let the confirmation bias autopilot take over.  Also, doing this study as a “man on the street” is obnoxious. It’s seemingly designed to cause people to skip steps and take shortcuts. Let them use a pen and a piece of paper and see if the answers change.
Am I the only one who thought the groups who got the treatment and the control group were the same size (like 500 for example) and for the rest the rashes just didn't change? So I thought the first one was actually better because it improved the situation overall, even though it got worse for some people
5:14 there are studies proving gun control works.  ~6,700 deaths by firearms in the EU in 2019. This number is composed of ~5,000 suicides (75%), ~1,000 homicides (15%) and ~700 unspecified deaths or accidents. The available figures show a decreasing trend, especially in Central and Eastern Europe. At the same time (2019) US gun deaths were at ~43000, ~24K of those were suicide related. Resulting in the shocking discovery of most people using it on themselves anywhere you look (sadly). Also that the number of times deadly firearms were used in harming others in  447 million to 1700 in the EU compared to  328 million in 19000 in the US. Which means every 262941st person in the EU got killed by a firearm, while every 17263rd person got killed in the US by a firearm through non-self inflicted death. Which means gun control is 15 times more effective than no gun control. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.
Math/Science does not care what political party you support.
You showed the numeracy scale from 0-9, but what does each increase in that scale mean? Im not sure I understand what it means to have "X numeracy score"  Is it just if I have a 9, Im great with finding this information in a problem? and how did you know any person's numeracy score, did they get a test beforehand?
Personal bias on the topics is interesting 🤔
This seems like an additional step with Daniel Kahneman's fast and slow processes.  You ask a math problem (skin cream) and people think deeply and therefore see the numbers.  But if you ask a question they're politically engaged with they 'know' the answer and use the fast process.  'Guns are good/bad...  Therefore.'
I appreciate the neutrality on topics like these
I love numbers and hate politics. I think I would have done well. But... that's probably what everyone says.
That lady that didn’t believe in numbers is on another graph of special by herself.
guys… is nobody gonna talk about the background sound 1:02 is skyrim? or is that just me
I'm taking an Indigenous course in University in which the pedagogical approach does not ask us to put aside our biases, but examine where we are coming from when approaching the course and how it will affect what we take away from it. It was refreshing to me to consider my positional beliefs in relation to my learning; and it helped me poke holes in some of my own logic when I learned more later in the course. It's a fruitless endeavor to pretend we don't have bias; everything we see and do is coloured by our history, our experiences, and the way we have been raised.
So, numeracy below 9 = retarded
In the same way that the question about the study itself is conflating correlation with causation, so is this video and study as a whole. Those scoring higher in numeracy could have easily picked their answer based on research they had already done regarding the topic being presented and came to their conclusion based on seemingly good evidence, whereas the data actively being presented to them is a vague data set with no sources, and thus not worth factoring that data critically into the view they have already formulated based on real data. In the context of skin cremes, almost nobody cares about that enough to have already formulated an opinion (regardless of whether based on good or bad evidence), and so the only data they have is what is being presented, meaning they have to lend it more credence if they want to answer the question at all.  When you consider the fact that many of these studies about political things are already biased by politics, anybody can find a study that supports their worldview. I think this is less a demonstration of tribal thinking and more a demonstration of the need for good and unbiased data. People want to be open-minded, but part of being open-minded is knowing who you can trust. Otherwise, you aren't being open-minded; you're being gullible. When most of the data out there is compromised, and you can't know who to trust, how can anybody formulate an educated opinion outside of just "picking a side?" You can't.
I think that it's not clear whether the absolute difference in number of rashes, or proportion, is relevant given the wording of the question (which was about the number of rashes improved and number of rashes worsened, not number of people with improved rashes and people with worsened rashes). If there are the same number of participants in both the control and experimental groups (as is often the case?), then having a greater absolute number (difference between improvement and worsening) is better.  That's how I understood the question, anyway.
At first glace i thought not enough information, then i said it made it worse after looking at it more closely, i think it could be argued that the number of tested people is important to get the best answer.  I have what i would consider slightly above average numeracy, but i have pretty good media literacy so idk of that helps 🤷
Question: how did you come to decide on using Knuth's Computer Modern as your main font? Because it's used so often in mathematical texts (when formatted with (La)TeX)? Or because you wouldn't have any copyright issues? Just curious. Btw, the ligatures don't seem to work correctly. I've noticed how "fi" looks so odd. But that's to be expected when you don't have the TeX font encodings and ligature information formatting the text, rather the engine behind your video software.
I don't think the conservative argument regarding lax gun laws has anything to do with reducing crime. It is about giving the law abiding American a puncher's chance at not being a victim of a crime.  Any survey or questionnaire that leads conservatives to say more guns reduces crime is suspect. It all comes down to criminals will have guns regardless, so I will have one too.
6:36 this guy will never run out of copium😭
Statistics don't tell the whole story, and are so frequently misused to mislead and drive an agenda, we are numb to them. We aren't constantly inundated with wild interpretations of statistics with inaccurate data, with biased and political aims where we are told what to think for topics like 'skin cream.' It makes sense that on political topics, people with better numeracy, which I assume correlates with higher skepticism, are even more skeptical. The outcome of a medication trial is much closer to a one dimensional topic than that of gun control, abortion or climate change, but even that requires healthy skepticism. The made up subjects would be randomized, better isolating the variable, something not possible with comparing legislation by City, but still there can be additional factors. Did e creme make the rash better on average, but 10 times as many people in the test group lost their hair? Gun control reduced gun murder rate, but burglaries and armed robberies increased. Climate control laws reduced carbon emissions in a region, but increased the poverty rate. And so on.
I think educated liberals have seen a doctored chart enough to call results that go against the norm out.
Well now I don’t know what to think, I have 2 bachelors and 4 associate’s degrees working on my masters in mechanical engineering so math is importing and I got all these correct 🤣
I have to be honest, if someone came up to me at a political event and asked this question I would be really worried they were trying to take something out of context.  I would have trouble believing they weren't just doing some sort of politically motivated video, and would be hesitant to comment one way or another on something like this based on so little information.  So when I see people in the video trying to dig for more information about the fake study and not wanting to just answer based on the numbers... well, yeah, that makes sense to me.  I'm not saying the stated effect isn't real, I just think it would be really hard to determine WHY they're not answering just based on the numbers in a way that's helpful or informative.
The fact that one of the recommended videos is a political video from Adam Conover 😒 The dude who openly admitted to rejecting facts if they don't align with his political bias
Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman (name is suprisingly similar to the man in the study Derek presented) is very pertinant to the topics in this video. Its underlying thesis is that, generally, we are highly emotional, reactive beings and that logic is merely a tool that our emotions point in whatever direction agrees with those biases. If you believe something to be true, your powers of reason will be applied first and foremost to finding "evidence" in agreement with said belief.
The table at 5:53 is labeled terribly. An up arrow for less crime and a down arrow for more crime??? And the guns/no guns labels make the "no" side the experimental group. It takes several extra cognitive steps to figure out which box actually represents "gun control caused less crime". I wouldn't be surprised if several people got the math right but their political bias let them misinterpret what the rows/columns represented.
So basically...smarter people are better at producing rationales to justify their priors.
I think people get the answer wrong when it comes to politicized issues has to do with the brain taking a shortcut to the "right" answer. Instead of examining the data in from of them critically they say what they thing they know and believe to be true.  The lady at 10:20 is so right, I have been on left and right subreddits. and they way they talk about the other side is the exact same, just switch out some key words. But both of them think that they are different and better then the other side.
11:07  Avoiding contentious terms is fine for problems that can be addressed without a model of the underlying cause -- ie. you're treating symptoms rather than root causes -- but it isn't applicable to things where the root cause needs to be addressed. In the case of sea-level rise in Florida, there are plenty of mitigation strategies that can address symptoms such as flooding, housing and habitat loss due to coastal erosion, etc., but addressing sea-level rise is not the same thing as addressing *climate change*. The "solutions" to climate change are not strategies to address a specific collection of symptoms; they're strategies to address an underlying root cause. For that, it's necessary to use the contentious terms that actually describe the causal model of the problem.
Me watching 5 times and not understanding what is actually being asked.
Honestly, if I was in the queue for a political event and someone came at me with that placard of numbers on a political topic, I'd just laugh at them. It's bereft of detail and can only be cooked given the context it's presented in - especially if they come with a camera attached.
9:44 - 10:38  …. Dang…
Saying we should not talk about gun control and climate change and that we should make believe for the sake of equivocation is nonsense. Yes it is important to be patient and kind, but the skin cream either did or didn’t help in either scenario and when you extend that to global climate change it is pretty important that we speak the truth about it.
Okay and what about nerodivergent people?
"You need someone dumber than you?... you may have come to the right place." -Jack O'Neill
The question has pretty small sample sizes. So with rashes my thought were "little evidence, but creme is probably worse". With gun control you have much more context and understanding of the problem, so it's natural to trust the numbers less. New data shouldn't redefine your beliefs but add to them
I assume people intuitively understand that scientists working on political issues are part of politics, so they become part of the issue. There is no reason to suspect that people who study rashes are fiddling with the data to press their views on others, not so much on gun control, global warming, etc. If you think people have no reason to suspect that scientists have an agenda that's not always aligned with the public interests, you are part of the problem.
Oh now I get it, this is one big, shitty ad for Ground News, *the* place to go if you want a sponsorship from a startup whose entire premise is espousing both-sides rhetoric. Please explain to me again how avoiding political rhetoric is the solution?
I'm a pretty stand alone person i think. I dont invest deeply into relationships, although i get why people do it. To protect my own viewpoint i am surely making critical errors in judgement of human relationships. Yet i cannot seem to stop this behaviour to safe my own life. Guess it is just fear, and not facing this fear. Fear of fear itself is a pain in the ass for mankind😂
If they included another number for Rash Stayed the same then it would've been easier
At time 5:35 the graphics are “no guns” 223/75 or vv, and “guns” 107/21 or vv  Then at 5:49 with the kid in the bitchin’ shades the graphics are reversed — “guns” is 223/75 and “no guns” is 107/21  What gives?
"on gun control" Oh this is going to be very bad. Real studies on gun control get interpreted even by their authors in bizarre and baffling ways in both directions.
All context. All relative.
Love this video! I think that we all need to try to look from perspectives outside of our own as often as we can. That's the only way we will improve the world: finding common ground through productive discussion. The polarization of the US at the moment is actually quite terrifying.
I'm like that one guy that focused on who collected and summarized the data and what their goal was.  The world is an orchard and everyone is cherry picking.
People would rather perform mental gymnastics than be correct.
You compare apples and oranges? In germany we always compare apples and pears 😂
Most likely once you reach a point where something agrees with your preconceived notion you don't tend to look deeper.  So in this case you see "ahh bigger number means more is this way" and then most people stop there if they like thay answer ideologically. If they don't, they'll think about it and question it more before realizing this is about proportions not sheer number.
I naturally looked at the ratio when confronted with the first problem. I actually wish this video would have presented the political version of the problem first. I still believe I would have answered in the same way but my political beliefs would have led me to question how the data was derived to begin with. So I most likely would have answered based on the numbers given but with the qualification that didn't necessarily mean I agreed with the overall premise without a better understanding of the data.
"The playing field looks pretty even to me". After hearing the numbers are made up.
Minds that fear God vs minds that don't
What you think is an absolutist statement about how, let's say, "You didn't come to that opinion due to the data, you just support Israel or Russia because blah blah" is in reality a biased statement that would only say as much as "In light of the available presented evidence which is only allegedly true you chose to support one side more and one side less." Those statistics existing doesn't make them a universal truth as you would like to believe. They can exist, and someone can be right to have an opinion while not looking at statistics.
The point of the video isn’t about finding the correct answer (e.g. you're dumb or smart); it’s about how a shift in perspective can lead to entirely different conclusions.
What does it say that my first instinct is to say that the skin cream study was very flawed. There were only 2 possible results, either it gets better, or it gets worse, which is just plain unlikely. Some amount of the sample should have also remained the same, but there was no category for that. They also had the no skin cream cohort use no skin cream, rather than a plain, or blank skin cream, which means you aren't even running a blind study, much less double blind. Just terrible study design before you even get to the results.
I've never wanted to be so wrong in my life.
tbf i could not have estimated that correctly in my head
I got the question at the begging right and immediately questioned everything
I've come to realize that a 'normal state' isn't actually sober... Instead, it's more like being slightly 'drunk' all the time. It's as if we all walk around in this semi-dazed state, because facing reality head-on—really confronting the harshness of it—is just too much. Depressed people might actually be the most sober among us in daily life. I'm grateful that my usual state protects me from those heavy thoughts 😅
Meanwhile me in a corner screaming about how correlation does not equal causation 😭😭😭
As someone who has been investing in American stocks since high school (back when the commission was $4.95 per domestic trade), I have seen this behavior within myself and the community. One day you have the greatest bullish thesis backed by your understanding of the company, 10-Q, 10-K, and earnings call. Then the stock declines and there's not a single person buying and all the firms are changing ratings. So you sell. You end up making money on your short position, but by Q4 the stock recovers and climbs over 2 times and you're kicking the can. The next year the stock splits and grows near exactly how you outlined in your thesis, years later they offer a dividend.  I've also seen and been in this position where everyone thinks you are crazy for buying that position (which is not as risky as everyone thinks it is). The stock is undervalued and you know the price will return higher. Strong cash flow, few debts, and clients aren't leaving.   It can feel tough to be alone with your beliefs, but if you only read fact, interpret the data, and make logical and unbiased decisions it doesn't matter what everyone's doing.
The reason this is, to me, is obvious, it's easier for people to shape their facts around their beliefs then base their beliefs around the facts.
So this means, everybody has a bias? That's;s it
Great video. This is public hygiene.
Pardon me for asking, but how can a study include unreported crimes? I mean, if they are not reported, how does anyone know about them? This implies that they are guessing or making up numbers to suit their agenda. That is not science.
NOOO veritasium you've befouled my level of intellect. My first thoughts were actually non of the answer options. The way it looks to me the cream appears to have made people think the cream does "something" and so as a result. More individuals identified a change in result weather it was positive or negative. Then I remembered the study was fake so I thought no the cream made it worse because 1/2 of the higher number results on both sides aren't equally proportioned ae: 1/2 of 200 is 100 same as the control group but 1/2 of 75 is greater than 20 so the cream made things worse. But that means I answered correctly so now I feel stupid for being right which is a difficult feeling to understand.
11:42 How do you measure science curiosity?
YouTube videos should carry a warning when they only apply to Americans, so we don't waste time finding out. Some issues are not controversial most other places.
Being able to entertain the thought independently of your own beliefs is the actual start. You don't need to accept something as true, but you should be willing to entertain the idea in good faith that if it was true, then what?   People usually have rationalized their beliefs on some quantity of evidence which work as the ground "facts" for the formation of their beliefs over time, and it is completely natural to be skeptical against information that goes against that. After all, what you're presented with is just one piece of evidence against your memories of larger quantities that support position against it.
The data still shows that republicans are more out of touch with reality on average. It shows that they’ve lost their minds.
Great... even Veritasium himself proves me as intelligent as a fruit fly. Of course my luck would be like that - the one time where i excel with flying colors, it will be in the dummies questionnaire.
this is why i dont subscribe to a political ideology. profit is the most efficient heuristic, I choose the policy that best makes the gdp per capita increase
assuming that “crime improved” means that there is less crime requires a value judgement on crime which exposes a political opinion. Logically, “crime improved” should mean there is more crime. Think “healthcare improved”, “standard of living improved”, “population improved”
'You ever gone a week without a rationalization...'
Me being asked the question on skin cream: what about the people whose rash stayed the same? What’s the clinically meaningful definition for “improved” rashes? This data is much better represented by continuous variables (e.g, rash surface area) rather than discrete variables. I’m fun at parties
Let's all just make sure not to vote trump
LOL.. just change the titles to political ideals...
I really dont get how in the republican gun control thing where gun control increased crime (6:36) the low numeracy scores are getting 25%, for a 50/50 answer why are so many answering wrong and specifically against their own bias? like you'd expect their bias to be their entire answer and it thus being in the upper 50%
Results: "uh oh"
Smart people, as they get smarter, realize that data isn't everything, that it's more nuanced than that, especially in complex issues. It's a well known fact that papers can be engineered to return specific results, which is why smart people get highly skeptical when the numbers are about high stakes topics. Even Veritasium made a video about this ("Is most published research wrong?"). People won't question research on a cream because the results don't matter too much. At worst, you're looking at a cream manufacturer trying to sell more cream. But gun control as vastly more implications.  That being said, absolute fantastic job on the "de-divisive" message of this video.
So how did you derive their “numeracy”
My question: how did you find republicans with high numeracy scores? 😂
*Sips tea*
First time someone made me listen to an ad
is this a repost? why am i gettin dejavu
video about politics when the election is literally going on in the US… sweet
Enduring institutions that benefit from, or worse, only exist as a result of, tribal polarization, will have built into them mechanisms dedicated to maintaining that polarization. We know this must be the case simply because, if it were not, they would already have ceased to exist...
If the USA had a voting system that didn’t make two parties the most likely outcome, maybe people didn’t feel as strongly about „their tribe“. In countries with more parties in parliament „swing voting“ is the norm, not the exception.
"I got the rash question right LET'S GOOooo... oh"
"Oh look, a table with results. Let's apply bayes's theorem!"
I think the total percentage of people seeing a change with no cream should play a role into this and it does not in this "study". Imagine a tiny fraction of no cream seeing a 1000 to 1 getting better to worse, but the actual cream have a majority see a 100 to 1 getting better, would you still say the cream makes it worse? I think not...
The skin cream one seems really obvious to me. Like, "bigger ratio equals better" is pretty brutally simple. Where's the trick going to be? I don't see a trick. The cream just gets ratio'd by the non-cream.
5:42 what do those numbers even mean?? In the skin cream example they related to the number of participants with EXISTING RASHES, and the numbers indicated how many of those existing rashes got better or worse. In the gun control example, what do they relate to? There's either a lot of information omitted (since the example can't be transferred as it is from skin cream to guns) or it just doesn't make sense
The problem with "not using partisan language like climate change" (or other so called buzz words) is that it hinders our ability to talk about said issues. We cant properly talk about climate change, for example, without "triggering tribal reactions" in some people.
I have read that before, that the main difference between high iq and lower iq people is that higher iq people are just better at justifying their beliefs and that their beliefs themselves are not based on deductive reasoning
Smarter people are harder to dissuade from their beliefs. Makes sense.
Me thinks you are missing the core difference between the two reactions. The skin cream question is math problem. The gun control question usually comes with an agenda. A high IQ would recognize and treat it as an ideological problem, as evidenced by the responses. I'd personally be distracted by a strong en garde response after being asked this question, and be more focused on how the surveyor is trying to exploit my response rather than the math problem. What you are seeing in your survey is the result of decades of twisted statistics to push agendas. Regarding your supposed study: Your data is "meh", your conclusion is thumbs down and if you want to start a war, try taking taking away constitutionally guaranteed rights in the US. There are no more inches to give up, there is no compromise or getting along, it's now a hard line. ...f'n Canadians probably still wondering why Russia attacked Ukraine.
Haven't seen the video yet, but the topic sure seems interesting. I've done 4 general IQ tests and my Raven's scores on the last two were 100%. It's the part i'm naturally best at and looking at a good amount of matrices made me more aware of the type of patterns. I'm sure i could be thrown of if the general type of patterns i am now used to were deliberately used against me.
When any @veritasium video come out I open the video first I hit like button then start watching. This is called trust. Thanks for making a content that help us to understand world in more detail. You are awesome 🙌
YES IM SMART...oh wait no
Reason is, and ought only to be, the slave of the passions and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.    -David Hume
Veritasium proves horseshoe theory.
Welp, being too “rational” for my tribe sums up my life.
Lol, these bots just copy comments with a few upvotes and attach their slogans at the end. XAI760K sucks balls, u all out or are you out?
I got the first question correct ez, and I think I am smart, I must therefore be dumb because I failed successfully. Thanks Veritazzy, you just humiliated me even though I was correct. Though I guess I was only "dumb" because I paid more attention due to the stakes presented in the title "You're dumb if you're intelligent", pushing the buttons of my ego to prove your nonsense incorrect, which I obviously did (not to brag or anything, I'm really humble).  The politics stuff isn't surprising at all, it's as surprising as finding out that F1 racers are more likely to get into accidents than the average Joe. If you're numerate, you're more likely to think less carefully because you know you are good with numbers due to much experience, so you become lazier sometimes. Also, when emotions arise, smart people are probably as likely to have flawed logic as normal people but the smart people might mistakenly think they are smarter than they really are when emotional. But I don't know how the numeracy of the participants was even measured. Assuming it was reasonable, it was probably mostly overconfidence mixed with laziness and emotional/political thinking/cognitive biases (i.e. it's easier to confirm something you already think is true rather than disprove it or think something else [cognitive bias is just a thinking pattern that has been used over and over again, this is because it's more efficient to do the same thing over and over again rather than always do something different, people working against cognitive biases are working way too hard and for what? so science daddies don't point their finger of judgement at you?] ).  What you said about ostracization when you go against the status quo, that's why you have to be stronger than everyone else combined so you can smack them down and make them submit to your superior intellectual prowess. That's why it's imperative to not only study hard but lift weights and do combat sports hard, that's the only way to get 12 Nobels in a single subject.  Thank you for reading my essay. You get a 10 in numeracy and literacy.
We make decisions based on emotions, then we rationalize them
publishing this right when I was reviewing for AP Gov goes insane
A fairly similar experiment was done in Northern Ireland, where there's a deep divide between Catholic and Protestant communities. In that experiment, people were trained to build relationships between nonsense words through reinforcement. Eg you'd be shown the word "Faa" and have the option "Mep" and "Blo". It was predetermined that Faa = Mep, so subjects would eventually learn this relationship over time. A second relationship would be built between "Mep" and "Gar", and finally the test subjects would be promoted with "Faa" and only the options "Gar" and "Kli". Most people built the relationship of Faa = Gar without it being taught.  Where it becomes interesting is when the words aren't random syllables. In the Northern Irish study, traditionally Catholic and Protestant names were used, and test subjects from Northern Ireland would repeatedly create the relationships between the Catholic names or Protestant names, entirely unprompted and even if it was not the pre-determined relationship. What's even more interesting is that test subjects from England didn't do this as they have no history regarding this sort of stuff.
You, Sir, did very well. Good Luck to you. I am from Austria.
Am I crazy or is the skin cream question flawed (or at least unanswerable), as we do not know the number of people in each group for whom the rash did not improve or worsen?
I would have shut down when I saw the total sample sizes were different. Bad data. Also, I'm so sick of political everything right now just stop.
This was a great video but part of me wishes that the gun control question had been given to us at the very beginning. I'm curious if I would've taken time to think through the answer like I did for the skin cream question, or if (like many of the people on the street) I would have let my ideology affect my thought process. For the video as a whole I think the way they did it made more sense but now I'm left wondering if my answer would've been different had they done it the other way around.
It’s the liberals that are using harsh rhetoric to divide the nation. Look at California for the sake of facts. It’s unaffordable and is rampant despite gun laws. Trump 2024
undecided voters feeling pretty sharp.
Amazing video
I want to tell Derek this video title kind of sucks, but I also know from experience it’ll have a different title tomorrow 😂
Politics has a lot less to do with facts and numbers and a lot more to do with fitting in our social groups. It is important to realise that numbers don't carry as much emotional weight as social and life experiences do. Complicated problems like abortion and gun control have compelling arguments from both sides and people tend to choose the one that they resonate with the most (for social, ideological or experiencesial reasons).
Am I the only one who noticed how far the blue line is below the red line for levels 2-7?
I'm sorry.. I can't find common ground with a MAGA-Republican.  That's my baseline, when every single one of them and their "concepts of a plan" physically repulses me, then I know that I am normal.  MAGA-Republicanism is contra to every molecule in my body and I'm very proud of that.
How is gun control or climate change partisan rethoric? Words have meaning
But. Can you really say that for the first question at all? Like, what is the group size? If both groups had equal amounts of members, then the cream cured 116 additional people and worsened 54 peoples compared to the control. I would say an added cure rate of 2 in 3 is pretty good? What is the definition of "improving"? If it is average skin condition then the cream group improved by use of the cream. Of course if the sample size of the groups is like 10 000, then the impact of the cream is less statistically significant.  The data is insufficient to answer the question, unless somehow: 1. The groups were of unequal size and 2. No participant in the study had consistent rash conditions
Your tables at 5:43 threw me off so hard. The Yes/No options were flipped.
The problem with this experiment is when you ask people to consider a study on a nameless skin-care product that they have no prior knowledge of, you're testing their ability to come to the correct answer based on the numbers. But when you show people a study on a matter they probably have a lot of prior familiarity with, like climate change or gun control, you're not testing their ability to find the empirically right answer, you're asking them to rationalize the study itself based on all of the knowledge they have on the subject matter.  The questions shouldn't be does "X lower gun violence", or "does Y affect climate change", the same way you would ask "does Z reduce the rash". You would have to ask them does THIS specific study show a reduction in gun violence, climate change, etc.
This is what I told my teachers! I’m not dumb I just can’t take tests /s 😂
Exactly.  We all have bias.  And bias colors our interpretation of data.  The problem is getting unbiased data, because many people that collect the data are biased in how they collect it.    This is why we need both sides to debate issues.  And this is why free speech is so important.  Censuring often leads us to the wrong answer.
This aligns *exactly* with what I've seen among scientifically intelligent people. Very good at rationally analyzing data and evidence when it surrounds a scientific or technical question, but unable to apply those same skills to political questions. Makes me wonder how I may be biased in ways that I'm not aware of.
Long suspected this to be the case. Clever way of illustrating this!
The title had the contextual "tribal" effect on my decision making and rationality. Instead of taking the time to look at the data and come to the correct answer, I inferred that the correct answer would be the "dumb," surface level interpretation simply because the title of the video led me to believe that the intelligently ascertained answer would be wrong.
Would be interesting to see this study done in nation that actually have more than 2 political parties are represented in their parliament.
Thank the MSM for this Divide.
This video was off by a far if you have to deal with a radial party that does not accept careful consideration of data. You can not argue with fashism.
I intuitively thought no cream was better. I just thought quickly that roughly 85% chance of improving in the no cream group vs 75%ish for the cream group.
This is why "wisdom of the crowd" doesn't apply to democracy. People have biases and they are controlled by the news they hear
Now, provide a similar example where the second study in question is apolitical, but also similarly observational, psuedo-experimental, and likely highly unconfounded. This just seems to suggest that numerically literate individuals are more likely to understand that a skin-cream A/B-test is far less likely to be statistically flawed than a city-level observational study (particularly, on a polarizing topic).
These problems are also more complicated than purely the statistical data. Been thinking that from the beginning of the video.
Were the participants told that the "study" is hypothetical and the numbers were just made up? Because that should have informed them that this is about math not about policy.
But what if an equal amount of people got randomized to skin cream and no skin cream, and there's a non-showed category consisting of people who neither got better nor worse? If a rash stays the same and doesn't get better, that could be construed as only marginally less bad as the rash getting worse. In that case it might be better to get a little more worsening rashes in return for improving or curing more rashes.
Wow did you know people's political preferences skew their judgment? Who could've guessed!?
If you choose an answer to this problem at random, what is the probability that you will be correct?  A: 25% B: 100% C: 25% D: 50%
Oy .. where's the least action video part 2? !
Interesting study, but a little flawed: with the cream you can assume a randomised experimental design but if the participants are told its real numbers they know gun control rules are not randomised so the results are not reliable.Some people then rely on what they already think?
So... I was considered myself to be above average and apparently I'm not considering I got it right immediately. I paused on the problem when I saw the chart. I knew sample size was different for both groups so I needed a ratio. So I divided and got 3 and 5 numbers you talked about later. So it became obvious that more people got better without the cream. So this is what "suffering from success" means XD  // EDIT: ok, saw the rest. Good one XD
I think the reality is that most people will continued to be biased. The media thrives on fear-mongering. Politicians thrive on fear-mongering. Most people who think they're open minded really aren't.
One significant issue with this is, I believe, the system itself.  I know that direct democratic systems on a large scale have significant issues, but in a representative democracy votes are "all or nothing."  Why would people bother changing their view on gun control and other topics if it means their combined political views are no longer compatible with any political candidate?  It's much easier to pretend the things that would change your view don't exist and fool yourself into believing you always thought your views aligned with the party.  I feel like, if you have these "all or nothing" systems, they will inevitably turn into partisan politics, and eventually, get highly polarized, leading to no progress from either side.
If you assume the sample size to ve same, then the focus group had more volatility in results than the control… I don’t think ”better’ is the only variable here since you are more likely to get better AND more likely to get worse (assuming some people stay in the baseline condition)
This would essentially make being a politician like AOC tougher.  Because all she spouts is buzzwords.
Political arguments often mix matrices.  Be smart enough to spot that. For instance, gun ownership doesn't equal crime.
YES YES YES!
The US has no political middle field. We here from Europe are watching your 2 party system and think that 85% of the time the democrats are making way more sense. But yes, villainizing the other side and pigeonhole thinking are things to avoid. That being said, from a european outsider perspective: Trump is going to change the way your democracy is constructed. He's a wanna-be dictator and a populist. He's also a good buddy of Putin. I shouldn't have to tell you why that's not what you want.
Saw the entire clip without understanding what numeracy mean :(
Well if the problem aligns with your ideology, and you are not looking at it with clean shield, then you are not smart. Numeracy != being smart. I though you made separate video about IQ and what it actually shows. So by the same measure numeracy is also missleading. Click bait :D
this is something i realized this election people will twist any information they can to validate their opinion.
I see what you did there with Wylie Overstreet going out to the street, nominative determinism.💀
It was going good until you ended up talking about politics AGAIN, didn't finish the video.
Why am I getting these wrong??? 😭
This channel is something special. Thanks for enlightening us on bias in our agenda!
This might be the dumbest thing I've seen posted on here. It doesn't have anything to do with ideology it has to do with prior knowledge. With the cream we have no prior knowledge of it should work or not because we have no idea what the cream is or isn't. Everyone has prior knowledge on how gun control effects crime. If you're Rep you probably mostly read articles that show how it doesn't reduce crime and vice versa for Dem. Having prior knowledge can lead you to throwing out the chart due to small sample size or whatever factor you choose. But you can do so logically because you have prior evidence to point to. @veritasium
For skin cream problem, you should calculate relative risk. For gun control problem, when was the last time you heard about school shooting in Europe？No study needed.
Many people are high on their own numeracy.  Most of them are in Congress.  🙂
This is fantastic!
This is very inaccurate... the data just tells a number, not the full context or morality of a topic. Data can literally be used to paint any picture on both sides. I don't understand the concern of people looking at data and rationalizing based on their morals and life experience?
i thought this was an interesting video, nope politics again
Well, this was a well timed video....   You just proved "confirmation bias" applies no matter how good at maths, or how well educated you are .    We now live in an age of indoctrinated masses, such a shame.  Must admit, even though I have my views, I always look at the numbers first regardless of the topic.  Whilst it's obviously a maths problem..  for many,  when it's something about social or political issues all logic goes out of the window...  We should better than that.  We live in a binary world were "Fake news", fraud and conspiracy theories are now the order of the day...   But then again, you try and convince people that is the case, and most will double down.  Winning at has, always been about winning the votes of those unsure people sat on the fence.   I felt that's getting more difficult with every election as there are fewer of them every time.
Merely shows trying to bait an agree on hot issues with fake numbers doesnt get automatic yes from people.
United States centric bias in this study 😅😅😅
The moment I saw the different sum I immediatly thought: Well are both group the same size.   If yes, Is the third option (No change) implied and hidden.
The hardest thing in life is to remain unbiased
It's called politics. I'm so glad I'm not American. This two-party system will naturally become more and more polarised. The left thrives on division while the right plays right into it.  I can't imagine my personal beliefs skewing my mathematical reasoning. The idea just seems absurd. In a polarised, politically charged society I can see it, but it's not my world.
The gun control question is fascinating because Republicans are capable of understanding stats that agree with them, but abysmal at understanding stats that don't. Meanwhile Democrats do not understand stats that disagree with them any worse than stats that agree, and Democrats with high numeracy *still* outperform Republicans of high numeracy. So in other words, the graph effectively demonstrates that Republicans in that study are *more biased* than Democrats in that study.
Love love love this Video! Great work as always! Gives everyone the opportunity to reflect a moment and hope to do better in if in that situation
The problem is that it is so hard to find the truth these days.  So much that is published as fact is simple wrong or at the least heavily biased.  In my lifetime, this really began with the global warming political movement in the 90s.  So much of the data in this field has been manipulated to support a political agenda, that I believe none of it anymore.  And this was blatantly evident during covid with eminent scientists such as Dr. John Ioannidis were shunned when they showed data that didn’t support the political agenda for covid.  This is, in my opinion, a far larger problem than is the bias showed in this video.  How many of these biases were created by biased “data” published by governments and their propaganda arm know as the MSM?
Thats such a great video,  the polarization of everyone is in a horrible place, unbias and critical thinking a huge step for literaly the whole world
Over the years I became rational about most issues. And indeed, just like Derek says, it immediately put me on the margins, or out of my tribes.
I hate how math determines that the most stable societal configuration for dissimilar views is two parties.  You should do a video on how information travels between groups affects stable societal attitudes. How do we go from everyone thinking something completely different (say 10 people for an example) to people changing their attitudes slightly to meld with whomever they’re discussing with, to those melded attitudes all converging to some stable state. Maybe two people merge ideas, then four people, then another two merge with one of two groups. Then the groups are too large relatively to the total number of people and too dissimilar to change their minds.  Ideally the stable state is one attitude, most often it’s two or more. Better yet, is there a well defined distribution for the number of stable attitudes of a group of N people to converge to after some period of time.   Actually this seems like something you could simulate. There are many science YouTubers who do social simulations with various human characteristics like empathy or altruism. My favorite is called Primer, shoutout to Primer. He has excellent animations.
@6:05 Yep. Guns are kind of like drugs. LOL!
Great video!  First I think that maybe the guns question was a bit misleading. (I'm spainard) titles like "Crime improving" and "crime worsened" (later on corrected in the video) could be misleading, but after i watch the results it seems clear that people understand it pretty well.  When you asked "if you encontered evidence on a political issue but it contradicted your political belief" I have to admit that first i would try to discredit. Because we leave in a world that no proof is totally objective.  And in concluison, I think that people from one political wind to the other I think they tend to be really similar, and want similar things, but they contructed the way in very different form.
like to point out the FBI statistics had an update in the last couple of weeks that increased that reported higher crime rates Reasoning why? because they removed  major cities from the stats
Outstanding video!
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" The real answer was both, for some people it made it better and for others it made it worse.
Great sponsor, very important
Right on! Great video again!...Wait a minute, I will have to look at the data? Reasoning, logic are not part of politics. Exploitation of human tendencies, beliefs, failures and misfits is the art by which hucksters and con men (confidence men) ply their trade all the way to bank and power....If we were to engage in abstract thinking, rationalizing and focusing on end results, we as a society would be at a much better place....e.g. forget climate change, global warming, 2 degree to 3 degree warming...etc. and by focusing on "Disaster Planning" or Disaster prevention would go a long way to getting the same result without much of rancor...my two cents. Thanks.
The "either or" effect
The truly smart people are the ones who immediately start asking questions about the methodology of the study.
Derek… this video was soooo lazy. People have beliefs for a reason and you can’t just “fix” it with made up numbers.
1:34 You could add the amounts of each group and put them in a ratio. Maybe you need to include both ratios somewhere so that the horizontal addition doesn’t just become a binary information. I think I played around with a number system with four numbers like this but I put it in some math textbook. I can’t find it soon because I don’t have time to search.
So what he's saying is that both sides invoke science when it serves their purposes and both sides criticize the other for ignoring science.
I felt uneasy when this got political, and I'm leaving feeling hopeful. This is the kind of message we need in our culture today. Thanks Veritasium team! (and others that helped!)
I wonder if smarter people are better able to correct for this bias once they've realized they're susceptible to it.
Republicans who see a study that conflicts with their external understanding are bringing that external information into their interpretation. You can show me a study that shows aliens exist but I’ll still be skeptical.   Garbage in, garbage out.   This shouldn’t be hard to understand, Derek.
Fantastic video...I wonder if it would have a big impact if it came out a few days earlier and with different titles...the data says not lol
Often times beliefs are not rooted in factors measurable by statistics. Freedom of speech, freedom of bodily autonomy, freedom to defend one's life. These are principled beliefs. If freedom of speech caused an increase in homicides, to many people, that isn't a reason to restrict it.
if you’re smart, you’re dumb
Something about the study, and the presentation of its findings, feels off.  It doesn't appear to reveal anything about the difference in numeracy directly, but rather that when people are confronted by an entity conducting a study they don't trust that entity and don't engage in the study in good faith.
YouTube really needs to do something about the bots.
On these questions people unsubscribe :D
Seems like changing the headers to just "helped" or "hurt" would solve the problem. If we remove the context people can think clearer.
This is a direct result of politicians constantly lying. People make their mind up about a political topic and then ignore anything the political opposition say, as they will have caught them lying on so many occasions.
Thing is, I don't think people decide things based only on outcome. Most of the time is either on principle or feelings.
This is my all time favorite research paper! I’ve been fascinated by it since I discovered it many years ago. It’s brilliant.
The title is clickbait. Smart people did worse compared to themselves, not compared to the less smart, as suggested by the title. Still an interesting and good video, but I don't like how it's advertised.
Inequality metrics are all statistical cons. That inequality always worsens is fact e.g. Gini coefficient does not compare the poorest 20% population to those on more than average income then continues underestimate the rest.
Everybody now go watch "future of reasoning" from Vsauce, goes hand in hand.
Great video. Finally a discussion of politics that was not polarizing and divisive.. two thumbs up
You got to love a good video that has a objective & impersonal view on politics while talking about it. Great video, blast watching it, really opened my eyes to this topic.
I feel like this is more another form of information than a measure of intelligence. Even if someone is stupid, they could be taught a concept like this and get the answer right. Whereas a smart person that hasn't encountered this before will have to use the information they already have, and may or may not get it right based on their background and previous education
I don't think my biggest problem is changing my opinions when presented with compelling data, but rather trusting that data and how it was obtained. Which while valid, is an easy crutch for all of us to lean on.
This isn't showing smarter people do worse. This is showing people with a political belief which goes against reality do worse, and that for those people, intelligence does not play a major part.
How many of them are openly lying to themselves because they know the answers are against their will? The guy in glasses had pure lawyer talk… when one is lying 🙄
And that's why absolute monarchy is best government type... on paper 😅
I think this is a better example of how the standard understanding of IQ is flawed and based off experience and education rather then innate intelectual abilities or true reasoning. Even with huge advances in science literacy, outside of politics, there will always be arguments over the science itself or how it is applied. Im sure this argumentative nature in light of contradictory evidence is independent from IQ and is a more long entrentched human phenomenon.
Goddammit!  Even when I'm right, I'm dumb!
I got all the answers correct.  I must be really dumb.
Bayesian reasoning does not make you irrational
Oh that's what she means by "What can be, unburdened by what has been" 😂
Glad you made this video without being political. I had to unsubscribe some of my favourite YouTubers whom I followed for a long time because they're being too political.
The wording of the questions is really weird, and *doesn't match the actual poll.* The screen graphics show "crime increased" and "crime decreased", but the real card that you showed people said "crime improved" and "crime worsened". It also didn't say whether the change reflected places where the guns had been *legalised* or *banned,* it just said "guns legal" and "guns illegal", which doesn't tell you what the _change_ was.  Finally, it doesn't tell you _how much_ the crime increased. It's counting *the number of cities* not the *number of crimes.* If you have 100 cities where crime increased but that is _a very small increase_ (ex., 2% higher crime) that's probably still better than having "only" 80 cities where crime increased, but where it increased a lot (ex., 40% higher crime).  So, overall, I'd suggest getting some smarter (or perhaps more honest, as *this seems too bad to be **_just_** incompetence)* people *to write the questions* next time - and _show the actual questions that you asked_ on the graphics, instead of different wordings.
very bad video, very bad epistemics, about the political conclusions people have priors already, which they don't with the skin cream. It would be irrational to just believe some random with a microphone on the street, tossing out your priors in the process. Confirmation bias is RATIONAL for both political groups.
If only it was as easy as getting rid of both political parties because you don’t need political parties to vote on what is important to you.
man I miss UA, I wish you would've surveyed the campus when I was there
should have shown the gun control version first so audience could play along and check their own biasis
I wish the description would be updated with the original title every time it changes. What was the original title for this one?
Your counterexample with the sea level rise is a loaded question. There is an assumption in the question that the sea level is rising. Could it be that the land is sinking, or the shore is eroding? Yes, but the loaded question does not allow for either of these possibilities and assumes that it is PROVEN that sea level is rising. Also, even if sea level rise (apparent rise, also including the previously mentioned possibilities) is present at all, is VERY difficult to measure because the measurement error is probably larger that the actual change. I constantly see bias in survey questions which is why I never answer surveys.
I think that shows the very concerning reality that people abandon rationality when presented with made up data only to keep their opinion stable
This video has privileged centrist energy.
What I learned here is that I am an idiot, which already knew, therefore I learned nothing
"Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas" ~ Albert Einstein
Great video. Terrible title.
I think this should be a litmus test as to whether you can become a politician
You should deep dive temu
Being smarter and knowing math aren't the same tho...
Frank Luntz might tell you that how you phrase the question can affect the result significantly. So, misleading numbers plus ambiguous terms equals skewed polling.   RE the Trump crime claims... A few of us remember that even ex presidents have access to security reports, and it seems he was using revised numbers that were published after that interview... Revisions that were certainly available to the vice president as well as a former president.   So what does it say when you choose data that fits your narrative but has been revised out of relevance?
I know it is paraded as a major Political Platform to differentiate the Republicans from the Democrats, however, the most recent Stats I have seen on Climate Change, puts American Climate Deniers at only 17% of the population.  You couldn't tell (and still can't) by watching the YouTube  Conservative content Creators, but even 5 years ago, 67% of Rep/Cons believed in GW/CC, and 70% of those, believed it was Human Caused.  Trump might still believe it to be a hoax, but more likely, he knows where his bread is buttered. Just remember, one of his first Cabinet Appointees as President in 2016, was a former CEO of Exxon.
15 mins of longwinded explanation of confirmation bias. 😂
Republicans who see a study that conflicts with their external understanding are bringing that external information into their interpretation. You can show me a study that shows aliens exist but I’ll still be skeptical.   Garbage in, garbage out.   This shouldn’t be hard to understand, Derek.
Ideology makes you stupid. No surprise.
I like to think I think through things logically and accept the facts...and its landed me right in the middle. Its forced me to lean left on some policies and right on other policies and now everyone thinks im the enemy haha.
When did "climate change" become political and loaded?? It's just… a thing…
Me being like "Big number + good" and "Small number + bad" are the correct answers lol
I would love to get some 100 of these trick questions that derek has to answer in avery strict time limit xD.  These questions should be picked by his team knowing which topics might polarize him
I'm a bit hesitant to accept some of the conclusions here, for instance on social issues there's often little to no data to point to. Gay marriage doesn't have some powerful argument about the beneficial effects of additional weddings on the economy, for instance, it's just a question about the social order. I don't deny that the study is fascinating and makes good points, I'm just skeptical about how widespread the applicability is, especially since I definitely do frequently reconsider my positions on issues after reading a paper (though usually not radically, and it tends to be more with respect to how to solve a problem rather than what the problem is to be solved). I am autistic, though, and generally quite rational, so its possible that has some effect, it's also possible I'm equally susceptible to this and just don't believe it. I'd be interested to find if this same effect holds among autistic people, and if so if it does to the same degree.
it seems people tend to apply abductive reasoning when the topic touches their political opinions opposed to deductive reasoning when there is no political nuance.
First what i made is use calculator to calculate propotion. It's not because i'm not smart - it's because i am an engineer.
The difficulty with avoiding "buzzwords that could trigger anyone into tribal thinking" or avoiding "demonising the other side" is that this only works if both sides (all sides in multi-party countries) do it. If the other side keeps demonising its enemies and using loaded language, it will just recharacterize your initiatives in polarised terms.
But what is not said here is that literacy and education do make you more likely to be left-leaning rather than right-leaning. So while there are these two graphs of people with high numeracy skills drifting away from each other, it's important to remember that the high numeracy people represented by the blue liberal line are significantly more people in absolute numbers than the high numeracy conservative people. Also, while deliberate non-partisan language avoids triggering tribal thinking, we can't let that keep us from calling out nonsense and speaking the truth as it is. The evidence simply shows that climate change *IS* man-made. Dancing around that fact so that people may continue pretending that's not the case is hurting society on a larger scale.
Would it be right to say that politics make people stupid? What does the numbers say? 😅
Poker players would have nailed those questions
By smart you mean the median…
Initial thoughts: 0.83 of the placebo reported improvement, compared to 0.74 in the test. 0.74 - 0.83 = -0.09 , the test did worse than expected   After watching: always bring a calculator :)
An apolitical video about politics? In this economy??
The lady at 3:01 was great, because at a glance you might say that she lacks the ability to interpret the data, but in reality she is asking for the methodology, which is 1,000,000x more important than the actual numerical outcomes.
For a second I was super thrilled that I got the answer right from the start, but then I remembered the hypothesis of the study and realised I must be a complete moron...😮
i wish you put the second question first without any explanation so I could see where I landed 😊
Bias. It can be completely irrational. But in gereneral, bias is just a prior condition (knowledge), often substantiated by personal experience, sometimes by external "trusted" information, and sometimes only by desire to be right, spiriling into not admitting own mistakes made some time ago, even though it could be a right decision back in time.
I guess I'm doing it wrong, because my political beliefs are far different from my "tribe".
this seems highly related to parkinson's law. people will relegate dry complex technical issues to the experts (how much btu is needed to heat and cool an office building), and then spend hours arguing over the unimportant but easy to conceptualize (even if erroneously) issues (what color the floor tiles should be to match or contrast the curtains)
The FBI quietly updated their 2022 crime statistics and instead of a decrease it was in fact an increase.
People cannot accurately interpret and understand data from studies that go against their political or religious beliefs
The answer sometimes is in the middle...but people go to the extremes.
Anyone pulled paused the video displaying the chart, pulled out a sheet of paper and started calculating the percentages before the damn percentages were shown? It felt so useless afterwards….
So... Belief is bad... Already knew that.
I knew this was about politics the moment the lady interviewed said "I dunno I would need to know what the skin cream was and what the rash was"
"People believe to fit in with their tribe, which is highly rational"  Me as an autist - no, it's pathetic.
Isn't this also about how you interpret the data? Because my political stance on Global Warming is that it is partly man-made but mostly nature itself changing. And I myself never saw data that definitly proved it is mostly man-made. No, always %'s of some gas that increased by like 1% over like 10 years. And I am not a scientist so 1% sounds VERY low to ME. But for the scientist it is A LOT. So... How you interpret the data is a lot of the problem. You have to understand the subject on almost scientific level.
I think the wording of the question could be a bit misleading. Someone could that its crimes prevented and crimes caused.
With skin cream or gun control, this is not even close to enough evidence to definitively say either way, but especially when it comes to gun control there are other factors.
You assumed evolution...
Understanding unconscious biases (in particular confirmation bias) is a superpower
You did not show the exact question asked when the example was gun control. Maybe this was just a sloppy oversight, but I think you are smart enough to expect people to translate “the same question” in only one way, even if that isn’t entirely accurate. It feels misleading. Why were we not able to see you asking people the question when the data was labeled as gun control?
9:29 Marathi Manus!?
Wait this is such a great video for right now
if your getting asked a question by veritasium, just know it's not going to be intuitive
Lmao about to share my political thoughts no one cares about on gun control:  CCTV footage shows good guys stopping crimes when they occur using pistols. The good guys rarely have assault rifles. Stationary good guys (store owners, home defense) have shotguns, mobile good guys have pistols. What do the bad guys have? They’re disproportionately equipped with assault rifles. Assault rifles should have stronger regulations. Pistols should have weaker regulations. Why does California (my state) require a 10-day waiting period for a firearm that is most commonly used for self defense? Seems like some libtard made that law (I fall very liberal on most tests).
LETS NOT MAKE RASH DECISIONS
Why is climate change political when it’s accepted science fact?
this is why ily Veritasium. Keep up the great videos, brother!
So are you saying that we should be dumb on purpose? Nonsense.
The difference is yet to be proved to have statistical significance. UPD: yep, not significant   Difference	8.6 % 95% CI	-0.0797% to 16.1181% Chi-squared	3.799 DF 	1 Significance level	P = 0.0513 No conclusion on effect could be made upon this data.
So the conclusion is that numerate people allow their biases to influence their thinking more than the innumerate?
Crime stats and skin cream stats are like comparing crime and skin cream. Intelligent people would immediately say: this "experiment" is, at very best, flawed. Fail.
Just imagine how bad this could get if all of the universities hired professors who all had the same ideology. It could get crazy seeing that the problem gets worse the smarter you are; or think you are. Hmmm...
me upvoting ... cause everyone else should see this :3 m already perfect 😌🙈 what im trying to say chat: this is about us , considering were on this channel , were probably the target group
Long story short: You wake up in your bed and believe, what ever you want to believe
People who base conclusions off of bigger numbers are smarter?
One of the things I have the hardest time accepting is those instances where the right thing to do is the wrong thing to do.    I had a falling-out with a friend many years ago (well over a decade ago).  I tried to reach out, tried to apologize, tried to make amends, tried to give them the opportunity to apologize and make amends for their part in the misunderstanding.  I tried to foster communication and reconciliation, or even just the understanding for an amicable break with no hard feelings.  I tried and tried and tried to do everything my power to mend what had been broken.  In my mind, from my experience at that time, to my whole world philosophy, "giving up" was the worst possible thing I could do.  Unfortunately, the other person felt differently.  From their point of view, my insistence pushed them even further away.  They wanted nothing more than to turn around, walk away, give up on our friendship, and move on with their life.  They felt that confronting things was too painful, and going our separate ways was the best option.  Everything I tried to do to make things better actually pissed them off and made things worse.  It sucked big time.  If either of us had been inclined toward the other way of dealing with things, we both would have been more stress-free.  The friendship would either have been healed, or been broken with little fuss, and we would have been as okay as possible.  But because our relative methods for dealing with interpersonal conflict were so opposite, we hurt each other in deep, deep ways.  Sucks.  I felt in my bones that I was doing the right thing.  But it had the opposite effect.  In the gun control / gun rights debate, and similarly in the abortion debate, many people have many strong feelings on how best to save innocent lives.  And each is coming at the problem from their own point of view.  Almost nobody is really truly committed to killing as many innocent people as possible.  But the way to save lives is approached in different ways, based on notions that have been ingrained by some philosophy.  When you're desperately trying to "do the right thing," and another person is also desperately trying to "do the right thing," and those two ways are at odds with each other, coming together on a compromise is difficult.  Stopping to research what, statistically, is truly THE solution, takes time, effort, and even the best statisticians don't agree on methodology and such.  If I read a study, that seemed to have the best of all possible methodologies, a meta-study, culled from a wide data set, taking in factors of this and that, race, gender, poverty, etc, etc, something that proved to my satisfaction that something I always thought was the best way to save lives, actually cost lives instead- and/or the thing that I always thought was costing so many lives would actually save many more: how would I feel about that?  Would doing the "wrong thing" to achieve the right results be something I could condone?  I honestly do not know.  We have such things baked into us, usually from an early age.  It's a struggle for the best of people, and the rest of us average folks struggle even more.   I certainly wish that more people would be more willing to listen to the "other side" rather than villainizing them.  Our political scene, in America especially, is polarizing for sure.  We need more voices of reason, rather than voices of division, to bring people together to solve our problems.
It absolutely surprised me how this was supposed to be an unbiased analysis and yet all the questions presented to people were questions that support one political ideology, lol. Btw I'm a liberal minded environmental engineer and I see how all global warming data is manipulated and exaggerated to push a political ideology.
What a waste of time
10:30 YES YES YES!! Im not even American but it drives me insane how divided the political climate is. It stops you guys from Progess so frickin much! Im from Germany and we also have a strong rise of populist parties. It annoyes the heck out of me, how they are splitting our society. But atleast it hasent come so far, that we vote for someone who wants to undermine the democratic system to become a dictator. (I mean we had that already in our past and learned from that I guess .-.)
*Rationality goes out the window when politics comes in*
There is also the possibility of selection bias. Imagine walking up to random people with data that catches them off guard and challenges their beliefs - do you expect those people to blindly accept the information they are presented with, or instead to become guarded?
I have a good friend that is a registered nurse. She is conservative, Republican and Christian. She will freely agree that true or false does not matter when it challenges her fundamental beliefs.
I consider myself a relatively smart person, but the rash example stuck out instantly to me. I saw 298 participants in the cream and 198 in the no cream study, where a higher percentage in the cream study got worse. I assume, because I can see three actuality of the numbers, that I won't be able to understand how the other people concluded the results. Okay, on with the show...
The question isn't a mathmatically one alone it comes done to value judgements. If you value a cure at a higher rate then the skin cream helps, if you value not worsening at a higher rate the skin cream hurts. I don't see there being a right and wrong answer to the question.
He reaaaaally baited me into political video, well played…
Ah that might explain woke thinking 🤔
Partisanship melts brains. Political parties do not, generally, function to benefit people. They are private organizations that seek their own self-interests. While I still vote for the least bad candidate in any given election, I am under no illusions of how political parties function.
Hmm i wonder why they didnt show democrats the opposite chart of gun control increasing crime, and seeing if both republicans and democrats were biased when viewing statistics. But no we have another youtuber that wants to pepetuate the dislike of republicans
So you're saying it's like all of our media, corporations and groups in power figured out how to get us to think along the lines that benefit them?  Yeah I can see that.
this video is amazing. This is why I hate people, always thinking without logic and statistically. That's why blm exists
THIS is what YouTube is made for… straight facts from shown data like this. It’s hard for us (and me) to realise that maybe your neighbour who is voting Trump isn’t so different. Everyone has lives, most of which are full of stress and it’s hard to find facts from lies and conspiracies when we have so little time.    However, there are always good people out there, and if we were to spend a little bit more of our time looking at trusted and known sources, we could make a big difference; maybe a good news outlet for current events that gives information in a non-biased, and with minimal secondary sources; or maybe a peer reviewed scientific paper.  With a little more critical thinking in our society, we can do so much that we may think was impossible from the stirred up political tension in the United States and even other countries as well. The other side IS NOT STUPID. They have seen the world differently than you, and they have seen it the same as you have.
"Thank you" is sometimes - as such in this case - the best comment
i do wonder what the results would be if its something people already have a stance on but isn't political, and what happens if the study comes to a conclusion that everyone knows to be wrong instinctually.
The first question is lacking some info, you cannot say the correct answer without knowing how many people were in the cream and non cream group. With the picture showing four people for both groups they even suggest that cream and non cream group has the same number of people, which would mean in cream group 223-107=116 got better and 75-21=54 got worse so overall 62 got better. Of course the remaining people are in the no change group.
Testing a skin cream efficacy, where the control doesnt get a placebo, is unscientific. The results should be useless. Not to mention you cant do a double blind study without a placebo... meaning all sorts of biases of the patients and testers skewed the results.
I consider myself fairly numerate. That's why I'm voting for Chase Oliver!
Get ready to be flipped on your head at 4:06
Wow. Thank you for another great post
Isn't that just a confusion matrix?
moral of the story: be a centrist
Is gun control political? In the US I guess it is but I'm in the UK where it isn't. All political parties support gun control so I wonder how the gun control question would go in the UK vs the US.
As soon as Derek mentioned politics I was like, "This is about to get divisive." Strangely, though, I finished the video with a sense of pity for the 'other' side and a little shame for mine.
So then, you are saying that the only true intellectuals, are Hermits.  Kind of explains why most of the brightest minds throughout history were socially awkward loners. They didn't use their time and effort trying to fit in or chase                                                                                                                                           an intimate partner.
Dam they where in Tucson at UA and I missed it!!!
I was worried when I got the answer right. Although that was just the non-political question, so I'm safe.
The lady who said she needed to know what type of rash it was is definitely voting for kamala.
Man, that lady got so flustered over a hypothetical question lol
Okay I'm 6:30 into this and there's something really bugging me. Why are people falling into the trap of assuming that the binary choices they're being presented with have any correlation between actions and result?  And why aren't they questioning if there are other possible reasons for something occurring?  It's alarming how easily even the questions rope them into a thought process that is simplistic.  In the case of the first skin cream example, anyone with a modicum of statistical training will immediately realize that the proportion of people whose rashes improved without cream was much higher than those who had the cream, and that a much larger percentage of people who got the cream worsened.  However ...  This begs the question - why would a cream make something worse?  It's highly unlikely given that it's almost certainly formulated with things proven to be beneficial for skin.  So was the cream responsible for the rash getting worse?  Was it possibly genetics?   Age?  Was it possibly ANYTHING else?  And why is no one asking "Was there no one who neither got better nor worse?"    I think given the data, there's no assured conclusion to be reached; the best you could do is a reasonable guess/opinion.  And in that regard, I'd be more likely to conclude that the cream had very little if any effect, and it's more like a sample of 326 people, 230 who improved and 96 who didn't, and I want to know what kind of rash it was and what about all the people whose condition didn't change?  And then the gun control thing is a classic example of how easily some people are manipulated for political agendas.  Why assume that gun control has any effect on crime either way?  Places with strict gun control laws (e.g. Chicago where I live) are also usually run by Democrats , and it's no secret that Democrats have a propensity to be soft on crime, defund police, and they have pretty much stopped enforcing laws as any meaningful deterrent and keep turning criminals back out on the streets with a revolving door.  So was it gun control that had an effect or something much more basic?  Not mention, how about the influence of the increasing coarsening of societal norms?  Back in the 1960's for example, when things were still relatively civilized, there were practically no guns laws and there was very little gun violence.  I would argue gun control has a small effect if any on crime rates one way or the other.  The one irrefutable truth however is that criminals by definition don't obey laws, including gun laws, so why would anyone want them to be the only people carrying guns around in a gun restricted city?  Especially a city with a reduced police presence...  Point being, this video is very illustrative, but what it really shows is the absence of critical thought and the acceptance of false binary dilemmas. I'm sure the people who came up with this "study" knew what they were doing, so my question is: Why did they present such a blatantly flawed premise to base it on? What agenda are they pursuing to make a point?  Nothing like starting with a conclusion and then building a data base to support it.    There's lies, there's damned lies, and then there's statistics.
I love it. Good video.  However, I can't help but warn that "the data" isn't always honest and objectively presented. Where you find your data could be just as important as understanding it quantitatively.
And here I was convinced this just was a trick question because there was probably an unknown third group whose rashes stayed of a very similar severity. With such an unknown third group, proportional reasoning doesn't really work, after all.   If there were an equal amount of participants in both groups, (with about 170 in this third group, in the test group that didn't use the cream), then using the skin cream would be more likely to cure you than not using it (even if it's still also more likely to make things worse) which certainly complicates the discussion  If we assume the worst-case scenario for this hidden group (worst-case for the argument that you shouldn't use the cream, that is)  People using the cream: Improved: 223 / 298 = 75% No change: 0 / 298 = 0% Worse: 75 / 298 = 25%  People not using the cream: Improved: 107 / 298 = 36% No change: 170 / 298 = 57% Worse: 21 / 298 = 7%  You can probably see how you could come to a different conclusion like this
Well done to you and your entire team - Amazing work   Directed by Wylie Overstreet and Derek Muller Written by Wylie Overstreet and Derek Muller Edited by Trenton Oliver Animated by Fabio Albertelli, James Cheetham Illustrated by Jakub Misiek, Emma Wright, and Maria Gusakovich Filmed by Derek Muller and Wylie Overstreet Additional research by Gabe Bean Produced by Wylie Overstreet, Derek Muller, Rob Beasley Spence, Gabe Bean, Gregor Čavlović, and Tori Brittain Thumbnail contributions by Jakub Misiek, Ren Hurley and Peter Sheppard Additional video/photos supplied by Getty Images, Storyblocks Music from Epidemic Sound 🔥♥🙏
Is this video made only to shell suscriptions to Ground News? Perhaps, but great video tho.
8:35 That is pretty much what I expect from someone with a bottle of "Smart Water" in their hands :D
I just watched an Adam Conover video and he was also sponsored by Ground News.
Did they mention explicitly that the total amount for both groups is not equal? Because if people had this assumption then the conclusion for every case flips. I think it's intuitive to think of two difference control group sizes when you test a cream, but when you test a policy you want to test this on an equal number of cities. If you only implement gun control in 1 city and crime increases then the ratio is infinite, but this isn't very meaningful of an interpretation of course.
Wow, people are biased, can act irrational and gaslight themselves into believing their own view of the world, who would've thought.
It probably doesn't help that people with wildly different values/principles are being forced at gun point to share a polity.  The post-hoc rationalizations of various issues only make it appear that we are starting from common ground.
Nothing new here… Confirmation Bias.  Tversky and Khaneman, 1974!
This is honestly terrifying.
I could feel Grey cheering in the background...
There is a problem. When, for reasons of education or family tradition, your political vision admits that your vote can change, that your vision of things can be wrong, but the other group accepts without thinking anything that their leaders tell them, even when those same things are opposite to what they had been told in previous elections. The example is that of Peronism in Argentina. Peronist voters have a narrow-minded vision that their leaders are right, that the others are traitors, even when that vision at times was statist, then privatizing, then statist again. Peronism is well known for its repeated violations of human rights, however the last Peronist government said that they were the only ones who respected human rights by changing history to suit them. And this is when the rationality of the other group goes out the window. If one group is always rational, open to changing its idea, and the other group will never do so, that is an evolutionary disadvantage, and so in Argentina Peronist governments are required to do little or nothing, and non-Peronists are required to have a Swiss government.  Polarization in ideas arises when one group, or both, cover their ears and shout to avoid listening to the other. I think that evolutionarily it is a disadvantage in these cases to try to change one's view even when the data convinces us, because we know positively that the other party would never do so.  If one group is capable of admitting some change of position, and the other never, that is a disadvantage for one of the groups, and stubbornness ends up being an advantage for the other.
Moral of story: Guns don't kill people, skin cream kills people!
"People give dogmatic responses to complicated issues when there's not enough information to draw an informed conclusion"  That shouldn't be surprising, but it doesn't indicate that being smarter makes you less likely draw accurate conclusions. There is not a fair comparison to be drawn between the questions of cream application and the questions of gun control policies, even though the numbers may be identical.
Yes, the biggest takeaway is that fitting in with your tribe is rational and logical  which, unfortunately, means democracy has a big flaw
Ngl i dont think its necessarily being smart that makes it worse
Im glad you made a video on Gun Control, if only to have bots spam the error "XAI76something" to show how many comments are bot comments.   Hope those werent paid for. Dead internet.
My problem with this example is the cream study looks like a real double blind while for the crime thing I assume there are lots of factors at play and that makes me immediately skeptical. Like yes of course the numbers are not open to interpretation but that doesn't convince me on the actual facts, it sounds too much like an oversemplification. And btw the "action to face sea-level rise" makes me so sad, it's like "we will agree on removing the ash but the fire rages on" ... such a low bar.
I thought it was gonna be about that medical school stat question that everyone gets wrong
Will Derek vote for A Harris or  B Trump?  None of the above. He is Australian.
I got it right 🤷🏻‍♂️
I feel like you forgot the good old saying "correlation does not equal causation" with the questions posed.  One question seem very causational where the other is effected by more variables and the less accurately predictable human behavior.  The questions does not seem comparable. Data may be the same but the relations between cream on skin to skin health and specific control political policy to broadly crime stats seems incompatible.  It does not feel right logically.  I'm not disclaiming the findings of the studies. I'm not capable of that. But at least the way it is set up in the video does not follow the conclusion that is wanted.  It feels like you've worked backwards from the conclusion to get the answer.  I'd say try it again sometime but with both questions be human behavior and see if it fits.  Otherwise great video. Interesting subject.  And sorry for my less than stellar formulated critique of you video. Hope you understand.
'Believing' what your tribe believes is great until your tribe is headed to hell-in-a-handbasket, then you need to think for yourself.
I am training my self to think critically. For example: given three points on a line, one and only one is between two other points. Try to prove it! I did))
For the 0 Numeracy group, people are only getting a 25% success rate on a 50/50 question. This makes me doubt my understanding of the results, or doubt the results. Also note that they do get a 50% success rate for one of the cream questions, and only a 25% for the second version.
Go out and vote it's important vote vote vote!
We don't "believe" gun control decreases gun violence, we have empirical evidence from other countries that show us this is the case.
This video has the highest explanatory power of the political landscape I've ever seen. Harrowing, honestly. I feel like I catch myself often when I'm looking at evidence that disagrees with my political opinions, but I think I should look even deeper
I don't understand "numeracy". how is it assigned? do you just ask people for their numeracy? it's probably meaningless, people rarely can estimate their own intellectual abilities with any accuracy. this experiment most likely has no statistical relevance at all.
It's a really bad question swap... are you pulling an inception on us? Are we still in the experiment?
Sometimes I’m to drunk for a Veritasium
"are people more or less likely to trust random data when that data goes against their beliefs, regardless of level of intelligence?"
Thing is with most political topics, it's more a question of values (which most can't be quantified) than just data. For gun control for example, someone could value freedom over government policies. Even if it means the crime (data) gets worse. But yeah we still all got that confirmation bias when analyzing a situation for sure. A good question to ask yourself imo is "what evidence would it take for me to change my mind" and sometimes you'll see you won't even have an answer to that, which means you don't even know what you need to change your mind, so probably will never do.
Lovely video. Important point presented very timely.
I'd be super annoying if I were in the group asked the crime question because I'd wanna know what causal inference methodology they were using to determine if crime increased or decreased.
I stopped watching when the video got into politics!
That moment you realize he just meant Americans will be americans.
when found with contradictory evidence thats just a few numbers and nothing concrete, yess they will do everything to refute it and stick to their beliefs 😅.  Is that not just logical?  If you give me random data on a placebo pill, Im working on numbers, you'll get the logical answer, if you tell me removing guns causes more crimes,I'll have fokken questions.  Because it can make sense, but odds are that what I thought : it reducing crimes also makes sense.  So why does the data show it increasing.   Brutal murders up, normal murders down?  What exactly is going up? What is this data?  A lot of questions x), a lot of "justifying" my beliefs according to the video x)
1111 people is a terrible sample size. Its a good start to open up the discussion and have follow up studies produced but thats it.
I found your field study to be flawed. When you were presenting the table of statistics to the Republicans, there was a green up arrow and a red down arrow, which is ambiguous for crime, since higher crime is undesirable. In addition, using symbols of guns was also ambiguous, since I wasn't sure myself whether that meant gun control or gun rights. You should have just used clear, bold text without any symbols:  --                        | Crime Increased | Crime Decreased |  Gun Control      | x1                         | x2                          | No Gun Control| x3                         | x4                          |
As always great video, but the constantly changing background texture makes it really hard to focus.
I'd love that you repeated the experiment, this time dividing the sample between believers and not believers in god.
One thing that has worked for me is to change my political "goals." I've been on several political tribes, but eventually I had enough of the discomfort of trying to justify everything in my political frame. I said from now on I'm going to go with the "truth" no matter which side it is on.
If you believe something to be true, always try to disprove it.
If the Airforce tells you that a ET craft crash in the desert, but came back the next day and told you another story that was latter proven a lie, what would you believe.
All I got from those charts is that the averaged numeracy democrat is smarter but also more biased than the average liberal, lol.
The problem with finding "Middle ground" is that science is sometimes (Not always, but sometimes) literally all on one side of the aisle. Your example of not mentioning "Climate Change" and instead focusing on "Sea level rise" is fundamentally ceding ground to ignorance and hamstringing your efforts to effectively combat the issue of "Sea Level Rise". Climate change IS what is causing sea levels to rise and is the best predictor of future sea level rise. Sea levels will continue to rise if climate change isn't addressed. And your efforts to combat "Sea level rise" will be a losing battle until either all the sea ice on Earth has melted or greenhouse gas emissions have reached net zero.  "Climate Change" is already language that has been depoliticized. The term used to be "Global Warming," which is itself a more explicit term that implicitly targets fossil fuel use and its impact on atmospheric heat. The shift to the term "Climate Change" was itself partially politically-motivated, an appeasement to right-wing efforts to "Debunk" Global Warming. You never win by ceding ground to opponents of science, you just delay.
Crime stats have zero impact on my stance on gun control. Literally every crime could be committed by someone with a gun and I would still be opposed to further restrictions. Gun control is a band-aid on the symptom of a problem and a total gun ban would drastically increase the odds of our government becoming a very serious problem for us and probably the world
So basically a strong belief makes smart people ignore the presented statistics, because their other reference (their supposedly well grounded opinion) is more trustworthy. It seemed to me that they were still able to see the statistical conclusion, they just decided not to solve it as such, because they suspected the data to be faulty, and tried to answer the real question. It kinda makes sense, because you can't doubt everything all the time, so you only do when things seem to differ from the usual. What I'd be interested about is whether they would change their answer if they were somehow convinced that the numbers are actually reflective of reality. What proportion would still go against the statistics after having no logical argument left other than "feels incorrect"
All this video has confirmed in me is that, the best way to exist rationally is to avoid taking a side of a political ideology.  I will continue avoiding politics and becoming a sheep for a group of people who want to control me.
@10:13 why is that scary. It's not on sides, you're all American.
Really interesting and well made study design. Something I find very interesting is that the graphs at ~8:00 seem to show that liberal democrats have a generally higher level of "numeracy" and "ordinary science intelligence" and "open-minded thinking" (the uncertainty is much smaller in the high end for liberals than for conservatives, whereas the uncertainty is lowest around the 50th percentile for conservatives).
This is the same as "A 1/3 lb burger is smaller than a quarter pounder"  People are dumb, this isnt new.
You imply that because people couldn't be reasoned out of a position, they must not have reasoned themselves into it soberly to begin with.  I don't think that's actually true.  Once you form your opinion, you're more likely to find common ground with those that share the opinion and argue with those who don't. While you aren't looking, this will cause you to become emotionally invested in that opinion. And you'll form communities where that opinion is basically accepted fact. It'll come to feel like part of your identity, even if it began as a sober assessment of the facts.
Wait so am I not smart if I solve the questions or am I smart
Statistically smarter people do worse on drivers tests
When discussing politics you can just think rationally and go with the "evidence". You have to assume all sources of information are biased and you can be lied to by anyone
Conclusion: Bias switches off our thinking. Who could have thought 🤯🤯🤯
Isnt this terror management theory?
This may sound weird, but neurodivergent may be the solution to the problem. They seem to be less judging, not jumping to the conclusion and tend to consider facts before expressing opinion. Of course, it may not be universal, but it's a start.
TRUMP 2024, 2028
Exactly why politics shouldn’t be a part of social life. Values should take precedent over everything and people should vote in accordance with their values. As a Christian, I surround my self with other Christians, many of whom I could not disagree with more on politics. However, nobody is ousted because our values hold true and take precedent to petty politics.
smart people are stubborn and sceptical, what a surprise also completely justified in this case cause the data WAS fake
I haven't finished the video im 2 minutes in and this premise doesn't make sense. If the guy just said number bigger without thinking how does that make him smart? Wouldn't intelligence show they can think irrationally.
0:48 improved is about twice as much cream vs no cream, but worsened is about thrice as much cream vs no cream, so that cream is bad for you.
When it comes to gun control the hard numbers are worthless, the only numbers that count is "violent crimes committed by people who would be affected by gun control". For example, a terrorist wouldn't care in the slightest if having or concealing a gun is illegal, nor do gangs, so you have to compare only a very specific subset of crimes to see if gun control works. However nobody agrees on who's in that specific subset of people that, with gun control, wouldn't be able or willing to commit crimes. So any number reported or compared is based entirely on OPINION, by choosing which crimes to consider and which not, and opinion isn't scientific. Opinions are political matter, only the left tries to push them as facts.
Smart water wasn't helping, huh... 😂 Just answer the damned question. If you cannot, just say that.
This is closely associated with Simpson's paradox
The best video on this subject was by the great Hans Roslin.
"Their side, my side" What about OUR side. Left/Right is so stupid. Feel like people just need something to hate more than something to believe. Most people dont like their side half as much as they hate the opposite...
There are no normal people at political rallies. Especially the cults.
Who are you voting for @Veritasium
Hum. I even got the control question wrong. In my mind, the 2 groups were of equal size, meaning that there was a bigger percentage of increase on the the total group size in the group of people with a positive effect, than percentage of increase on the total group size in the group of people with a negative effect. But I guess the number of people for who the cream had no effect should also matter, plus there were no numbers on those. (I probably did something wrong there).  In short, I've been overthinking that table of number so much that while it feels I should be in the genius group, but in reality I'm dangling somewhere on the bottom, and also I entirely missed the point of this video 😅  Whether we like it or not, we're always biased, unless it's something we don't care about at all, and I think that bias is a good thing (not for math quizzes, but for standing up for what's important to you).
I love ground news and i noticed that sometimes its not just left and right that contradict themselves but sometimes same sided news.
4:20 I saw this plot twist coming a mile away LOL
Wylie Overstreet -- the wily street reporter!
"Feelings don't care about facts" Shen Bapiro
Why do you think everyone has a voice on the web "they" wouldn't let me get my opinion out there.  And people need the duality. It keeps us in control of the bus (for lack of a better description) Prove me wrong and comment then?
If a faction refuses to accept reality, that's not polarization. The term "polarization" explicitly accepts the equivalence of "both sides."
The skin cream data should show the total n-size and how experienced no change.
So Derek just proved we're all programmed sheeple
Ahhh that explains it... I do not care about any tribalism. Bias is a scary thing, and I see it on the rise all around me. And the algorithms are preying on those, just pushing people further into a corner.
I don't think the best way to cut through polarization is not to try to trick people with not using words that "trigger" them.  This is tried all the time by politicians and it results in constant definition creep and only works for a little bit.  Anecdotally, the best way I've found to communicate with people you don't agree with is try to understand the underlying values that drive them to weight different outcomes as more important.  For instance if you are a pro-2nd Amendment person, maybe you very highly value self-defense or personal freedom over security.  If you want more gun control, maybe you value reduction of human suffering and general safety over more abstract things.  The exercise of trying to understand WHY someone thinks they way they do and not WHAT is incredibly valuable.  It's a good mental practice and a whole lot harder, but more rewarding then, "They think that because they are Evil and/or on the OTHER side".
this is not a well explained video i think!
just figuring out that I am not a smart person hahah
"Smarter people do worse" no. Stupid people say stupid things. Also, don't include everyone in with US citizens. The rest of the world isn't that closed off
4:13 out of all the “plot twists” in all the science videos I have seen (both here and other YTs, this was the first that actually made me do a dibble take. I was not expecting that…
Cognitive Dissonance
Innumeracy makes people vote for Trump.
Getting a political ad mid video is wild
10:29 the problem is you have two different groups who fundamentally disagree on what needs to be done and what is right or wrong. There is no "working together" if the other person believes in doing the exact opposite of something that you have a profound belief in.
Feel like the title is slightly clickbait; more “numerate” people tend to do no better than less numerate people, or they do worse than would be expected in an apolitical context, but for that upper end numeracy, they still do perform better than those with less numeracy    That small thing aside, super interesting video. Love to see stuff like this that calls people out for being so overprotective politics. This nations people need more respect between each other, especially over common disagreements like those in politics. Love each other, treat each other with respect, and agree to disagree.
0:57 This is solved using a Fisher's exact test. 😬
Here is another factor. Most people are very liberal when they're young and grow up to be conservative.
to summerize, it's always about one's feelings. It's never about what's fact.
Ofc the MAGA people don't trust the cream
My answer would be that it isn’t a good experiment
Were they told it was a fake study?
... the two sides are not that different. Except only one side got in line to wait JFK to come, one side believes in man made hurricanes, and one side believes Trump is Jesus.
But hey... Hold on a second...   You say that the test is the exact same, the numbers are the exact same, everything's the same, but... it's actually far from being the same.  On one hand, you have a simple question about cream and skin rashes.  On the other, you’re dealing with an issue where people’s lives are at stake, and the stakes couldn't be higher.   The complexity of the question increases exponentially, because now it’s not just about applying proportional reasoning.  You have to take into account the real-world implications, which automatically triggers a deeper level of emotional and cognitive processing. Plus, the answer to a politically charged question like gun control doesn’t just feel like a neutral calculation — it reflects your beliefs and who you are as a person.   So, people are dealing with social identity and the pressure to conform to their ideological tribe.  The data is no longer unbiased, and even if the numbers are the same, our interpretation of them isn't.    In essence, we’re no longer reasoning in a vacuum...  We’re processing data through the lens of our values, our emotions, and our social connections, which complicates how we think about the information... This makes the test results much more nuanced than just blaming numeracy or intelligence...
Yay i was wrong 😍🙏
I have always been the outlier 😂
Can we have a video on numeracy?
Not sure that study does enough to target politics as the source of bias. If people have prior knowledge on any topic they are more likely to factor that into their decision making than by solely relying on their numeracy skills.
Woah woah woah, Veritasium. You can't just release a logical video attempting to undo some of the extreme political division in our society right before an election! The politicians and media have worked too hard and spent too much money on their division campaigns. You're breaking the rules. >.>
The snooping big pharma execs watching this video are all smiling, realizing their jobs are very secure.
And more rights for others doesn't mean less rights for you, it's not a pie.
This is the kind of video I wish everyone would watch.
Don't use words that trigger the right because generally speaking they are unaware of reality. Got it.  We can acknowledge that it affects all sides as much as you want, but making this a "both sides" issue is folly.  There is not a single issue on which the right does not have a twisted view of reality.
Sorry but how would picking the bigger number be smart? Or knowing math doesn't help? Seeing the proportionality requires more math than just guessing the biggest number?
skibidi
It’s interesting when it’s false data about something people care about. Skepticism is also a useful trait to have. If someone came up to you with a study that says giving every child in the US a shotgun and fifty shells for their tenth birthday would reduce the rate of gun violence, you shouldn’t look at the numbers and go oh yeah that’s what it says in the study it must be true, you should look into how many lead paint chips they are as a kid.
Ya'll cute thinking that solving problems has anything to do with the conversations and issues politicians are discussing. It is just about using issues to gain power and control. It is about winning and holding power. We are all just useful idiots to our rulers.
I can't believe you tricked me into consuming more political content this week 😂
Has this study been replicated outside of the US?
I would say that big part here is also data presentation problem which is often used to manipulate people even though the graphs and numbers are real.
Title a bit misleading, but fair enough I suppose
I think I misunderstand something about this data. For example, plot at 6:18 shows republicans' answers when the table showed that gun control increased crime, which mean the "right" answer is that it does increase it, and "wrong" answer - that it does not. So 75% of republicans with 0 numeracy said "gun control does not increase crime" against their political beliefs?
I love that you introduced this video explaining the data with the skin cream, then went into the political topic.  You completely negate any possibility of a viewer thinking you were trying to pull a fast one on them.
Wait isn’t this just confirmation bias when they got it wrong?
👍good one...............all of them are good tho 😀
Tell the democrats about villifing the other side. They keep calling trump hitler and a nazi
Thanks
1:29 i used proportional reasoning in a slightly different way  the numbers for with cream improvement are ≈ 2x as big as the baseline  but the numbers for with cream deterioration are ≈ 3x as worse
Interesting video, thank you. I did think the labels shown to the participants did introduce a little ambiguity and/or bias. The green UP ARROW next to the "Crime Improved" caused me to second guess the label, when I quickly focused on "UP ARROW" and "Crime". Also what was presented to the participants "Crime Improved" was slightly different to the video graphic of "Crime Increased".
well timed with the elections
Interesting don’t believe what I believe to fit in with my “tribe.”  In fact, the majority of my family hates me due to my political beliefs. But I’m not about to give in to them just to fit in.
10:48 How on earth did we get to the point where a science channel is calling “climate change” a loaded/partisan term??
Just a food for thought... may be we need a newer more modern political system then democracy. May be a merit-orial democracy where rather than voting on candidates, ppl vote on issues that locally affects them and instead of leaders, officers are appointed that are selected (not elected) based on merit instead of influence.
Me trying so hard  to get them wrong
If you show someone an article about Trump or Bidenfor instance, and ask them what conclusion can be drawn it would be a rare person who could objectively tell you what can be concluded from that one piece of information.
Sometimes  political beliefs HAVE to trump an instance like this one you're providing in this video ,BECAUSE you have to look at the long term effects on the country as a whole and not on one issue.  VOTE TRUMP 2024
Title is deceiving, people are just book smart not street smart. Introduce a new problem they have never seen before everyone just struggles.
This is extremely insightful! It looks like there are two different kind of ''biases' in human reasoning between people who have high numeracy score vs people who are highly intuitive.
9:29 how did Maratha reservation really from Maharashtra India shown here?
Lost me when you tried to imply that there exist any republicans that could be considered any level of smart
Me and my dad talked about confirmation bias just the other day, that’s what I see in this video.
yeah me watching this in europe
when i realised he was talking about politics i got mad coz i know he's rooting for democrats
OK this is both-sides-ism, but packaged differently. Of course bias plays a role in every person's life, but this test does not show the ability of those people to assess what is right or what is wrong or what is good or bad.
bruh they are not using math
This video is one of those that everyone should watch. Magnificent work
Luckily my job involves alot of quantitative reasoning, so I'm safe
Questions like this are bread and butter for me but that's because I'm a nerd that used to participate in math Olympiads. I would be very interested to see how you got the "numeracy" value for participants because this was glossed over. I can tell you for a fact that people with exceptional numeracy will not be fooled by this question but these people are outliers.
7:05 Democrats still got it right 20% more of the times than conservatives tho.
Better and worse are highly subjective so the table told me nothing useful.
Clickbait. It's clear that the people in the video are, in fact, doubting the very premise of the experiment, not failing to divide.  The skin cream trial appears well controlled, while common sense dictate that the crime rates cannot possibly be -- the many confounding factors are obvious to everybody.  A smart person realizes this experiment is too crude to be meaningful and sensibly falls back on their existing knowledge. The ability to detect and reject unsubstantiated data is a sign of critical thinking, not bad math.
Before continuing with the video, my answer is there's not enough trials to say there is a definite answer. Lets see how I do
The analysis of the study is very flawed. More important than gun control being political is the fact that it is real. People already have knowledge about the matter. If their analysis of the fake data conflicts with their existing knowledge, they may believe their analysis to be wrong. In the interviews you showed, people were invoking ideas like confounding variables and plausible mechanisms. They were equipped to perform a higher level analysis of the data, but the study was in effect testing if people could disregard their existing, more comprehensive, more trustworthy knowledge in favor of only using the fake data.
@veritasium Did the study include people that answered "apolitical" or something else? Can you please present/discuss that dataset? I think it'll be interesting to know the whole picture rather than the 2 "opposing" majorities.
Not having weighted tables makes me upset
A nonpolitical issue can be considered context free, while a political issue will have to will have to confront pre-existing prior belief and knowledge so can only update bayesianly.
Solo estoy esperando el doblaje en español de esta Joya de video
I would question the political affiliation of those conducting the survey before trusting the survey. Political bias also affects survey results. People will fudge the numbers to make them say what they want by using inappropriate testing methods and analysis.
I think the trickiest thing in all of this is the broad lack of trust between different political sides. If you show me a study that goes against my preconceived opinions, I'm fairly likely to be reflexively skeptical about that study - for all I know, the methodology is flawed, or the data wasn't analyzed correctly. But I don't care enough, and I don't have the time to do a deep dive into every such study. I don't have the ability to perform large-scale meta-analyses to figure out what the overall pattern is. I've got a rough understanding of statistics, but not enough to be able to really critique these sorts of studies. So, I can't take your word for it since you might be wrong, or lying to me, and I don't have the time to investigate it myself. So, I just keep my previous opinion and continue on with life.  We all say that we'd accept incontrovertible proof that we're wrong. I do think that's true for most people, it's just that most evidence isn't incontrovertible. Most evidence can be easily doubted or dismissed, and it's much easier to do that than it is to do a deep dive and investigate the whole thing for yourself.
Also, where did you find conservative republicans with high numeracy score? They don't exist 😊
AI without human emotion is the solution. Human reverse rationalized their bias. Most so called reasoning is really reverse rationalization. Finding all kind excuses or reasoning for their primitive feeling is the "reasoning". Only AI can reach correct conclusion without prejudice. XAI760K will promoted this
We have to be careful of the "evidence".  Statistics, like everything else, can be manipulated. The propaganda media and information make things much much worse.
It's like saying, "I know that I may be wrong & I believe that I know it all..." 🙃
Is it crazy that I had an intuition this video was about politics from the moment the chart came out.
Caveat. This was conducted in a democratic country. Results may have been very different in a dictatorship / non democratic country.
I don't buy the premise. I immediately looked at the data as not being properly normalized. What ever the numeracy test was testing for it wasn't actually what numeracy was described as in this video.  When it gets to the gun stuff. A count of cities where things improved or worsened is such a bad metric and flawed model that any conclusion from the data is an insult to science.
I don't care whether this episode is well researched or not,  I like the message.
Crazy for any of us to think that the people on either political side are too stupid hear our reasoning or our evidence. When it comes to politics, especially with how polarized we are, we read everything with our personal bias regardless of our intelligence. Like with the Gun Control example, we let our bias inform the evidence, not the evidence inform our opinion. And like this example showed, the more intelligent you are, the less likely you are willing to let some random study convince you to change your mind. So, it is totally possible that when you debate someone with polar opposite beliefs the reason you can't convince them isn't because they aren't intelligent, but because they are. And that's not to make them right, but that's to give us perspective on the person we may be dealing with and not be so quick to label them stupid.  edit: grammatical edit
So people with political views shouldn’t do science.
Explicit depoliticization as ultimate goal.  50 IQ: that’s not political 100 IQ: everything is political 150 IQ: that’s not political  Strive for the “unachievable” of unbiased or unpolitical by explicitly aiming for Less Biased and Less Political.  Anything that can be taken out of politics should be defended from political parties and influence. Science chief among it. It should be taboo to politicize a topic. Only extremely political and explicitly policy oriented topics should be political.  Intentional Naïveté if you wish.  You wouldn’t accept a political discussion when it came time for doctors to make your mother’s cancer diagnosis. But this study shows that if diagnosing cancer became political, doctors would be MUCH WORSE at it. Carry that forward to every thing requiring skill and numeracy in this world.  We cannot legislate our way out of this dilemma. Only cultural change can do it.
I got the question right.  I think its silly as hell to get it wrong.  Proportional math is literally kindergarten and first grade..
good guys wouldnt lose their guns with gun control, only the bad ones do
The gun control example was not the same as the cream example, the experiment (cream, gun control) and control groups (no cream, guns legal) swapped numbers/placements on the chart. It is misleading that the crossed out item is in the same place, but across the 2 questions the crossed out item is not the control group in both cases. Was this taken into account when looking at the responses from people on the street?
thats a really important video to be released in these times… but i ask myself if it was, purposely, so straight to the facts and rational, that people will end up forgetting to apply the fundamental message
This is why you never vote with your heart, vote with your brain. Ignore your feelings and make logical choices. Which candidate is likely to make life easier for you and your family?
It's easier to argue yourself into a BS argument if you're intelligent. You'll find much more convincing reasons why you're going against the numerically correct solution.
There is no such thing as an "illegal gun" in the United States, according to the 2nd amendment (and regardless of any competing "law"), which might explain why the crime question wasn't answerable for the conservative crowd. The question itself doesn't compute.
Correct answer: ✨Correlation ≠ causation✨
Brilliant video 👏🏻👏🏻just wow
Prof. Daniel Kahnman was the man who "discovered" this behaviour long ago with his research colleagues (got a nobel prize as a result) RIP. Just read his famous book which has so many more examples and suggestions how to be more aware and tackle self bias (and noise!): Think Fast and Slow. A must read!
I so dislike people who are answering in such a way as to make them sound intelligent... the insecurity in them is quite funny. Edit: I'm talking about the guy at 8:37.
So republicans are objectively stupid?
Now repeat the study but with actual data instead of fabricated numbers.
So what you're saying is, a lot of people are shortsighted enough to stop using logic when a subject is political? Yeah that sounds about right.
i thought the problem was how much time people have to answer but it really was politics all this time.
Me purposefully getting it wrong to be smart
It's all about the right way to visualize the data. If you show people a CONFUSION matrix for a problem that cannot be analysed or visualize through a confusion matrix, well, you will just create confusion 😂. When I see that matrix I want to calculate F1-score, precision, accuracy, recall etc. But it does not apply here because the person that did not get a cream is not a true negative of getting the cream group. If instead you showed a bar plot with the percentages how many do you think  would have got it right? I tell you, EVERYONE. This is just a poor visualization of the results.
What I would have liked to see was the "Numeracy score" graph distribution applied to the subset taken in exam. Even in the "entire sample" graph no actual number is shown; the entire sample could consist of like 200 people, divided into 4 subsets, a single "bucket" of Numeracy score could consist of just 2-3 people, just a single one missing the question could highly deviate the distribution. Different distribution across the subsets are inevitable, which make them completely incomparable between each other.
The political question behind it (the gun control case) can not be answered on the basis of this data. This is not a question of simple statistic and this can not observed in a laboratory or with a placebo group. It is a real life problem and kind of complicated. There is no simple right and wrong. So the people tend to answer the question in a more sophisticated way, instead of pointing out the math behind it. One correct answer in my opinion is to differentiate beetween the math and the real life problem. I would pointing out the math solution independent from the topic, because for the math it is absolute meaningless. And then answer to the political question and why this can not be answered. And I guess some people exactly did this ^^ But what me shocked is that so many people belived a guy with a paper in his hand about this numbers 😂😂, this is the true realization for me. And this is the real problem! My advise: do not belive anything or anyone without a proper research
I should probably look into the details of the study because something here doesn't pass the smell test. If the study was conducted exactly how it was presented here, then I don't think you can jump to the conclusion that people are less rational, or more likely to reason incorrectly, when it comes to their political views. It seems that at the very most, you could only conjecture that people are more skeptical when their political beliefs are challenged. It looks like the participants' reasoning with numbers hasn't changed, but instead that they doubt the very numbers themselves.  The skin cream study is both low stakes and obscure. The participants most likely don't care about that particular skin cream, nor do they know anything about skin studies. On the other hand, their political views are very high stakes to them, and most likely, they've thought about these political issues before. So rather than immediately jump ship because some random stranger on the street showed them a picture, it makes sense that the participants will be skeptical.  But, if the study was conducted differently than how it was presented here, for example, if the data was given to the participants from sources/processes that they trusted, then perhaps I'd be more inclined to believe this result.  I will say, though, that perhaps the whole point of the study was to show that people will rapidly jump to the defense of a political belief without fully understanding the challenge. Like, if you were presented with data that countered your politics, the best answer would be to say "assuming that this data is accurate, ...." and then give the numerically correct answer. So maybe the study was to demonstrate that people don't do that but instead immediately vocalize mistrust in the result.  PS: One last comment I'll make. I didn't get this from the video, but I wonder if in the political question, participants just skipped the numerical reasoning completely as opposed to doing the reasoning but rejecting the result due to skepticism of the data. If so, that could demonstrate that they expect to be trapped in the interview, or that they are confident that they already know the answer despite whatever could be presented, or maybe even that they have a messiah complex and feel the need to preach their politics. There are still many explanations that are different than people don't think rationally when it comes to political *data*.
Politics is about someone interest above someone else's. Non-loaded question is completely different than political one. "But acshually, data says.. 🤓" IM OK WITH THAT, NOT MY F PROBLEM.
3:39 In the "reversed" case, were the numbers reversed or were the titles at the top? Because improvement sitting on the right side feels messed up, can't see proportions this way... and I suspect that I'm not alone with this and this might actually explain some of the results that I guess you're about to say..
Still seemed like republicans got it wrong more where the split in data even?
When it comes to politics, we are all delulu
From the video it looked like the cream groups are supposed to be the same size, so when the numbers don't add up, it's easy to assume that there is a group of people not in the table for whom it neither improved nor worsened. In which case the cream did both - it made it both better and worse 🤓
I think "crime improved" is a pretty easy to misunderstand wording here. Increase/decrease like in the charts is much better.
When asking the question you never clarified how many people were in each group
I’d like to see Derek use his platform to fund a program to address the Replication Crisis he admits is a thing. People are getting information about topics from increasingly corrupt media sources, this would be a good use of resources.
4:20 "Specifically, politics" ...and that's where I click off 💀
As Richard Feynman said, "the first principle is that you do not fool yourself. And you are the easiest person to fool."
I dont care about politics What am i
I feel like the way the question is phrased makes a big difference. If you showed me some numbers and asked "Does this prove that gun control increases crime" I would say no regardless of what the numbers were, with the justification that there are outside studies that prove it doesn't, or that correlation doesn't necessarily imply causation. If the question was more like "If you only saw these numbers and had no other information, would the numbers imply that gun control increases crime" then I'd say yes. It needs to be phrased in a way that says you're not allowed to use any outside knowledge and can only use the numbers on the paper for people to base their answer only on the numbers on the paper.
"Avoid buzz words like climate change" Oh so treat them like toddlers who can't deal with reality?
my belief in these types of problems is "don't trust any statistic you didn't fake yourself", just look at the numbers, don't question the person who bought 5000 bananas in math books, don't question this
I don't doubt the overall conclusion, but to offer a complication, I would argue that at least some examples included, like the primary gun control one, do present far more room than a skin cream study for lack of controls.   It's fundamentally closer to an  observational study than an experimental study, and a far, far more complex situation. So there IS potentially valid reason to interrogate such results more skeptically than the cream study's, separate from any motivated reasoning.  Again, not trying to doubt the conclusion overall, but if the question posed was "based on these numbers, does this study show that gun control reduce crime?", i think the more correct answer is "it depends how well the study accounted for other factors." So I would tend to think that /some/ of the effect can be interpreted as people skewing towards warranted skepticism that does reflect their current beliefs.
Do you know, what this data "Dan Kahans TEDx-Talk" [07:55]  really shows?  However good a person is with numbers, Conservative Republicans are more likely to make the wrong decisions in life.  Having all the data but still making the wrong decision or having all the data and shosing to ignore them so that it does not stand their wrong decision in the way, is the definition of stupidity.
I try my best to be as unbiased as possible, even though I know it’s nearly impossible. I’m extremely logical though, dam near to a fault if I’m being honest lol. If the logic doesn’t apply across the board I have a difficult time accepting it and I hate double standards.   With that being said, what extremely bothers me about our current climate is all the “data” and “studies” seem to be extremely biased or flat out rigged to get the partisan results they’re seeking. Like the gun study they used, you will see contradicting studies where one left out certain criteria so the results would go the way they want and the other side will do the same. It seems nearly impossible to just get the straight up facts of the matter. Seems like that’s with everything as well, whether it’s about food, medicine or whatever, there’s some driving factor skewing the results to benefit someone.   So I’ve resulted to no longer trust the numbers alone, you almost have to go back to using good ol common sense and people really hate that lol. It’s always like “well the studies show grass is actually orange, are you saying you’re smarter than (insert whoever)” and it’s wild cause you can clearly see with your own eyes the grass is in fact green lol. Just a stupid example but I’m sure you understand what I’m saying, hopefully, although a whole lot of ppl seem to be really disingenuous and/or dumb nowadays.   I feel like we are getting so polarized as a country that we can no longer trust our media, journalist, colleges, professionals, institutions, etc. to give us the truth anymore. Then you’re left questioning whether they were ever giving the truth to begin with lol. It’s all by design too, keep us fighting with our “facts” lol
Not everyone has the precepts for the type of thinking that reduces polarization. One good way of finding out is, from what I've experienced, if people have Bayesian thinking models or Bayesian-adjacent thinking models. Updating your framework and its substructures as you learn and understand more about reality is how I thought everyone's brain was like for the longest time... but boy did I get a big kick back in the face when I figured out that it's more uncommon to think like that.
The first thing that struck me wasn't only that rash worsened was proportionally better in people who didn't use the cream, but that the total number of participants in the two groups is vastly different, 200% difference. that allowed me to conclude that either no effect. or that it worsened it.
@9:10 Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeee-it
so did you just sum up a TED Talk???
This should be taught in schools!
mind opening videos as always, kurzgesagt (i probably butchered the name) came to a very similar conclusion in its "social media" centered video. This should not come by surprise but it's still kind of sad... but at least it makes us aware that people tend to want to be accepted and part of a group, which is also probably the same thing that allowed us to thrive. This is such a grey area of how the social aspect of society works, I wonder where is the balance between being segregated and beng fully invested in a centralized thinking
Interesting video but I have one major criticism. Most republicans and conservatives believe in gun ownership as a matter of principle. For them it’s a symbol of freedom and the constitution. So the assumption in the video that republicans would change their minds if the data showed that crime rates would decrease with gun control is likely wrong. Republicans would not change their minds because owning arms plays a key part in their political and national identity. Just because there are more crimes with guns is NOT a reason for abandoning guns. For example, car crashes and falling down the stairs are the number one causes of death in the world (other than heart attacks) but that doesn’t mean we are going to ban driving or houses with stair cases. Life is more complicated than that. A life without risks or danger is simply not worth living.
I love how you didn't show any clips of democrats answering because they probably got immediately hostile when your 'data' flew in the face of their brainwashing.
So is this true or is this another one of those psychology things where a study is completely irreproducible?
I just learned that Elon watches Veritasium's videos
well luckily I don't care much about politics.
I am a bit disappointed to be honest. I was hoping to get a puzzle that would trick me into getting the answer wrong. I just wanted to prove myself that I would not let myself be fooled.
I've heard that 11 out of 10 people do not understand statistics at all.
I don't know why he's calling "big number" the intuitive answer... my intuition is by far to look at the percentages???
I absolutely love this video because it finally put words into what I've been noticing for years. In the creation of any belief or world view, people tend to interpret data in ways that help them. Mental Gymnastics or confirmation bias they say  But the biggest issue I've been seeing was the labeling of outgroups as monsters who are incapable of reasonable thought when the answer is that they just don't want to be ostracized by their families and neighbors.  Maybe it's because I am autistic, but I just was always curious as to why people put personal beliefs over raw numbers and data, and this video was helpful in organizing my thoughts
"you can reason a person out of a Side, when they didnt use reason to get there in the first place." - Asmongold.
Confirmation bias also plays a part in every aspect of life especially within the online world
"Just take actions based on the data." The problem is knowing which data is good and which isn't. It's getting increasingly harder to find out whether research is done neutrally or not. A good example of this is hormone therapy. People that are for it will cite research that shows it improves trans people's lives, people that are against it will cite research that shows the opposite. Which is true? Who knows... When research is politically-oriented, it stops being so clear.
Wait I got the first one right, am I dumb?
I know of a question that people better at math tend to get wrong more often than people not good at math: Cover all but the top two numbers.  Now call out the sum.  Uncover the next number and call out the new sum.  Continue to do this for all of the numbers.  Do this and get your total before reading on.     1000     40 1000     30 1000     20 1000    10    Now add the numbers with a calculator.   Do your numbers match?   Most people get the answer wrong when doing the summing one at a time out loud.    In my experience, people who are more comfortable with numbers do it quickly with confidence and get the wrong answer.   People not as comfortable with math go slower and more carefully and get it right.  I don't know if this will work as well when you have been forewarned that most people get this wrong.  If you print the numbers on a card and do it for people without explanation I think you will find that most get the sum wrong.
The title of the video is very misleading. That might work that way in the US but I doubt the rest of the world would show those results, it's not a very meaningful study.
gladly im dumb)
That helps explain what's going on with Nature magazine
Interesting to see how many people cannot deal with a hypothetical.
Finished the video and went straight to the comments. Just wanted to see how people would completely disregard the point of the video and argue the invalidity of the fake skin cream studies and why the actual numeracy study is wrong. I'm not disappointed or surprised.
Humans don't like change, we don't like anything that threatens our worldview. Because on a subconscious level, the things we knew to be true growing up were things critical to our survival. So when presented with new information or a contradiction, we're hesitant to accept it because we don't know how it will affect our survival going forward.
This study proved nothing as it only included Americans
being slightly above average is the worst thing you can be
I feel I have good numeracy. But I also have a strong skepticism when viewing statistics or even most other information. Basically, my trust has been eroded to a raw nerve.
Brilliant video.
I got the first question right. I'm dumb i guess
Being smart means thinking farther than 1st order thinking.  1:03 "top number is bigger" is not an example of smart.
Awesome video as always
Personally I love proportional rationality, but my god kill me before I have to use the imperial system
I got it right, am I retarded
People labeled as "not intelligent" may be more likely to listen than speak their beliefs. People labeled as "intelligent" are more likely to say what they think than listen to others.
I never thought of affiliation with a political party being due to influences from others. This turns it into a whole different issue than I thought it was before
While I'm generally sympathetic to the study's findings, I think a lot of nuances weren't fully accounted for and that there's an outside chance it could be indirectly picking up known cognitive biases. A plausible reading of the results is that people are more prone to known cognitive biases when emotionally charged or personally affected. This is one of the things I'd like to see follow up studies improve on.
Even smarter people get the joke in the title.
I've maintained for many years, governments are made up of people who are mostly bad-actors. While they might be self interested, this alone isn't a bad thing. the problem is when these self-interested people live in a way that is completely segregated from their constituency. when they can be bought off, courted by special interest groups who have exclusive access to them, or are strongarmed into signing certain policies but not others. The monopoly on violence that allows a select minority of very irrational, uneducated, uncurious, sociopathic people, who don't even blink when you tell them how many children were killed by a drone strike, picking the winners and losers.  At that point, it doesn't matter what people are voting for or how they decide to vote. The decisions are entirely meaningless when a blood-thirsty barbarian in a suit and tie decides to throw all our money into a big pit and light it on fire, then throw thousands of children into that pit. the insanity of the system being illustrated in this way seems exaggerated, but that's exactly what's happening.  Government behaving in a rational way, that results in maximizing good outcomes for the maximal number of people is just never going to happen. People are good to each other, and create good outcomes for themselves and eachother DESPITE the government, not because of it.  What's the correct answer? Republican or Democrat? The false binary is revealed. And I'm not talking about some kind of compromise either.  Do you want rectal cancer or mouth cancer? the correct answer isn't "a bit of both", that's insane.  the correct answer is you do everything you can to eliminate cancer of all kinds. Poison it, cut it out, burn it, irradiate it, and always remain vigilant to stop it early any time it appears.  We can talk about "crime" statistics until we're blue in the face, but if you ignore the savagery and carnage committed by The State itself, no meaningful conversation can be had. The State itself is the biggest perpetrator of ALL kinds of crimes, including rape, murder, slavery, theft, fraud, false imprisonment, etc.
I don't know to what extent it was deliberate, but Wylie's shirt color choice seems pretty appropriate for the different kinds of people he was speaking to. I suppose people are less willing to talk if you look like you're not one of them.
Fascinating, Smart as I am I'd knee jerk to a political answer too, lol
Well thanks. That was... terrifying.
That's just a bad study why are the groups un even?
These are the topics we need to be teaching kids in school. Not what politics are right or wrong or what religion is good or bad or who should be called this or that. Rational thought process, critical thinking, how to use the scientific process in everyday life. To many people accept what they see and hear if it agrees with there ideals or comes from someone they identify as part of their tribe. Confirmation bias is a disease. If you want this problem to get better, stop pushing political/religious bias and instead push scientific principles to create an informed rational society. I hope Veritasium and other science communicators make more videos like this. Use this video as a tool for teaching.
Got to say, this is not my favorite video....lol...seems dumb. ❤😂 Still love the channel though.
this is not "only" about politics. talk to a new age Hippie about esoterics and Homeopathic medicine.  they will defend it to their death even when presented with 100% evidence.
For skin rash, this  "probability to get better or to get worse" makes sense. for crime rate - it does not. It is a data manipulation.  In left column - there are 100 people saved by gun control. In right column - there are 50 people killed because of it. so, overall if you sum all cities, you net 50 people saved. But you claim it is worse because... proportion.   And the other way around for opposite signs. You just have to count total amount of crimes. i.e. a sum. Not proportion of deltas.
10:44 Avoiding partisan rhetoric is quite possibly one of those ideas that looks good at a glance but has the dreaded unintended consequences. To my mind, unless we can all be blunt enough to call a spade a spade, the seemingly warm hearted idea of having a different book of nice & cuddly words for each person we meet so as not to offend them, leads us round the bend. As witnessed nowadays, it sets us down an increasingly tortuous path as even our most well intentioned terms inadvertently upset someone.  Why waste time word-wrangling? Change the societal norm, not the noun!  Yes it's not easy, but we're not children! Children who can be palmed off a few times with a nicer name for sthg until even they can see through it and as a result, could hardly be blamed for "villainising" the grown ups to boot.  To end; I feel compelled to express my horror at being confronted in the final thirty seconds with our genial host's unflinching introduction to sthg the sponsor offers and calls the  Personal news bias dashboard. The avowed intent of the company's excellent~sounding idea is to give balance to your newsfeed's political bent, presumably to just get to the facts of the story. The dashboard however has a distinct whiff of group think about it. Especially the blind spot and bias tracking facet "so that you can identify _and correct them_ "   What nightmare is this‽ The antithesis of the as unbiased as feasible newsfeed! I'm Left certain it's Right to avoid that one and keep to the Centre of the road.
For that show people are not smart, that is the number we have to check !!
The person arguing with you is just as smart as you statistically
I think Im pretty open, but I will definetly need more evidence for statements that I dont agree with on the start. Therefore Im definetly open to disinformation, if I can easyly fit it into my existing views, political or otherwise. But if I get presentet sufficiant and concrete evidence Ill also change my mind. For political statments that much harder though, as every topic has a lot of faccets that weigh in differently for individuals. For example mirgration here in Germany has a habit of fostering subcultures in some cities while expanding intercultural relationships in others. The is most certainly crime commited by migrants that is not usually done by other citizens, but most migrants are not guilty of these crimes. Some migrants with high qualifications will recieve coveted positions, but most of them are in less desirable lines of works. So on any of these you might have one view or the other and both are in a way correct and that at the same time. So you can definetly cherry pick to suit your views, cause the argument as a whole is decided by the value given to each aspect of it. Knowing this it might be neigh impossible to actually have a large group of diverse people agree on stuff, but I think that we can at least always make an effort to at least smooth out the curves and get everyone not to agree, but to respect each others views and try to understand where they are coming from.
5:48 Then why don't we see people in rural areas, who are usually armed at higher rates than city dwellers, shooting each other? Or everywhere 100 years ago? US citizens have always had lots of guns, but crimes committed with guns and violent crime in general only spiked several decades ago. It's because the problem is with PEOPLE, not guns. People don't become murderous monsters just because you hand them guns.
So in conclusion, people are more likely to look at the world according to their beliefs, often missing or twisting the narrative to match their thinking subconsciously.
Good video. Polarization is stinky
Yeah, anyone that had more than a 3rd grade education answered this one right. Tells you a lot about 'muricans though.
any sort of belief system tends to lead towards a more controllable/complacent population.... how many times has history shown us this lmao. nothing new.
So the title should rather be that believes influence your decision making more than intelligence/numeracy
The only issue i have eith tbis video, is that you when you showed the Democrats the study that showed gun control didnt lower crime, their score and accuracy went down, but i think theres another part to this that when showed false information (in real life, we all know gun control DOES lower gun crime), the Democrats were less open to being lied to is how I see.  And with all that weve seen in the last 8 years, its very obvious which party believes blindly....
I can see how the topic of the question can change the conclusion. Skin Cream is a topic where people aren't really interested and, let's say, "in the know". So when you present a question about skin cream, people can't really help but consider only the given facts. But on political topics, most people have "done their research" (and I don't mean they have spent countless hours digging through studies, making correlations and causations, etc., I just mean they've absorbed content on the topic through one means or another). And when you ask the question about guns and crime, then they immediately start to insert their own knowledge into the question and expanding the parameters beyond the original scope. It's absolutely no wonder that people throw out rationality on political topics.
Ok, yess! In 9:23 you are getting the right conslusion but based on a wrong premise. Congratulations, you have just discovered brain washing!
Alternative title: On these questions, Americans do worse than Europeans.
When you gave people the chart saying 'Crime improved' and 'Crime Worsened'; They both can be misinterpreted. It should've said 'Crime increased' and 'Crime decreased'.
I must be clinically stupid because I didn't even understand the question
I applaud Veritasium for not doing any politics on what he believes and just purely asking and doing his best to make both sides as equal as possible. Good lad
Yet another reason why politics sucks
befote watching the video: being bad at a test does never mean, you are smart. It just means,you are bad in that topic. Beimg good at a test, doesnt mean you are smart either. It just means,you are good at that topic.
Thank you for making this video. So much deep truth here. More than partisanship, we need wisdom. Wisdom is "knowing how things really happen, knowing how things really are, and knowing what to do about it." Wisdom is "is becoming competent with regard to the realities of life"
If intelligence was so important more people would have it
I think a big part of being asked by a stranger about political topics while on video is you get defensive because you don't want to "get got". If I independently attained the same info I think it would be easier to look at it rationally.
Orange Skin Cream makes it all better
Divide and conquer
It's interesting how the margins of error (on the graphs at 11:40) for conservatives GROWS with intelligence (after the 50th percentile) but (almost) consistently SHRINKS with liberals. It's almost as if conservatives become LESS "conservative" (close-minded) and liberals become LESS "liberal" (open-minded) as each becomes more "intelligent"...
As a salesman, I’m pretty happy with this video :) I can apply this to every customer to make them feel like they’re always right!
Cognitive dissonance in action: ask a dem if they can tolerate intolerance. Stand by for smoke.
Átila Iamarindo did a video about exactly this study 2 years ago for the presidential election in Brazil. That election had basically the same problems of this US election is having.
Also I think the question you ask those people is fundamentally flawed. 'If you encountered evidence on a political issue' there is no such thing as politics in logical reasoning. This reasoning was brought up while everyone was a free thinker. In general the individuals that succomb to politics are flawed, aka npcs.
The "Sample size" are different, the lower is less than half the size. If you double those numbers, the first, ie "improved" are similar while the "got worse" is close to halve for the lower group, Showing no real difference in improvements between the groups but less damage by doing nothing. Alternately, if the sample sizes were similar, how many in both groups had " No change "?
“The number is bigger” - but there were more people in the experimental group, of course the number is bigger lmao
AI is only hope for correcting human tribal bias.
"Liberal" is the wrong word to describe left wingers. They are not liberal in the sense they are against every kind of liberty. They want to control guns, speech, the way people fight to their rights, and so on
Im innumerate, I can spell that word but I cant tell you have many letters are in it...
Not sure, if I'm reading this right. At 5:40 left side: If there was gun legislations then crime increased 3 times, while without it increased 5 times (for the right side switch increased /decreased).  It is weird, because looking at it by proportions would indicate a better outcome for more legislation, but looking at the numbers it seems worse because there is more crime happening anyway. <- the whole point of the video.   Such experiments would need to have real experimental data, where they switch legislations few years down the lane, or look at similar states and put different laws in place and see how it develops. Few years back there has been that post of twins going on meat and vegan diets and how they changed. To see real results those test would need to be replicated to find some conclusions <- yes, not the point of the video.
"Professing to be wise, they became fools"  - St. Paul
My hypothesis is that smart people will gradually research the data until it extremely supports their view or the opposite. Even in the beginning smarter people are more subjective.
There are many instances, more than you think where certain brain thought structures do way better on those tasks than "more intelligent" ones.
LMAO it's the brainrot quiz
I really did not expect that correlation between actively open-minded thinking and polarizattion really surprised me. Is the actively open-minded thinking evaluated with a skill test or self-evaluation?
so its basically like subconscious bias that all humans have....which interferes with the ability to  resolve a problem properly according to their numeracy...thats good to know
I'm sorry to say that, but this time, I didn't understand the video.  The first example with cream was perfectly clear and so was the conclusion.  But the graphs of the Ted's conference confused me. There was 2 lines and not 4. And it should have been a bunch of pointsand not continuous lines.  To be perfectly honest, I'm absolutely not convinced by the Ted's conferences, that seems more to me like a sect for rich people willing to look like intellectual ...  Sometimes there are speakers who really talks absolut non-sense or at least poor topics ...
LOL.  Veritasium thinks a self driving car is the same as auto-landing by a commercial airliner.  It ISN'T.
The fact that scientific literacy seems to decrease scientific curiosity is perhaps the biggest failure of our education system
9:52, the threat is real, in many places very real. I have seen different, but looking back, I never broadcasted myself, never argued, questioned the beliefs of people individually, and never felt apart of a tribe to begin with. Maybe that last one is more important. I'm already outside of the box
as a republican... I'm interested to see how many republicans here are gonna get butt hurt that the "red line" in many of the graphs was put below the "blue line" GG Derek, GG.
6:36 This is peak stupidity, people like this guy would look at any statistic and twist it his way regardless of what the numbers say lmao
There is intelligence and then there is emotional intelligence, or being able to manage your own emotional responses and understand the emotions of others, as your emotions are 5 or more times stronger than your logic, especially when having your world view challenged.
Another way to think about this problem is as you can see there experimental (298 people), and the control (128 people) group, which we cannot compare since they aren't same number of people being tested i.e. we need ratios (that is why one of the good things about ratios is we can compare just 2 things instead of 4 and comparing 2 things with other 2 things is hard for majority)   One thing we can also do is normalize the data to extrapolate the numbers to equal them i.e. 107 * 2.084 = 223 by that logic 21 * 2.084 = 43.76 which means for the same amount of people who got their rash improved in both group we have more people who used lotion, and their rash worsened (75 lotion users worsened) and 43 (non-lotion users worsened)   we can also easily do the percentage (21/128) * 100 = 16.4% non-lotion user worsened while (75/298) * 100 = 25.16% lotion users worsened their rash.
1:21, looks like it made it worse. The percentage of improved with cream to total improved is less than the percentage that worsened with cream to those that worsened.
the real answer for the skin care "study" should have been Why are there more people in the test group than the controll group. and the anwers to that would be to fool people.
Title is incorrect. Smarter people were more politically polarised. But above numeracy level 6, correctness increased. So title is incorrect
this video is so funny because the deep meaning is that trump supporters are the ones with cognitive dissonance but hilariously the left is suffering from it so much worse. just watch Joe Rogan to see who has an open mind and who doesn't 😂
NDL
I think it's very important how you phrase the question. "Based on these numbers did gun control increase crime or decrease crime?" is very different from just showing the numbers and then asking if gun control is effective. You can agree that the data leads you to a certain conclusion but still disagree with the methods with which the data was gathered or presented.
This was such a good video and much needed. Thank you so much for making it.
This is 100% Haidt's "Elephant vs Rider" metaphor. The Elephant (our instinct/emotional reasoning) immediately goes wherever it wants, and the Rider (our intellect/factual reasoning) comes up with reasons to justify the Elephant's behavior. That's a bad (and typical) Rider. Be a good Rider; lead the Elephant instead of following it.
So with level 9 numeracy, I should be able to overcome my biases to an accuracy of ... 50%
High IQ people adopt an ideology based on their life experiences like the rest of us - they're just way better at rationalizing it but clearly the numbers and the actual problem have almost 0 impact on both sides' analysis, therefore the solution they eventually propose is divorced from and dismissive of the underlying reality lol... that's what politicians are...   This makes me think of how high IQ individuals' brains can compensate for brain damage enough to not show early signs of dementia and schizophrenia until it crashes down on them once the damage is too severe. That's how you eventually get the worst schizophrenia cases.
Please don't, don't give me hope 😭🙏🏻
To be completely honest, this seems like a poor study. From a statistics perspective, those numbers are low to show much statistical significance. I dont disagree with your hypothesis that we aren't completely rational/evidence based in our thinking. However, I certainly think the evidence you've shown here does not prove that. If you take a look at some of the clips you included, specifically 6:44, the participants are questioning the accuracy of the numbers themselves. With the very simplistic numerical results you've shown, that is certainly not an unreasonable thing to do, and from a research perspective, questioning the numbers is the rational thing to do. These people have formulated their opinions already based on their prior experiences and prior evidence they've seen, so when you present them with a very lackluster numerical chart, it's not surprising that they wouldn't be swayed. It's not that high numeracy people suddenly forget the math, it's that they see the numbers and still disagree for other reasons (This is people using their previous evidence/bias when considering new information).
More educated people don't necessarily come up with the best political solutions, they might as well make in complicated enough to not work at all.
It seems like a forced deck as far as the question is proposed as if they infinite answers. Like get a computer to do it and swear to me that the results are true it’s obviously a trick question. Give me the answer and I’ll tell you when I’m with or… or does the control group get a rash a few years later while the cream group doesn’t?! Long term study mentioned proper nomenclature and showing of the numbers isobsfucation
Sometimes the data is irrelevant when something is a right and the issue that's being debated is a symptom of a larger/different issue that isn't being addressed by either side.  My point is nuanced conversation is nearly impossible at the scale of US Federal politics which is why smaller government is easier to manage by the governed.
Oh boy, being a statistician this is a textbook exercise. I thought it was gonna be a gotcha question, but maybe not. You use categorical data analysis for the standard 2-way tables and look at proportions in the 2 populations. I thought the gotcha part of the question was the fact that the random variable seems to be rashes, and not patients. If a patient has multiple rashes and they are not standardized this may skew the analysis. For example, you may want to count how many people had improvement instead of  how many rashes improved, which changes the numbers.
I feel like at most only 20% of the population has any idea of what is actually going on and even less has the ability to explain any of it.  And of course, everyone thinks they are in that 20%.
In the first example the "smart" response was to look for the biggest number? What? Why do you do this to your videos?
Like others have said, this is more of a discussion of confirmation bias  than anything else. Or politics is more a reflection of our morality than anything else. The current election is about if you like a Bad ass disruptor or a Normal to lead the country.
This is great.
0:48 right away I’m asking why they did different nums of people for each one?  For the lower group we have 107/21 vs 223/75 w/cream. The without cream ratio is better. But maybe what needs to be looked into is just not using it for people that are allergic to it to some degree
I guess correctly and I don't know if that means I'm less intelligent or I'm just used to working with logarithms where close numbers are sometimes eons apart functionally 😅
What a wonderful world it would be if we all pursued the greater good instead of the self interest of our tribe.
Can't fault the intended message here, but it uses false equivalence as a framing. Many of these issues (e.g. climate change) are not scientifically disputed. One side IS right about it, and the other side IS wrong. We're not going to fix that by becoming more open and curious. We're going to fix it by legislating entrenched industries out of politics, because it's those industries and their political propaganda that is setting the "tribal" beliefs and preventing consensus.
Maybe because smarter people rely on their intellect. .. ..where half of the issue at hand is relyant on having just as good intuition !! ..if there is anything you need to protect..it isn't the brain and info capability.. it is the intuition ..and the connection to soul
this study highlights the dangers of heirarchy. and that intelligence mixed with deception is dangerous. making deception a regression and not an evolution.  truth has no heirarchy.  someone who can observe the truth rather than try to impose or  justify their truth, will score correctly.  transcending the emotions of kings will be hard, as kings do no concede. kings also have prophets and messiahs as weapons to impose their truth.  what happens when you reveal truth in a fashion where a large amount of people all at once cannot adapt fast enough, or if adapting is basically abandoning all their beliefs in the view of this new truth.  will we transcend into truth, or self destruct into ideology?  all AI simulations of altruism vs psychopathy show inevitability in 1 direction.  theologically speaking, apocalypse is a regional revelation that is too fast to adapt too for the local habitants. what happens when the revelation is to a fully connected world and the region is the entire play ground?
I'd already thought about something very similar to this but it's nice to see some statistics about this. Too bad most Americans won't see this video.
Get your politics out of my feed
Gun control is an emotional and political issue that goes beyond skin cream... obviously. But it also goes way beyond crime statistics.  First of all, taking away guns takes away people's ability to protect themselves. At that point you have to have faith the police will do it. And the whole concept of police has been under attack. I understand a large number of Liberals went out and bought guns when the US was in the throes of the BLM riots/protests. Their beliefs flew out the window when faced with potential violence directed towards them. Secondly, guns are a bulwark against a government turned bad. One would need faith that could never happen, despite all the instances when it has.  I could look at crime statistics, acknowledge they indicate crime is worse when guns are allowed and still say I'm not giving up my guns. And still be rational. And not because I want to fit in with my team.  V has the usual liberal sensibilities that blinds him to the fact that civilization is only a thin veneer representing the best of human nature under which lies a much darker side. May he never need guns.
I must be the a Unicorn but what I saw that complete inability to do logic and simple math's which show a complete lack of education at all levels. Double the 107 to near 223 to double 21 to 42. Then base your answer statement that 42 is less than 75 baseless to what the question is. I would love you to do it again but offer a $20 reward to a correct answer because I think some of more intelligent would pause and work it out. An incorrect answer has no skin on the line. I do agree that bias / emotion can affect choice but it's a lack of training in the education system in teaching on how to think and to recognize fallacies of thought and spoken word that is the problem.
Congrats on realizing the two-party state is nearly worse than a one-party state, because instead of most people knowing the one party is often wrong, and you have to question everything often, 2x50% think they're always right and the others are always wrong, and questioning anything is treason / giving the enemy a hand. That's also why it is especially frustrating to receive your binary world view as cultural import through media and news.
10:40 the solution is spiral dynamics development at level yellow. It’s just a question of development.
Man your videos should be watched as lessons in school
His reflection at 9:59 is so true! We're jeopardizing progress with our tribal thinking.   I've been ranting about what he says for so long now, haha
"We will believe what we believe to fit in with the tribe"  And this is why social media is a double edge sword. It provides a method to freely share beliefs, ideas, and knowledge that would have been more difficult to acquire before, but at the same time, the size of your tribe is astronomically bigger than it was prior to social media.
I would love to know if the interviewer made it absolutely clear that it is a mathematical question based solely on the presented data. Otherwise people will bring outside knowledge in.  In that case this study makes a huge assumption, namely that the presented facts are the same as conclusions derived from it. The famous people eat more icecream in summer and people get less sick in summer. So icecream is healthy and lowers illnesses. A study about gun control is not the same as a study about a skin lotion. The latter can be controlled for moderating variables and correlations, the former can't as easily.  A city that puts all criminals in prison and introduces gun control will have less crime, but is it due to gun control?  So I feel it is a bit premature to push it all onto tribalism and bias. The smarter people may simple mistrust the number for reasons outside the study. Facts are facts, but they can be presented and interpreted in many ways. So it totally makes sense that smarter people may not believe certain conclusions if the study is not about verifying that conclusion but just about gathering simple descriptive data.  To a less intelligent person a research about gun possession and gun violence may be enough. To a smarter person a causal study of the interdependence of city size, criminal numbers, ethnicities, wealth and policing approaches, gun numbers on gun violence might be enough. Surely they will stick to their prior formed opinions if the study does not address the for them relevant questions.   So this study falls into the same problem, it is useless as it has not checked the correlation or moderating effects of presenting a more elaborate study that actually addresses the complex reality of the presented data. It would be very interesting to see if the smarter people would show the same bias if they got presented a study that satisfies their expectations towards a quality study
It doesn’t feel like “worsened crime” is quite as clear cut of an outcome as “worsened rash.” The high numeracy people are probably overthinking it in a lot of cases
This is like showing people "a study on what temperature water melts/freezes" and finding that when we ask people to analyze a chart with the numbers reversed, a lot of people got confused.
In the fake gun study, the liberals were MUCH more likely (50 percent?) to select the correct option that went against their ideology. Sadly, it was still less than 50 percent at all numeracy levels.
I think another big issue is the veracity of the data we're looking at. If we're looking at data that doesn't support our views, we're much more likely to go hunting for alternative sources that will validate what we feel, whereas if the data aligns with our beliefs, we'll be more likely to take it at face value and add it to our repertoire of sources for our argument.
0:57  Yes it made it better if we weight one improvement as good as one worsening is bad. But the other group also changed... wait a minute... how did they find these individuals? What's the source of the rush again? Okay watching again now.. Okay so it's a ficticious study. I thought you were going out to find out by looking for people with rushes because if the results are true then the cream that they have been using for now was either switched to another one and 223>75 good but only 3x as good as bad while who left the creams alone ~"improved more than 5 times" compared to not using the old cream. I'm weed i dont know whats going on
I got the rash question right. Sad.
Well, what about people whose rashes didn't change at all?
big number = more rational answer ? (first question, that would mean they didn't understand the question right ? ) you're showing them a comparison of results, but you pick the biggest number, makes no sense how this would be the most ratinal answer. Now bring in politics( i don't know why) and people start debating and questioning results.. nobody questioned the skin cream numbers.
This is your brain on politics.
People (correctly) assume the data is fudged on any politically-motivated subject.
Wow this video took a turn! 😅
Ah yes politics, you got your paycheck from the dems?
its best to ascend above the tribe. And get rid of labels and accept all neighbors and people in general
I think you missed an opportunity here. Im very curious what the results would have been if you asked some other people the same gun control question but told them the data is fake (and made sure they understand that) before you asked the question.  Also, phrasing the question differently might provide a different outcome. For this 3rd section i proposed i would ask "does this particular study show gun control increases or decreases crime?" instead of "does gun control increase of decrease crime?". This should take out more of the subjectiveness, but still leave room for the more stubborn people to follow their instinct instead of the numbers.
Starve a cold? Feed a rash?
Another problem is that people can‘t agree what „good evidence“ is.
Wow, I must be dumb, I got it right away. 😂
Sometimes I really get some of those early American history quotes saying that political parties wouldn't be a good things for this very reason. I am curious if there is a potential way to assist ourselves artificially to get over our genetically bred fallacies. A way for humans to be something more than human... Granted, I hold strong Tranhumanist beliefs.
Well anyway, Trump 2024!
People who know the per capita argument, get this answer right.🤣 - Oh wait, that's another topic ;)
Hi veritasium, just a question from a like minded individual. Can you study your (and mine) symptomes? Mainly one eye is way better than the other eye. Is that just a high IQ people trait or it's just human condition? Asking for a friend with 200 iq
Based on their existing believers they just question the accuracy of the presented data
Were the studies presented as fictitious ? There is a significative difference between speaking of experimenting on creams or on a gun control. There are chemicals which improves rashes, and  chemicals which worsen them. Thus different experiments on different creams may give opposite results. A gun control policy however will have a one-sided effect in similar settings.   If you are for instance gun-friendly and believe yourself already gin control rules are ineffective because you saw some (maybe poor) litterature on it, if one shows you a new study on the subject you may be biased and mentally shortcut the analysis because if it is a realistic study you REASONABLY EXPECT to give the same result as what you believe you are informed in. You may be open to a result contradicting your beliefs and open to take it as a important " ohh.. I need to consider it very seriously " moment , but it requires an extra caution you might not have in a casual enquiry (and which you NEED to have when you are formally making a scientific study yourself, of course).
I do think there is an easyish solution to political polarization, vote for the party that doesn't want America to be divided, aka conservative, the whole thing with democrats is that they divide people to make billions and stay in power; if we go back just a few years, we weren't this divided before wokeness came along, so that need to be taught in school instead of constantly pushing propaganda.  Even if you look at shows like QI, Big bang theory, How I met your mother, Brooklyn 99, no one care if they were gay, no one was divide as to the shows themselves because they weren't pushing wokeness in them, even the gays are being cancelled like gays against groomer labelled as 'far right anti gay terrorist' which is obviously ridiculous. This whole thing is designed to be black and white and divisive, it's amazing some people think it isn't when we have literal anti white and pro black messages and space where white people aren't allowed, how can one say it's not divisive when you're literally dividing people only based on their skin color in the name of being inclusive :/
I would like to see this outside of the USA
<Tongue-in-Cheek> Yea, but Americans are delusional.  Ask people the place American's don't perceive as existing ... The Rest Of The World. ;-)
I don’t like that you’re showing so much focus on Harris-Walz, while only using red for Trump-Vance-related content. I’d expect objectivity, with equal representation for both sides, regardless of any personal opinion. That said, I love your channel and really enjoy the content you create. The topics are interesting, and I’m looking forward to the next episode about IQ. Thanks!
This video is much more important than you think. Behavioral biology is at the same time facinating and terrifying.
You have sooooo many blind spots politically. They've "revised" every job and crime number later. Also, they've changed how they classify crimes so it appears down. The FBI is full of a bunch of evil cowards.
This question or the statistics were made up and nonsensical for the gun control question.  There is math skills and there is logical thinking skills.  Gun control does not prevent guns being used in crime in a country where guns are readily available for those who do not respect the law.  These people will acquire the guns because it gives the lawbreaker a huge advantage over those who follow the law and have no guns.
9:25 the drive of belonging is not rational. Rationality involves logic and questioning not following one’s drive
Regarding the skin cream, I wouldn't say using the cream made the rash worse, as was being stated over and over. It just didn't necessarily perform as well as not using the cream (especially not proportionately within the given group numbers). Those are two very different things.
As an engineer, I automatically solved as a ratio. My professor drilled it in my head as a solution for many equations with too many variables. As a ratio you can potentially eliminate many of the unknown variables and solve for x variables with x-y unknowns.
Honestly, my answer would either be: - If all the constraints are constant (i.e. better means a constant amount of improvement in some form such as pain scores or rash sizes) the effect is likely negligible since approximately 3/4 of people improved with the cream while approximately 5/6 improved with no cream or viceversa. - if the constraints are not constant (i.e. people didn't apply a consistent amount of cream) the data collected is likely too unconstrained or unconditional to actually provide meaningful data for comparison.  Either way, you should likely just do a better test with larger equal sample sizes, and established constant definitions for categories (i.e. amount of cream applied).
not veritasium showing that the one thing that unites americans is stupidity 😢
Fantastic take!
that gun control question is interesting. I wonder how I would have faired in this.
There is a pretty glaring problem with the questions here, because the conclusions are somewhat arbitrary. Let's take the gun question for example, where crime decreasd in 223 vs 75 increased with gun control and 107 decreased vs 21 increased without gun control. The logic of the study as portrayed here is 75/223 is bigger than 21/107, so by that proportional logic crime increased with gun control. But actually, this logic is arbitrary. Because the phrasing of the study does not indicate crime increasing or decreasing by different amounts, we will assume when crime changes it does so by one. So, if crime decreases by 223 and increases by 75, that is a total decrease by 148 crimes. But if crime decreases by 107 and increases by 21, that is a decrease by only 86 total. So actually, in absolute terms, crime DECREASED with gun control. Even with skin rashes i would argue the proportional logic is somewhat arbitrary, but absolute numbers actually make a lot more sense when looking at crime statistics. Of course, we don't know the actual amount of the increases, so even this conclusion isn't solid. The fact that political leanings impact the outcomes is still interesting, but I don't see there really being a true "correct" answer.
I would guess that logic skills go out the window also when people are biased toward the democrat party!  Lol!
Timely release of the video eh! Maybe a tad bit late.
Anti-scientific way of quantifying intelligence. You're becoming more of a pseudo every day.
I think this would have been significantly more interesting if you had presented the political version of the test, so we had the opportunity to see if we would fall for it ourselves. Since you started with the skin cream you guaranteed we wouldn't fall for it.  Also, it seems a bit of odd timing to release a 'both sides are the same' video on Election Eve of an election where one side literally wants to kill, deport or internment camp a significant portion of the other side, all the while promoting a platform that glorifies scientific illiteracy.
It's just simple bias, that's why double blind studies exist
Haven't even gotten to the answer for the first question, but my reasoning is that 75 out of 223 is a larger percentage than 21 out of 107, so the cream made it worse for the rash.
one thing you need to remember is that academia has been mostly captured by the left so a majority of political topics are filled with their ideology. Gun control is actually a great example of it, Rand checked over 20 000 studies on gun control and only 127 of them didnt commit massive mistakes(like lookingUSA where most killings are done with a gun with UK/Australia where most killings are done with melee weapons and compering only gun crime) and all of those 127 studies didnt find any proof that banning guns helps(quite the opposite actually). And yet anti gunners are constantly using those flawed studies to push their ideology. Edit: And that last part of the video is exacly what im talking about, if you "follow the science" you will be extreamly far left but if you look at reality and actual science(aka not manipulated by the ideologues) you will be center-right to right
Humans are _not_ rational.  Humans are intuitive, and we have done everything we can, for 1,970 Years, to repress Wisdom and Intuition.
Interesting piece. Not to take away from the probability of ideology bias and tribal thinking. The study appears to have its own ideology bias. For example, all three studies are fatally flawed and no correct conclusions can be drawn by them. For example, the made-up skin cream study is flawed because the control group did not use a placebo cream where the users thought it would cure their rash. The made-up gun control study is flawed because it implies a number of assumptions such as the laws instantly affect results to equilibrium when it is consistent enforcement over time. This complex difference is over simplified with, the Republican v. Democrat study being flawed for numerous reasons including the Democrats, big government, belief that city laws affect a closed system instantaneously to a homogeneous group while Republican’s, small government, believe the opposite. One view, not even mentioned, is that those with higher Numeracy score may be looking at and evaluating more issues than the presented study results. Most people, believe and/or know, that most studies are bias and cherry picked and thus untrustworthy. Science has society down.
There's also the problem that if you don't specifically mention that this is entirely fictional data, it's so much easier to just say that the study is wrong, due to the fact that both outcomes can be achieved just by having a political bias.
We can't get rid of polarization, it's exactly what the parties use to get us to vote for them. It's really their only weapon.
Jarvis overlay the data with skin color as a submetric of crime. 😮
great study and great video, I was thinking exactly that in the recent weeks from talking to people on both sides about politicals issues and I'm glad that my reasoning is proven by a study... or am i deluding myself because 1 study proved my point that I wanted proven 😂
Extraordinary claims, require extraordinary evidence. Numbers are meaningless without context; so in a world that regularly looks at how gun control has worked, in the light of other controllable factors, most people you question about gun statistics specifically, is pushing up against an already massive body of disseminated study used for context.  Given this exercise in the wild, I would likely take the WOPR approach. Call the premise on being B.S. and declare the only winning model, not to play at all.
Smart people are great at developing reasons to delude themselves.
Impresive
Thank God I didn't understand this😅
Wylie Onthestreet.
Wait, are you NOT American?
Is this video trying to make a case for ai to run and control our governments? Because clearly humans can't think rationally when it comes to tribal matters. I know the answer. Bigger tribes so everyone thinks the same. (Hive mind) Or smaller tribes like individual small. Lol.     Dude didn't even realise this is about trust. People don't trust, because too many liars with personal gains. Like this video with it's editing.
Naughty naughty mr Veritasium. A very first dislike from me to you. And you know what for.
The problem of this video is that there is no relation between numeracy and politics. You ask a stupid person a political question - you get a political answer from a stupid person.
fun fact: in 2022 there were 18,000 plus armed response deployments in the UK, of those only 4 times were weapons discharged, while in the US in 2022 the police shot over 1,000 people.
Ahhh, I wished you would have started with the polarising example with gun control. As a european where they are only legal in a few exceptions, I wonder if I would have made the right decisions as I did with the skin cream.  And even more interesting would be a study of this sorts in a country with a multitude of active parties. Do they "group" in cluster? Does each party have a certain distribution? Or is it just too mixed get a scientific conclusion?
I have watched a lot of your videos, i found the dynamic background while displaying the graphs ext. very hard to focus. But always great content, thx a lot!
There's a very big difference between misinterpreting the data and being skeptical about the reliability of the data.   From what I saw of the interviews, it seemed like respondents correctly identified what the implications of the data would be, but given their existing biases, they were simply more likely to be skeptical of the way the data was collect.   Frankly given that the hypothetical survey was so simplistic and had such vague terms as "crime improved" it makes sense to question the reliability of this hypothetical survey.   Furthermore, the fact that ppl of a political affiliation were more likely to be skeptical of a survey finding that opposed their political views makes alot of sense to me when considering the idea of bayesian probabilities and how we need to update our ideas based on information we already have. It would make more sense to question the authenticity of this random survey instead of questioning your entire worldview.   Needless to say, being able to admit you're wrong is an important and often lacking skill. But that's a moot point because I don't believe it's what we're seeing in this video. The actions of most of the interviewees, given the stimuli they were provided would align with logical reasoning. They didn't misunderstand the data and get it "wrong" they understood the data but doubted its credibility when it went against their worldview.
I think that one of the main differences is in how the fictitious studies are presented. It's a lot easier to control for other variables and confounding factors in the skin care study than it is in the gun control study. I think those that have high numeracy likely put a lot of thought into their political positions, so their knowledge of these variables and factors will make them think more about what causes the results. I think a similar effect would be achieved by asking cosmetologists about the skin cream study. They have spent a lot of time in their field and probably know of variables and factors that may bias their interpretation of the results.  I think if the gun control study included statements about isolating variables, etc. it would likely have better alignment with the apolitcal study responses.
It wouldn't be so bad if people's idea of doing research was "Find a source that tells you what you already believe, and that is the truth".
i have found this specific thing to have been the primary benefit of a philosophy degree. the ability to rationally evaluate a position without bias, and where necessary abandon your own prior position in favor of another, is NOT a natural ability (or rather is very very rare) but a LEARNED ability. and while numeracy is definitely something we want to reinforce in the early education system, i believe we must also work to improve rationality. unfortunately, education is a highly political environment (both in terms of administration and curriculum) and the last thing any significantly-politicized system wants is rational thinking, it directly undermines their power. so... thats probably never going to happen, and i can only imagine this will continue to get worse with time.
that's clickbait. they still do better, but just less so on political issues.
I've always thought that being objective and scientific is always difficult.. that even if I think I'm rational I would never pay attention to when I'm being rational or not this video gave me some new insights on how to fight that! thank you for the message
In the gun control scenario, unlike the neutral scenario, a very saliant self identity is primed. This overrides, as it often does, our common sense. Takeaway; humans are very biased, and will fit data to a preferred narrative, even if it's clearly conflicting with said narrative: cognitive dissonance.
I notice that very often, an opposition is just a kneejerk reaction for the sake of disagreeing. Could have said the opposite and the same person would still disagree anyway. And after that start thinking about reasons why.
Didn't enjoy this video. I am half german.... Logic over everything else. I get your point in the video but it is a bit meh
with question 1 i thought about proportions, but calculated it wrong. now am i smart or dumb, cause i feel dumb
7:50 "illegal crime... I think."
I think you're pretty far behind the time to delude yourself into thinking people would change their mind based on facts.  I mean, the main guy of one party is nakedly unabashedly open about not considering any facts that go against him.  Everything is "rigged", remember?  I think it's a disservice to classify the post-truth right wing populism as even bothering to put up the facade of deliberate rationalism.  They very openly do not care about facts.  It is, in fact, one of their "strengths" as they see it, that objective reality doesn't matter.  (Or rather, it is hopelessly inaccessible since all our institutions that produce experts have been infiltrated/corrupted/taken over, and therefore only the will of a powerful leader can give us any hope to *impose* a "truth" on everyone else.)
This simply shows how selfish emotions make us irrational.
I thought that there were the same amount of people in cream and no-cream groups. Then cream group would be 223-75 = 148 overall better and no cream 107-21 = 86 overall better. Meaning no-cream group had more people with no effect. Still the rash got better with the cream.
What schools are you graduating from??? I have 10 people with me right now and they all responded in two ways. First, the way you asked for an answer: the rash got worse, when you replaced the statistics, it got better. The second is philosophical: both in the first and in the second example it got worse. "RASH" has improved: it was 5cm, now it is 10cm. The rash has improved, but that doesn't mean it's better. RASH worsened: it itched a little, now it got worse it itches a lot.
Data itself tends to be extremely subjective.  Where does it come from?  How is it collected?  Who is collecting it?  How is it defined?  A lot of biased people use biased data and then claim to have "objective, data-driven" results based on "facts".  If results are based on data, that doesn't guarantee the results are objective, because the data itself is usually highly subjective.  There is major self-selection bias, especially in politics.  If a politician with a specific platform is honest about data that refutes their claims, they will fail and be replaced by someone who is less intellectually honest.  When listening to any data-driven study, we should beware of the incentives of the people reporting the results.
I don't know...  I suspect that people are bringing stats in they previously researched. Not answering the question with the information provided.  If you know green, red, blue yellow, and someone tests you on colors but they change the colors or they state any red is red, yellow and blue is green even if there is not green. I imagine the same type of issue would occur. If 90% is blue 10% red you might still say blue against the rules of the quiz. Bad example but same... Concept...   Seems like an amazing thing to study.
No offense, but your ad read is wrong on the conclusion. While true, the left sources were using FBI data, the right sources were using the DOJ to illustrate the incorrectness of the FBI report due to methodology. In fact, the FBI just recently revised its own report upwards, completely negating the left-argument, in that the FBI number now reflect an increase in crime. To simply say the disagreement was in which sources were being used is oversimplifying and worse, leans towards relative  equivalency of the arguments on merit.... which gives too much grace to the left side's argument and not enough (data-wise) to the right's. I love Ground News.... so im glad you're being sponsored by them, but measurable facts have no moral equivalence. You either are representing them correctly, or not. Lies.... Damned Lies.... Statistics....  Did the FBI report have crime going down? Yes. But rather than seeing that as an outlier, people used it to tell a political narrative.  Then, that narrative was exposed when the data was revised to show an actual increase in crime. There appears to have been no one on the left willing to counter a statistical anomaly.... because that anomally matched their political message. Similar to the topic of your video.... so i find it interesting enough to point out.
This is the best way to call someone stupide 😂😂😂😂
Not only did you trigger both political parties, but you seemed to have triggered everyone who considers themselves smart lol
The plot twist here is insane
causation vs correlation fallacy
The reason might be not just tribal thinking, but the fact that people have stronger opinions about familiar things. I wonder if this was tested in the study, e.g. by asking things from professional fields. Software developers, for example, are extremely polarized on tabs vs. spaces for indentations.
My response to the Cream trial was that the design is terrible, people knew if they were or were not applying the cream.  What happened to double blind trials.
Honestly, Derek’s an og for keeping our mind off this crazy election year.
So to take numbers at face value and eliminate personal biases and/or bigotry, people must not know what it is that they’re judging?
So that's the key!  We trick the idiots in the red hats by using simple, non-scientific terms that won't trigger their little brains and we get them to work with us to solve the world's problems.  I like it!
My first impulse was to look at the wrong 2 numbers, then i checked my reasoning before deciding and immidiatly seen the problem. Its more a question of why we are drawn to compare the two sets without comparing the actual ratio within the set.. I think the biggest trick of the question is it does not include an obvious sample size statement so people just at first assume is an equal sample without thinking about it.
This heavily increases my impression that every opinion is not only valid, but rational. People's political opinions are generally deterministic. Today's world is a result of balancing back and forth between left and right. Where you think the sweet spot is relative to today is very dependent on your personal upbringing and experiences.
Says a lot about people's views when the person explaining their reasoning regarding gun control keeps going even after hearing the numbers mean nothing.
If you're republican, you can't allow yourself to believe in science because science often doesn't support your view and beliefs. Many cult members say they want Putin for president in the US before Biden. Because Biden isn't a republican, they don't believe in facts that says Biden has done a great job for the economy. When Trump stopped republicans to vote for border security, the cult believes it's Biden's fault that the border is open. The fact that Trump stopped the bill that could fix it, doesn't count. Even the poor and low-educated people support Trump in lowering the taxes for the richest.
I'm not giving up my guns because black people keep shooting each other.
You can only like this comment if you’re not AI
The real question is would skin cream increase or decrease gun related crime!
AI, much like cryptocurrency, is surrounded by significant hype. In reality, large language models (LLMs) function as libraries filled with accessible information. Their true innovation lies in how quickly they retrieve this data and organize it into a structured hierarchy.
I see a 2x2 in statistics, I think of Simpson's Paradox let's see how good my gut feeling is lol edit: nope, not Simpson's Paradox, damn this is interesting
Math goes right out the window when you talk about taking people's guns away!! 😂🤣 God bless you and your family Derek!
So they made it political, but is the test truly political? Or is it simply testing a group of people's, with the same idealogy, ability to interpret information that's contrary to assumptions / expected results.  There is a fantastic book, of which I've forgotten the title, but it describes how military leaders might interpret information in three categories. Categories A, B, and C. When presented with information that doesn't match expection, those in Category A accept the information as true and accurate. Those in Category B doubt the validity of the information and seek more information to verify. And those in Category C out right reject the information, refusing to acknowledge what doesn't match their preconceived notions.  I think this experiment dipped into this more so than revealing anything about either political party.
I wonder if the same bias effect would take place if the data was on a non-political topic that people have simply done more research on.  Like if I am a pro-gun control democrat and a believe my research I have already done is accurate, I'm going to assume the data will draw a similar solution. We are beings that strive to take shortcuts to save energy.  But what if the question was about baking and I was a baker?  If I was a baker and "knew" some stuff about the topic at hand, I would assume that the data presented probably aligns with my previous knowledge about baking.  The neutral skin cream part of the experiment is presented as being apolitical, but what if it's actually just more obscure?
This says more about the made up parameter "numeracy" then it does about people...
Damn got it right coz the only table that mattered was the right column for the face cream 😂
this is where i leave things to my intuition cos i know i'm crap at maths, anything inside brackets, like dates (1880-1971) i am number blind, i can't do simple arithmetic in my head, so i guess. i guessed (half) my last IQ test and i scored 181.
don't use partisan rhetoric such as "climate change"  the fact that is a partisan thing in the US is so sad  like saying don't use partisan rhetoric such as "cancer"  for you know the science is still divided on whether it is real.... the data on whether we need to act on cancer is still up for debate  thats how it sound to me
Damm I’m not clever. Got the answer right insanely fast
Why did I find so much "Kamala" in this video... I guess I'm biased too🤣
Summary is: "Human Being are biased calculator".
What would have helped is if you used groups that were the same size.  Say like a hundred people in each group.  These test results are confusing partly because of the different sized groups. I really would like to suggest that you redo the study but with the change that I suggested above. Otherwise, the only thing that I can draw from this is if information is. When people are presented with confusing information, people are going to go to their default way of thinking.
This experiment is just proof that the USA managed beautifully in brainwashing its people, no matter their individual intelligence
Lucky for me, I don't generally care WHICH group my opinions/beliefs align with. Not claiming my rationale is therefore flawless, just that tribalism plays far less of a role for me than it does for many others - my conclusions are MY conclusions (right OR wrong), regardless of whether or not they agree with anything anyone else believes.
The group that did the survey has to be considered. Many of them will only publish statistics that align with their views. What he said at the end of the video verifies what I said. If they want it to look like crime decreased, they leave out certain types of crime, and reporting. LE was discouraged to report certain crimes. And the big cities were not included in the FBI's statistics. Reports came out after the debate that showed that crime did increase.
When u realize the sides aren’t that different, think about who is telling us that we are. Why do they want us against each other?
The skin rash question is just a bad way to present the data. Are we to believe that no people showed no difference, that is they didn’t get better or worse? I can’t tell if that number is zero or just isn’t reported. What we need to know is the proportion of people who improve, and not reporting that is either intentionally misleading or a stupid oversight.
This is all well and good, unfortunately the entire system is set up to INCITE and promote polarization
Crime? What kind?  Be specific. Gun control has no effect on DUI or bank robberies. In neither case do you need a gun to commit those crimes.
Ever considered it’s just a really confusing question😂
I do like how Derek has to send his friend out to ask the questions, because if he goes out to ask a question about logic and reasoning people are going to recognize him and know something is "up" with the question. His presence would mess up the data.
Would have been nice to have the "political" question first to test whether I am biased to my tribes, too.
I have once again been ensured that my general disgust with politics is probably a good thing to have.. My brain physically hurts rn trying to come up with an answer to the question: "Why would someone not use math to answer a math question...?"
Crazy I’m going over a lot of this in my research methods class and this video comes out!
Very strange question to me. Maybe I'm stupid for getting it right, but to me it only made logical sense that the cream made the rash worse because 1) the number of people who's rash got better doubled, but 2) the number of people who's rash worsened * tripled. *   2x better 3x worse So it's just... more.. worse..  The people who did not use the cream statistically had a better chance of their rash going away on its own.  And once it became a question of 🔫 control of course all the answers became super biased 😅  Ah, dang, I get it after some more watching. It isn't even about bias rather than arrogance: the ability to look at the question without assuming the answer is soooo obvious there's no way you could get it wrong lol
I completely overthought the question, I assumed that since it was presented like a trick question there was some catch. What stood out to me was that there was no “rash did not improve or worsen” option, and assumed that group was just left out of the presented data, and also large enough to raise the proportionate value of the top row above the bottom one. Just the proportionate values really didn’t seem like enough of a trick to me.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
How is the first question something you get wrong if you are smart? I would think you have to be a little bit smarter to understand it than just look at the bigger number? The only thing this video shows is that in America people dont care about statistics and facts.. If they have a opinion about something, they will always find a way to make their opinion the right one, nothing new  The question has nothing to do with intelligence, it just shows that if you have a strong political opinion, you are probably not that intelligence and i thought everyone already knew that 🤣
They want one side fighting the other, they want us split down the middle on every topic. That way we’re always fighting about the wrong things and ignoring the source of the problems.
These kind of studies need to be tought at school
This is exactly why the US needs some political discourse laws. Imagine if politicians were ONLY allowed to talk about themselves and their own views and policy proposals. We might actually get some people that actually govern for the people. Politics in the US is just a tool to keep us divided while the wealth funnels to the top at an ever increasing rate.  Also, restore the fairness doctrine, ban ownership of multiple news sources again, overturn Citizens United, and most of the problems in America would go away.
i stopped after the first question.  bc no a smart person would get that right and a dumb person would get that wrong.
I'm not about to trust a nihilist/atheist, Derrick, on anything politically controversial.  Skipping this episode.
Yea my first question was : were there the same amount of ppl. And by the time I realized they weren’t he gave away the answer lol
Did anyone else find the crime question harder to comprehend?  The cream one was pretty straight forward but something about the way the gun question was presented made it difficult to understand what each box represented.
Yeah numbers are easily manipulated, go camping in Chicago and get back to me.
Since I'm a loner does that mean I'm more open minded?
Numeracy does make you more accurate you just need a 9.
So what about it D? You like guns and v8s or no?
9:33 Yes, in the US's system of government, that is highly rational. In proportional representations, the tribes are much less heavily pitted against eachother, with many more moderate parties in between the two extremes, meaning that there's much less of this 'tribal' thinking. Even though there's still that in some sense, it doesn't mean everyone is as polarized as people generally are in the US. In other words: I think that if you want to reduce the tribal thinking and polarized opinions, you have to change the idiotic winner-takes-all system the US has. If anything, this video is showing that tribalism makes people dumber. I'd say that's a bad thing for society (even though yes, like Derek says at 9:33, that's a good thing for each individual on their own).
Resubbed. Wonderfully done, sir.
It doesn't seem fair that you gave them stats that could be misinterpreted then question their allegiance to the truth even if they are "smart" it seems not reflective of how they deal with facts that do not agree with their opinions they were not presented clear facts, they were presented with an opprotunity for interpretation and they did that with their opinionated brain you could argue that people tend to use their opinions to reason and that is valid, but that experiment does not really reflect if their opinions were based on facts or biases Most of the time it is how the information is presented, and you presented it in a way that triggers the opinion side of the person, so you were seeking the result that people's opinions are more based on environment than facts I neither agree or disagree with the result itself, but I think the experiment is somewhat begging the question
"To summarize the summary of the summary: people are a problem." DA
Thank you for saying that needing to side with your tribe is "rational". It would drive me insane when people didn't understand that humans can't see certain things because it goes against their tribe. There is a reason why that trait was evolved so when people shame others for not seeing their own biases, I would get so angry because everyone does it!
Here’s the fix: Label all problems as rashes and possible solutions as skin cream when doing an analysis. Write the conclusions, then replace rashes and skin cream with the actual data labels.
If all the people set aside their point of view and started working together, that would be the beginning of the end for humanity.  We humans are like a see-saw. If we all sit on one side, we will never go up.  Disagreements are necessary.
This is quite interesting. This quite literally prooves my observation and a hyothesis that a tendency to believe (in anything to be honest), does not corolate with IQ. It's a fundamental human trait
Proportional representation? Ranked choice voting? Non-partisan primaries? Would it threaten your preconceived notions if I showed you evidence that polarization is much lower with mathematically superior forms of democracy?
Go back into your COVID trailer Aussie.
Keep the pase 🤛
funny how, coming to the conclusion that a study showcasing and proving confirmation bias is a thing is in reality about politics and fitting a tribe, is by itself yet more proof about confirmation bias...  trying to prove a point by seeking the solution rather than disproving your own point with counterarguments is what leads to these scenarios, if you want actual proof about the belief that people make choices *specifically* to fit in a tribe(and not because of confirmation bias, although being in a tribe will strengthen your confirmation bias towards soemthing specific as you'll trust most likely only your tribe's information) you need to run more tests with differente approaches and layers of complexity, this study doesn't prove what you think it proves, it just proves something else.
Basically, just shut up and learn
I recently had a discussion with friends about visiting the US. People usually say that americans are very polite with each other, but some people say that's because they're constantly afraid the other person is going to take out a gun and shoot them in the face if they disagree on some topic. Places where guns are prohibited, people will be more likely to punch each other in the face, but at least they're being honest with each other. My conclusion is that gun cotrol might not lower crime, but it at least makes people less afraid of and more honest with each other. And I think that is a "Good Thing".
I don´t understand how you could come to a conclusion without first knowing the amount of people involved in the cream test. Assuming there are 300 people in each group, the cream would have a 74.3% success rate, which is a whole 38.6% higher than the non cream approach. Compare this to the 18% increase (from 7% to 25%) in failure and I think it is safe to say that the cream is overall an improvement.
Well, the title is obviously a bit misleading since being intelligent is about more than just numeracy and quantitative thinking. It's also about critical thinking skills and analytical abilities. Interesting study, though.
Yeah, but you're asking Americans. Judging by the upcoming election, they're clearly not good thinkers.
Note to self: avoid rash decisions.
Skin cream just proves that the average person sucks at simple maths
I don't remember who said it put people should really live like every day is April's Fool day. A healthy dose of: "Wait.. is that BS..?" every single day makes the world a better place.
People believe what they want to believe lol. The chart is just a form of confirmation bias.
Good video, but maybe the idea that political officiation cause people to make illogical or irrational decisions is a bit misplaced. The gun data is just another piece of evidence that contributes to our perceptions about whether guns increase safety(personally or as a society) . When conservative republican question your data and give the wrong statistical answer, they are speaking from their historical experience and basically ignoring your question(based on made up data).
I think there is a better reason for this. If your reasoning goes against your preconceived beliefs, but you have powerful preconceived beliefs/intuition/instincts, it's actually way more likely you made a mistake in your reasoning.
Updating beliefs purely based on explanationless data is a Bayesian approach to knowledge, and I think the majority of people intuitively don't subscribe to such an approach, because it is wrong. If you have an explanation of the world, and someone provides explanationless data that contradicts it (but without an alternative explanation), then it is simply not convincing, because there could just as rightly be another explanation that makes the new data remain consistent with your existing worldview.
It's funny you went on to mention politics cause I was definitely thinking to myself that woman who said the numbers didn't mean anything to her was definitely thinking she needed to know if it was a lib rash or woke cream b4 she decided which was right.
2:57 oh thank God. I spent 3 minutes wondering if I was an idiot!
Chat I got the question wrong 😼
thats why its so hard to get nuclear the fair evaluation it deserves, too much hippie anti vibes swinging within a highly educated crowd XD
I thought this was going to be an interesting video, but then suddenly it's about politics. No hint at any of that in title or thumbnail, I'm going to stay away from veritasium for a while.
So to compromise with the right, we have to wait until the sea level rises before we address the core issue? We have to wait until enough people suffer to address gun violence? We have to compromise with short sighted people to enact policies supported by evidence?
bigger number better is intuitive answer... yeahhhh
Derek is walking on the thinnest tightrope of all time with this video! 😆
in summary: all people extreme enough to identify wholistically with any political ideology are fools.
Point of the whole video? Read every research article you come across. Question, everything.
Gotta wonder what "smarter" people he questioned.  I looked at % immediately and it was obvious, in fact it was obvious looking at the raw data.
Am i the only one hearing eternum music?
Politicians have been using those subjects to trigger emotional rather than rational reasoning, while making it seem rational. When you mix emotional with any science, you get bad data.  I'd like to think that I would get it right, but who knows.  Nice conclusion, but politics and the news would like to have talk. Rhetoric is all they have.
They should do this test with participants who believe they are answering anonymously. I think that would answer my question, is this because people have two different answers in their head (the tribally correct one and the one they actually believe to be correct) or is it because tribalism shuts down their reasoning capacity so that they never consider any answer besides the tribal one... maybe even some combination of the two?
nice video. Good overall takeaway.  There are so many of my past colleagues that will straight up ignore evidence when it contradicts their politics - some are more aware than they think.  I like to think that I am a bit more rational than that because I do not really have locked in political beliefs, I am just highly opposed to people lying to me or controlling me.
I am in fact so smart that I didn’t even understand this video, checkmate Harvard!
12:19 no du
That’s a stupid question, the sample size is different making it inherently hard to compare. The control and the test should have equal proportions of participants.
This Experiment seems very flawed to me. when you have the cream data people don't question it as much because its fairly irrelevant, you're just asking them a logic puzzle. when you switch it to gun control it becomes a much more nuanced question, there are a lot more factors that people know to look for. and if the data you're showing them is contrary to their belief they will question the data more. and because in this case, the data is literally made up(unless i misunderstood) people aren't going to change their mind. To me, This test tells more about how people's intelligence correlates with how they will react to unreliable data
I don't really like the gun control question. Your answer could also just be influenced by being aware of the real statistics. You are not being tested whether you can come to a conclusion that contradicts your view, but whether you can come to a conclusion that doesn't align with reality just based on a single fake statistic. My answer would also be way less clear than when asking me about a skin care product, because it is not a hypothetical scenario anymore.
The 'data' of crime, fracking, and climate change is SO much more subjective than skin cream.
People follow opinions more than facts and try to use facts to support their opinion. Except  when they have no opinion on a subject. (As if that were ever true.)
I feel like Veritasium just unlocked a new level of sponsorships. Asking someone to sponsor your video and getting them to do it is quite badass, not gonna lie 💪
For me the cream study is totally flawed. He dosent say how many participants were in each group and even if any quantity had some skin condition or tipe other than the rash. Se the question in the end is misleading and need more info.
I’m having trouble understanding the comparison in the title, 'Smarter People Do Worse.' Who are they doing worse compared to? In the video, you mentioned that both groups were politically polarized, regardless of their numeracy scores, so I don’t see how smarter people performed worse. Could you clarify?
Chat I swear I watched this video 4 years ago holy deja vu
So I’m dumb?
I guess my tribe is “scientist” cause I would look at the data and come to a conclusion, but then I would ask a bunch of questions in study design, how was it measured, why the control population is smaller etc.  I guess that is to say, if it was an unexpected answer, I would ask MORE questions to find out why.  The experiments that given you an unexpected result are the coolest and often lead to greater understanding. (But I often don’t agree with either party fully anyway)
I call this the Dave Roberts test.
I don’t even understand the question.  Where does that put me
Whenever I see poll data of any kind, I am most wondering about the questions asked, how they're asked, etc. I see so many studies where I can predict "unexpected" outcomes based on poorly worded questions, multiple interpretations of choices, whether it was multiple choice or open-ended, etc.  There's one other thing I want to know specifically for the political version of the question. As the skin cream is made up, no one could have read a previous study on that exact skin cream. Some people could have read existing studies on this exact political question, and I don't mean "read a random article online", I want to know if having read a peer reviewed paper on this topic has an any difference on the outcome.
I think given how controversial guns are compared to a skin cream, speaking for myself, my natural inclination is to ask about how the data was obtained.  I immediately want to dive into the nuance, as we are now dealing with a question pertaining to what I believe to be a human right.  If you are showing stats where guns increases violence, I would say you can find stats where it decreases.  The skin cream question can be just as, if not significantly more nuanced, as you have to account for genetics, diet, lifestyle, etc.  But skin cream does not evoke the same need to dig in, as it is not questioning a controversial topic.  Also, there are always groups trying to mislead people around topics like this, so a "right answer" in this context does seem applicable
Whoever got this wrong is stupid af, period.
What's the data show? Whatever you want
This seems to agree with the statement I've heard from some people, that we live currently in a "post-fact-based" world, where only prestation and not content of a piece of media counts.
Me? Wrong? Oh shutup! 😉
So  forming your opinions based upon political affiliation while disregarding facts makes you dumber.  Who could have guessed?
loling in german schooling 5th/6th grade in 1989 .... lol ... this is basic schooling in germany... well was .. till you all got so soft...   if you guys could read, i would recommend a book: "So lügt man mit Statistik" - Walter Krämer *how to lie with statistics*  hope this helps ;)
There have been study after study showing that gun bans increase crime. Republicans are much more likely to know of those studies and have an inherent bias. This study is useless.
I knew people that were so logically based that thought NOTHING of believing patently absurd ideas that not only is there no data to support, but that there is data that disproves some event or idea that they believe in, like a world wide flood during the time of man's existence on Earth, or that men lived with dinosaurs, or that the Universe and Earth is only 5000 years old, and loads of others.  The average bozo on the street doing that surprises me not at all, but KNOWLEDGEABLE people, whose entire careers and mode of thinking are based on reasoning that demands data as support, toward a given mode of thinking on a specific problem, believing something that flies in the face of that data, is actually contrary to that data, is beyond weird.  To me, it borders on insanity.  And I saw truly brilliant engineers that would defend that nonsense to the death. And they based on those beliefs on NOTHING, and contrary to everything they have seen, save one book from thousands of years ago. A book full of descriptions and events that are patently ridiculous, written for an bronze age society, much of it, who understood nothing of the universe and their own beginnings.  It just blows my mind.  Furthermore I bought some of it (not the examples above, but some of the supernatural crap) myself.  The first answer was obvious to me, and I am highly numeracy able, a retired engineer.  The part about your guess on pre-bias was interesting, and irrefutable.  My thought was that the experiment was not unbiased, or well designed, as the participants had no 'blindness' whatsoever, which could skew the answers from the original data.  Normally, in a good study, you would have all the participants using creams, one a placebo, and neither the people administering the test nor the people taking part in the study would have knowledge of which was which.    Your dichotomy is wrong, in many cases.  I am a Dem and my thought is NOT that guns should be taken out of people's hands, at all, but rather that INTELLIGENT controls should be applied to gun ownership, ie. closing loopholes for presale requirements, like if you are a felon, etc.  You could actually preauthorize people and put it on a driver's license, like they do visual correction requirements, or have a database that is accessible with that information.  This isn't hard to fix.    Actually LISTENING to people when they report that someone is unstable, owns a gun, and has said things like, "I am going to shute up a classroom" beforehand, it is ACTUALLY PAID ATTENTION TO, and SERIOUSLY acted on,.  So often that has been the case, with some parents reporting that they put locks on their bedroom doors, because their child has stabbed scissors into their bed, and done other such things repeatedly in an uncontrollable rage, and again, nothing is done.  BOTH of those are directly from people who have had kids that did exactly those two things.  We need to stop being STUPID about things.  I have literally NO problem with a law abiding, stable citizen, who has demonstrated responsibility while owning a gun.  And I know of two incidents of two people I know personally who have likely had their lives saved by having a gun, one almost for sure, because he was being threatened with a mugging, with a knife.  He pulled a 357. and the guy literally ran away.  That political bias with high numeracy people is both weird, and terribly concerning.  It is also absolutely something I would have predicted, in the case of political hot potato issues.  The fact that low numeracy people get things wrong is predictable, by definition, actually.  I flat out KNOW that another one of those cases that you could have picked, almost certainly even moreso, would have been religious beliefs, the ones that are logically non sequitur, given the data.
And that is why there is a difference between being smart and being wise. Although it is just semantics at this point. Maybe the solution might be there was "policy X" in those cities and there was "policy Y" in those cities, here are the numbers. What do you make out of these numbers? Which policy was better. Do not tell people what the policy was, as it will trigger them in either direction. Just show numbers. Even if they ask whether that policy was on gun control, do not answer, let them first think about the numbers and then reveal what each policy was. Only after this, ask people if they are surprised and if it is consistent with their belief. If not, how will they cope with it?
Its is actually quite a beautiful explanation of precision and recall for machine learning
Francesca Gino likes this video.
We can't keep assuming. The word on the street is solid. But if you want a conclusion come to correctly, you must follow the ancient rules of observation. We used to have DIY nuclear kits. Maybe a more dangerous science kit would be a world observation guide.
This here is the real use of our rational brain: to rationalize our beliefs, to ourselves and to others.
Still to watch it through, but do they [Ve] repeat the questioning with the numbers transposed so that we detect left-right versus top-bottom reading direction preference issues.  I do also recognise the style of reporting/study as being similar to Monty-Hall and 'rare-event' phenomena [the latter being the classic medical problems are 'rare' case].  Lets see which it is. ;-)
They have specifically studied the political breakdown in terms of 'tribes' before. I know there are a few dozen studies just in the arena of marketing and public messaging about how to appeal to right-leaning groups versus left-leaning groups. There is even some research suggesting this might be a 'brain structure' related thing (although I do not believe they did anything to establish which direction the causality flows). Left-leaning groups are more concerned with large-scale things like the whole nation or whole world and just want the playing field to be fair and even for everybody, while right-leaning groups just want their side to win, and no principle other than that exists. Like back when compact fluorescent lightbulbs were popular and they were being promoted as being good for the environment, they did comparison studies of how to sell them to different political groups. In left-leaning areas, the messaging that focused on saving the planet worked best. In right-leaning areas, that messaging actively discouraged sales, but messaging about helping their own electric bills worked. When collecting shoes for charity, the most effective messaging for left-leaning areas was 'help the needy', while in right-leaning areas it was 'help your neighbors'. And they can see structural brain differences between these groups. I think it is too easy of a trap to fall into to make an assumption about which is "the correct" structure, or even that the structure leads to the positions held instead of the reverse. But it is real, so we do have to deal with it any time we're considering large-scale policies that are going to affect everyone.  And you mentioned gun control in this video... there is some very good (IMO) research on the topic and I think the reason we have so much conflict over it is because of what that research found. Guns simply have nothing to do with violent crime rates. Which can be surprising when you first recognize it, and notice the places in the world that have no guns but yet have extremely high rates of violent crime, and then notice places with extremely high gun ownership rates but almost no violent crime... but there IS an explanation. There is exactly 1 factor which accurately predicts the level of violent crime in a society.  Income disparity. The size of the gap between the rich and the poor always predicts violent crime rate. Where it is bigger, violent crime is higher. 100% of the time. With no exceptions anywhere in the world, not even if you consider historical societies. And where it is smaller, violent crime is lower. 100% of the time. With no exceptions anywhere. If you just look at prevalence of guns, you have to start dropping data points and saying 'oh those societies are not enough like ours to count'. If you include EVERY society, guns just don't correlate with violent crime rates. More doesn't prevent crime, but it also doesn't drive it. Income disparity, however, causes crime and drives it. Always. But nobody wants to tackle THAT problem, so we bicker about other stuff.
I do think there's more to it than just tribalism.  Individual studies are subject to human bias and other sources of error, so you can never really take a single study at face value – you have to look at the aggregate data for trends.  If you stopped me on the street and showed me the gun crime chart, I'd be weighing it against all the OTHER gun violence studies I've seen.  In the skin cream example, I wouldn't HAVE any other studies on this specific formula to compare with.  I'm not saying I'm a perfectly logical being, I'm sure I've got loads of unexamined biases!  I'm just saying, the bigger and more pressing the problem, the more likely people are to consider all the context they've seen, and not just the info right in front of them.  I think that's a pretty intelligent thing to do, actually.   (Science literacy is obviously still a problem – I just think there are people who misread data, people who consistently argue why the data might be wrong, and people who SELECTIVELY argue why the data might be wrong, and this video kind of lumps them together)
So if you do not align yourself with political parties but come to conclusions on policies based on your own perceptions of the data, you are more likely to be correct than those who parrot the ideas of their respective political party association.
The boring biased theories written in endless boring ‘scientific’ bookzZZzz…
After watching this video, I lost hope in humanity. People are just stupid. (and I'm probably not even better)
00:54 for which person?
paradox
TLDW - Americans are silly, especially when it comes to guns.
Neat neat neat
Being smart or not obviously has very little meaning on highly political questions if they're are meant to be answered using the data that you show people. Very few people even used the numbers when answering. The title is a little bit misleading since not just smart people got them wrong, everyone did (more or less to the same degree)
i got the question right away, im a certified idiot
No surprise, we are hard-wired to look for confirmation bias and that inclination trumps our other faculties.
"Most people" do not make a habit of thinking critically. Life  is too short, and there are so many distractions that provide that good ol' dopamine hit.  Also, depending on the individual's moral code (from whatever source), some things are unbearable to consider. Gun control (both for and against) is one of those things, because fear of the consequences are inherent to both sides.  Likewise, racial differences are a no-go for most people. Because this particular belief is so strongly based in emotion, rational consideration is not even conceivable.  Something that everyone should ask themselves...are you a rational, or emotional thinker? Can you suppress your emotions while discussing a topic that "pisses you the F off!"? Or are such discussions enjoyable, because by _hearing_ the other person, you learn how they think and therefore understand them better?
As long as humans are there, no matter what strategy you adopts.. they will find ways to conflict, and make every topic local or anything political... only solution is to come together and form a 3rd front to counter two fronts (left and right),, we are social creatures, unfortunately for this, we are all lone wolves..which is wrong..hopefully it changes someday..
The solution: direct democracy
Subscribe back
Regarding minute 7:20, it would be necessary to analyze the data carefully. For instance, if ideology leads one in every two people to change their view, it might seem that it affects the more intelligent group much more significantly. This group could go from giving the correct answer 90% of the time to only 45%, while another group with a 30% accuracy rate would drop to 15%. This drop in accuracy appears three times larger for the intelligent group, but, in reality, the effect of politics is identical for both groups—it changes the response of 50% of those who initially answered correctly.  On the other hand, the question regarding firearms seems somewhat controversial. I live in Spain, and my first thought was, what is the baseline? If the answer assumes firearms are legal, cities where they remain legal give us a trend, whether positive or negative. However, cities that ban them only offer a snapshot, and we don’t know how this will evolve over time. Additionally, I would personally prefer to live in an area with a bit more crime but without firearms involved, as this would likely mean lower mortality rates. Overall, the study doesn’t entirely convince me, although it's true that fanaticism and group dynamics exert substantial pressure on an individual and their decision-making.
The more you think you know everything, you are more likely to make mistakes. All of my biggest mistakes have been because I was so sure of myself that I didn't double check or ask someone else. Pride goeth before the fall because Pride will inevitably be wrong, and unable to cope with it. Humility and willingness to learn are the only way to improve.
Derek slayin' it with the content!
Veritasium finally did it. Great job on this one
Hello.  My name Kevin and I am a dumbass.  (My first step.)
I think we should label everything as skin cream, vote and select based off that, then reveal what it is afterwards.
Tribalism is the antidote to rationality.
Important video! Thank you Derek & Team. Living up to the meaning of the channel name :)
Derek's statement that people will disregard evidence that goes against their beliefs isn't as clear cut as he makes it. Studies can be biased in how they are structured, how they are run, and how the data is cleaned and interpreted. IMO it's more rational to assume the random guy on the street isn't showing you high quality data than that your strongly held beliefs are wrong.  The problem is that we choose our "believable" sources for this kind of information based on our own preexisting biases. It's impossible to find and assess sources as completely unbiased since everyone has biases.
so bias increases chance of getting it wrong if it doesnt align with their personal beliefs. As someone whos been a debate-troll in my early to mid 20s, i can confirm.
Cream was way more likely to make the rash worse, that is a terrible cream!   Am I bad at math? I'm only 90 seconds in. Ok, farther in, and this is why Socrates was put to death, and why I am an Independent voter. “All I Know Is That I Know Nothing” ~Socrates
Re: the skin cream...   I assumed the sample sets had the same number of people. That means that the cream has a significant impact both ways. That is, it provides a higher chance of making it better AND worse Therefore I decided that since 115 more people got better using the cream as opposed to doing nothing and, meanwhile, 54 had gotten worse as opposed to doing nothing (so more than a 2 to 1 ratio). If I have a skin rash, I'm taking the cream. Of course that depends on how bad making it worse is, versus how much better is versus how easy it is to live with.   If the numbers were meaningful only as a proportion, I agree with the presentation that doing nothing is better.
Really enjoyed the video All these bot comments are scary though 🫤
knew it was gonna turn political as he asked people in line for the elections. ruined my day as a european
so.. smart people should trick stupid people to do smart things
Number one issue
Hmm, reasoning tends to focus on how the question is framed
Thanks for this very revealing video
Of course people are going to get questions wrong when you word them like that. What does "223 crimes improved" and "75 crimes worsened" even mean. People got the skin rash one right because the wording actually made sense.
You asked your buddy Willey Overstreet to go you on the streets and Whiley he's Over streets ask some questions?
Bad data and not well thought questions don't reveal anything. If there aren't dumb questions there certainly are irrelevant questions.   To me it's pretty clear what I should compare and... I really don't get why the question would be a mystery tbh. And a lying study doesn't help uncover the reality of anything, specially if you know the subject a bit more... Which happens to be the case in the US or US semicolonies in particular, so the people basically were already criticising the methodology because they already saw doctored data before trying to convince them for X or Y, and, even if they arrived at their position from political beliefs, are they wrong? The way this was setup we cannot say, simply. They aren't arguing with you about the data you are showing them. You are arguing with them. Maybe the study should pick another political topic about which the literacy and discourse isn't very present, maybe they should get data elsewhere, etc, there are many problems with the study. In gun control the well is poisoned. The conclusion that people don't reason with the math or don't understand it or don't use it, I'd argue, doesn't follow. We can just conclude people disagree... What a revelation. I think the opposite conclusion could be reached if you changed the topic. I'd require many follow ups to this before publishing, because I think this was done in a very loosey method.  Asking in another place or in a place that never had to discuss gun regulations is probably what would be better, but changing the question in many ways would also. The study does a few other questions to be fair, doesn't address the other problems it has.  Unless you were judging without the appearing neutrality going on here. Ask a question you know one group is right or wrong about and show the numbers. But I'm kinda thinking the questions and the conclusions have little to reveal the way this was setup. We can conclude that, sometimes people use outside info and sometimes math. Amazing. Just like everything we do.
Explains elon musk
I would argue statistical manipulation by governments and instructional is a far worse problem then what individuals think of the data.
It was a study about how much people change their mind based on preconceived ideas vs rational info. The gun control question doesn't have the same level of correlation between experiment and results, so people default to their preconceived ideas . Also, people don't have a previous opinion on the efficacy of the cream I dont really see how comparable both set of responses are when the questions are not really that similar
8:38 mf said all that just to be wrong
Very subtle and clever wording in the title. I filled in the gap myself with "Smarter people do worse than dumber people", when in reality it was "Smarter people do worse than they are expected to"
Cognitive bias is hard to overcome.
Well there's your problem, unfortunately Americans are stupid (and I'm American, but have watched numerous late night shows that show people living in California don't even know where the capital of California is).
Ehhh, is this really an interesting result? It's obvious that polarizing issues will cause people to default to their entrenched beliefs, or in the terms of the study, use system 2 vs system 1 in a response.    the result that this is stronger in people with higher numeracy is the most interesting part, but the study didn't control for many relevant confounders. Like, if they had measured consciousness, it might have explained the difference completely.  The result is weak, particularly for its use here asserting that one side is worse than the other by a significant margin. Failing to control for well known constructs that undoubtedly affect the results is sloppy at best, biased at worst.   The bias only increases by inclusion of a topic that conservatives are known to be entrenched in one direction, and failing to include a topic where liberals are entrenched in the other direction.   I would love to see what made the conservatives worse here. It isn't surprising to me that they were worse on the gun issue, but we will never know if there was a corresponding entrenchment on the other side.   Disappointing @veritasium
I like that the Republicans had like 25% right while democrats were still at around 50% in their counter believe example..
FINALLY a video about modern politics that is actually apolitical, thank you
Your videos are usually good.  This one makes me question.  You did a nice job of showing political bias.  But then just assert without any evidence that political bias is irrational and wasn't reasoned into.  I don't buy it.
8:14 That's not entirely true. The data calls it "ordinary scientific intelligence," so I assume that this is a ranking among average people in terms of scientific intelligence.  Almost all scientists believe that humans influence the climate. Almost all know that evolution is real. There's less divide betweem scientist.   So its a bell curve.
I love you bro!!! This is sooo awesome. Thank you for posting!
Average question for school children? Don't get how anyone, smart or thick, can get the answer wrong.
Yeah cool but why theres more people in group that used the cream than in the control group? Or maybe there is a third category in which rash remained the same hmmm?
Ah. Mental gymnastics
After i saw the index I thought that Rowan from vldl trying to sell vaseline to someone.
clickbait title much? there are so many more influencing aspects besides beein "smart" whatever that means in the first place when talking about politics
"It scared me, because they're just like my side." YES LADY, AND LEFTISTS HAVE BEEN YELLING THIS AT YOU ALL FOR EVERRRRRRRRERR AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This is why Romeo and Juliet is unrealistic even more. You can't go against your tribe because it's suicide. True love in society is only for smart and/or individualist people if not within same tribe. Therefore for tough people aswell
So, nobody is objective. Apparently there are no adults left in this country.
this comment section b like "[rational and well thought out STOLEN comment] bro xai760k is THE 💣💣"
I would be super interested in how far system 1 and system 2 thinking factors into this. Perhaps people are just using system 1, because these political issues are also not isolated (like the skin cream) they are well known discussion points that people have an opinion about. So what if u made the task just hard enough for people to have to use system 2. Does the effect vanish?
There is zero incentive for political parties to abandon the current polarization; they gain power, control and wealth from it. It’s an old, simple and effective strategy to divide the masses.
Okay, and? What’s your point? Some things have proven metrics. You’re claiming both sides believe what they want to believe based on what they’re told. Well, no duh. The search for truth and enlightenment (veritas) is great until God opens your eyes… it’s really a battle of good vs evil, a spiritual battle.
Hmm, the "don't use politically charged language" section feels a little naive. Terms like "Climate Change", "Global Warming", "Gun Control" and "Trans Rights" weren't really politically charged in the first place. They were made politically charged by their oponents and proponents.  The sea level rise example is nice, but I bet once it starts getting used, it's going to get politically charged too.
Half way through the video I think I can conclude that media and marketing AI did its job and successfully indoctrinated us to believe what we are fed by it.
I acknowledge that and I keep changing my mind on the basis of knowledge about any topic that I used to believe as true or false.
8:50 You should ask academics this question instead. Economists will never take evidence that their model is wrong as proof their model is wrong, just that they need to adjust it a little. So why would people suddenly abandon an entire idea if one study found one thing which is contrary to their intuition?
on the skin cream category I didn't immediately think to compare the worse categories to their respective better categories, I compared the worse categories to each other then the better categories to each other, then the answers to each other, in the worse, the Cream had roughly 3 times as many worse cases than the non-cream, where as in the better categories, the cream only had roughly 2 times better results, that 2 vs 3 leads to a negative result, it made more worse cases overall
I'm curious to know if this experiment took itself into account: Did it control for the fact that people are rightly suspicious of statistical evidence presented as "fact" by "an authority"? For areas like skin cream where getting the right answer is irrelevant to their daily life (their tax rate, their energy costs, their ability to purchase certain products, etc), they have no reason to suspect that there are interested parties willing to skew the data, or even if they did, that the skewed data is unlikely to affect them. Yet, for politicized subjects, the very reason they are politicized is because of how likely they are to affect people. Because of this, there's a greater incentive for someone to skew data (governments, companies, scientists trying to get tenure, etc). Similarly, this experiment intentionally asks people to ignore individual past experience without regard for personal fixed points or their own previous research. No matter how compelling the data is, I will not believe that I am a 600 foot tall lizard creature, because I have direct personal information that contradicts that claim. As another example, to convince me that the Moon landings were faked, the evidence would have to be far better and more exhaustive than the significant, and extensive evidence I already personally researched. This experiment seems to present the fictitious data without taking malicious actors or past experience with the subject into account.
I think that the "Gun Control" vs "Rash Cream" are almost completely non-comparable. In one case you have an extremely individualized outcome that cleanly lands in either improved or worsened. With gun control it has a much larger societal impact, not to mention that many people have probably heard results of studies on gun control specifically. I have no doubt that political bias results in irrational conclusions, but I think the people commenting on gun control understood the much larger impact that the results of that study would have reflected. The fact that people wanted sources and clarification on the details of the study is critical to actually coming to an understanding and not just choosing the "correct" number.
Literally exactly how I worked it out. The fact I got it right makes me unhappy...
9:52 unless you're an Alpha 😎
Also, the data is generally polarized, as it depends on how you ask the questions, sort the data etc...The data might show one thing, that is actually dependant on something else. As it showed at the end with Ground News ad, and comparing apples to oranges.. I think to solve this, first you have to have people with different opinions create the questions to get the data, to nullify the error in the initial data... Then you have to also discuss the data from the viewpoint of both sides.. And have people play devils advocate a lot!
I don’t get it if in every group are the same amount of people maybe 300 than: the 223 improvements helped more than 70% and only worsened 25% The 107 are 35% improvement and 7% worsened. So I would conclude that the 1 group has a bigger chance of helping. Of course proportionally you also have a 4 times higher chance that it worsens the rash. But it depends on the focus which you think works best. No risk no fun.
I wonder if part of the reason is that people assumed a third number not presented, those who had no change.
The skin cream question makes no sense if you actually study data constantly and combat false news
You asked people deeply believe in their candidate and corresponding political program. It in not science - it is bad, biased statistics. Video title is not truth either
DON'T CARE, VOTE FOR TRUMP AND SAVE AMERICA
this video is entirely copied off the kahan tedx lecture.... smh
This just shows the poor state of education in the USA. People think they are intelligent but they are subpar at best.  Any average college student of India would know the concept of ODDs ratio. For the first problem it has a very simple and specific formula of calculating i.e. AD/BC
So basically it's confirmation bias...
Most of these questions don't make sense unless we know the sample sizes.  For example, in the first example say the sample size is 500 for both groups. In that case, the medicine that helps 200+ people is much better from a pharmaceutical standpoint since it's helping 40% of people, and there would just be some big disclaimer to discontinue in case it made the rash worse.  Obviously, this only applies to a subset of these cases but I'd really prefer to see this type of test will full information provided.
isn't this some form of simpsons paradox?
There's one KEY DIFFERENCE between the two variations. In real life, gun control does impact crime in a known way. It's not a hypothetical cream. One of the groups (left vs right) typically knows the correct answer, while the other one typically believes in a LIE. (I won't say which one I believe to be the correct answer to not trigger people's biases here.)
Humans are so disgusting. I despise partisanship.
_"Smarter People Do Worse"_   Finally! A test I may be able to ace!
7:14 I think the difference between an observational study on crime and gun control with the potential for many uncontrolled variables is not fundamentally the same as a controlled experimental study on skin cream. The former leaves a lot more room for the interpretation of the results and theorisation about the nature of the relationship. Assuming that there is a "correct" interpretation of those figures when they are applied to a variable as complicated as crime is debatable.
Insert picture of professor Snape leaning back…. ‘Dafuq?’
The one situation is you are making science calculations for yourself and for the universe. The another situation is a vile interviewer will use your answer to confirm their agenda and you will regret both you wasted time to do this calc honestly and that your calc is used by vilains to achieve bad things.
I know that this video was made to show how there really is no need for us to belittle each other based on each of our own beliefs and perspectives. That in fact, there is a need for us to be more compassionate and considerate of each other IN SPITE OF the difference. Because, in the grand scheme of things, *we all are just “dumb” to it all* regardless of our differences in intelligence.   However, with how this video was titled and “story-boarded,” for a lack of a better term, I feel like people will come off of it all the more divided. Because now, it is “The Smart Ones v. The Dumb Ones” which, as I said, is not the point the video is making. I feel like the point of the video ends up becoming somewhat of an afterthought by the end instead of being the main through-line throughout the video. I myself have not read the paper but I am guessing that the paper, too, was aiming to show how the same we all are in the very different things we chose to attach ourselves unto.   In short, I  really just dislike how “weird” this video has been configured and I feel like there was a better way to have done this presentation, especially  with the thought that was stated near the end.  And if me saying all of this just further proves the point of the study and this video, well, I do not know then lmao.   I just felt it was necessary for me to point this out cause the video was great but there was something bothering me about it and it was what I discussed above. That’s all.
Got the answer correct after checking the percentage of “Improvement : Deterioration” for both Cream and No Cream, so I am dumb? 💀
stop calling the republican conservative. Its a fachism party. nothing more nothing less. and will for forever.
I guess we are fked. People don't want to see the answer right in front of them.
There are two reasons. One is human reasoning as you said. But the second is, and people don't like to hear this, democracy. Democracy requires us to follow rules, we do not agree with, because majority voted for them. That means you will naturally fight people with different opinion on politics, because if they win, it will actively influence your life. It's no longer an opinion, but a threat Meaning democracy actually leads to more escalated and less reasonable fights rather than productive discussion (contrary to popular belief)
So I'm not smart because I can calculate percentages? Okay...
Why, in the skin cream experiment,  do the two groups have different number of total cases? Both comparing absolute numbers and comparing ratios are wrong because the control group is not really of control. A control group should be identical to the experimental group except for one parameter. A group of smaller data size tends to be less convincing regardless. Even if we use ratio, the group with less number of cases is subject to higher error. For example, if one guy in the experiment decides to change his mind, it affects the ratio of the smaller group much more than that of the larger group. That using ratio is the "right answer" is wrong from the start.
Wtf is up with all the crypto spam bots? It's frightening that they talk about the video topic.
It's a good thing people recognize that the Constitution is the supreme law of the land.  Wonder what would happen if you brought in Free Speech or religion
To be fair, the real answer to the answers scientific would expect is not « is it working or worsening » but a probabilistic evaluation of the hypothesis « the cream is working ». So the best answer would probably be « I can't compute statistics in my head ».
A huge problem with throwing numbers around is that people assume that the numbers are true and not propaganda. It's all well and fine when it's a corporation trying to understand why their skin cream doesn't work. It's much different when it's the government trying to manipulate the public by deliberately cherry-picking certain data points and ignoring others.
given the "two options" of the "study" , i would ask the question as to why there is not data for Remained the Same result. My conclusion would be the "study" is incomplete.
Trump-voters with a numeracy rating of 9 ? 😅
This is why it is dumb when people say "left wingers are on average smarter" it's almost a self tell, you simply have to be more intelligent to be left wing to justify the higher amount of false hoods required in their own minds. Basically they are more capable of lying to themselves. That's not to say right wingers don't lie to themselves, they just have to do it less often.  The real problem isn't intelligent though, it's ideology written by people with no real world experience, resentment for those who have done better than them and the people willing to follow those ideologies feel like they are part of the "smarter group".   If everyone were honest with themselves, ideologies in totality would not be able to exist, there would be no left or right wing, just culture, religion (not all will believe but the premises of the nations religion informs the morals of the nation with thousands of years of trial and error rather than one mans ramblings from 100 or so years ago), tradition and "common sense".   No need for petty politics, just the nations natural state and a sprinkling of pragmatism... The irion of all this being. I just wrote... An ideology...
Just did the math 1 minute in. 16.4% People with no cream got worse. 25.1% of people with the cream got worse. Therefore the cream had a negative impact on the rash. Let’s see if I’m correct.  Edit: I was correct! I think I’ve watched too much 3 blue 1 brown to be fooled by this lol. Check out some of his Covid stuff. He talks a lot about this in relation to vaccines.
Three quarters of people who tested this skin cream said that their rashes got worse.  Clearly the skin cream works!?
I also notice that dumb people answer "what is your social security number" correctly more often than smart people.  I am pretty sure what is happening here isn't "smart people more prone to biased thinking" but rather "smart people less willing to engage with the hypothetical"
Man im confused, Are the no cream and cream group the same size? If thats the case the cream makes it better. Isnt the diffrenc ebetween the better and worse numbers the relevant thing? After the application in the cream group 148 feel better while in the no cream group only 86 feel better
I remember a Scientific American article about a political study. They showed only the pictures of candidates to an audience that had never seen them before, so, for example Montana Mayor candidates to CAlifornian residents and asked them to pick the winner. More than 70% of the time they could pick the winner just from the photo, showing that there is nothing rational about our democratic systems, we are just picking the nicest looking person.
yeah, you're right. i have a lot in common with people who want to kill me actually. what an eye opening video
The right to bear arms is not decided by the the good guy bad guy crime rate slope... but okay.
The other problem, and I think Veritasium or another channel has covered it, but it is headlines that say one thing, then in the article, sometimes at the very end in a single paragraph, shows that the whole topic is completely reverse of the headline. This happens even with major and "reputable" news agencies.
4:44 “skin cream is about as apolitical as it gets.” Only if you’re pro-skub scum.
The problem with the skin cream example is that people have different skin types. This means that one certain cream is definitely not going to work for everyone. Which could be the reason why the skin of the people who applied the cream got their skin worse.
@7:23 "less likely to get the right answer"... Did they even check for "I think these are completely made up numbers and not actual study results"? Because that's the only actually right answer.
I would say you generally speaking have a responsibility to know you can’t know everything or necessarily things enough to always be correct
I never knew that knowing odds ratio means I’m stupid
Wonderful topic. Very insightfull! Only when is someone is so full of sh*t like Trump…. I mean how?!?
There are more variables when it’s gun control/crime vs skin cream/rash.
On the skin creme question, the answer actually depends on the size of the two groups. If the size was equal (a requirement for double blind studies) and close to the listed numbers for the skin creme line, then the non-creme control had a large number of “no change” results, and the creme group actually had a higher percentage getting better (and a higher percentage getting worse, as well)  Seriously, this question omits so much necessary information that there is no right answer based on just the numbers.
I can not stand how non-autistic people answer questions sometimes. I think because of this era of history I would still choose to be on the spectrum and the negatives that come with that rather than just insert fanfiction about numbers to ad-hoc justify why the numbers are wrong and I don't like them. Dude talking about sources and pragmatism even after you told him a second time that is a numbers experiment had me screaming at my screen.
Government/Politics is just a tool to keep us fighting against each other instead of the elites
The way I look at a Gun Control Vs Crime charts, is Increase crime can be associated to People owning a gun when they shouldnt is "More crime" which makes it look worse with out context. The same can said the other way when you only look at broad spectrum reports with out having details about what Crimes are committed or what other changes have happened in the same window of time that the reports are taken.
Idk if I would change my views, I would only know it when it happens. But if I saw values against my ideology I would answer according to the data but say I would have to confirm it by myself instead of blindly beleive the data.
I think what you're seeing here is similar to... if you're driving down a road at 70mph, verified by your speedometer and decades of experience driving, and I pull out an app and show you a speedometer app that displays "10mph" are you going to 1) agree that you're going 10mph (the "right" answer based on the data) or 2) start explaining reasons why the speedometer app is inaccurate. We're seeing #2 here and little more. When someone has a previous body of knowledge on a topic and you show them a single isolated study and ask them what it means, it makes perfect sense that they will explain why your study is flawed and the data ought to be discarded. This isn't stupid, irrational, dumb, or wrong. You can tell by the limited segments in the video with the person explaining why they answered the way they did
gun control is using both hands
In summery. Garbage in, garbage out.
Here, I was, having voted over a week ago, wanting to get away from thinking about the election and the video gets political halfway through. For folks stressed about the election, this is not the best timing.
Nice. Appreciate it.
"The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data." The data: Bot comments meant to stoke our tribalism...
This was fascinating and maybe one of the most important videos I've watched on youtube the past year.
Gun control decreases crime😂 its not rocket science its almost universal knife crime may increase but you can run form a knife but difficult to rum from a bullet 😂😂😂😂
Did not know gun control bots existed.
9:48 - "being ostracized from the group is almost as bad as walking off a cliff" - an introvert after watching this and deciding to jump off a cliff
Boo!
The biggest takeaway from this study? The general public is composed of animals.
Lmao he fell into the trap shown in this video by strawmaning pro 2a 4:59 bias is everywhere , be aware.
here’s a little tutorial on statistical manipulation 13:30  FBI report includes only 70% of the country - yet the total number was used to say crime decreased from the previous report, which included 100% of stations. so the democrats are manipulating us with “crime has lowered”
the problem with the question with the guns is how its phrased. we have crimes increased and decreased but the thing is what the question means by crime increased or decreased? the only thing that will make some reason th these statements if that data were originated from " zones" where the crimes could happen. On this condition the point of the question is left the same as for creams, because we have zones instead of people as subjects and a solution is a guns instead of cream. But there is also a point when people think of this question as crimes commited and prevented, then we have people who always will pick variant with less events of crimes+crime prevention, because prevented crime is still an event that happened, so having less of crime overall events is better than having them more.  For me there are no valid answer, because question wording is vauge and doesn't state what exactly it is about. Gun control, crime increased and decreased are not explained so its up to people interperetation.  Edit: PS I was writing this when video was explaining gun control part
I'm wondering is, how did you ask the question. Did you tell people, "hey, here's a statistic, what conclusion would that statistic, if true, lead to, I'm trying to do a study on people's ability to work with statistics" or did you tell them "I have a statistic here, what does ot tell us on the issue". Because if the statistic is in conflict, with true, factual and sound information people already have, they might be thinking "well, ok, this statistic seems to say this, but I know these things on the issue, that bring me to a different conclusion, so that must be bad data". Then it wouldn't be surprising at all, that especially  people litterate on the issue start telling you, this statistic does not really say, what it seems to say, necause they know things, that are true, that contradict it. An then instead srart talking about all the reasons, why the statistic could be wrong
I don't see the point in the experiment.  Seems to me the result your describing has more to do with the way the question was setup and framed then the ability of the person to reason it out if given just the question directly.  That makes this a worthless experiment where the conclusion is created by how things are setup beforehand.
I feel like there's a significant issue with this study, which has more to do with political discourse and debate within the US.   People with high numeracy on both sides are likely to have backing data for their beliefs on gun control (regardless of accuracy), so this study probably stands in opposition of their data. But the real problem is that "debate" has become a game of gotcha. No one is going to concede a point based on a study that they haven't investigate, especially without knowing the intention of the person posing the question.  Too many people have weaponized bad data which in turn puts people skeptical of the validity of the facts or the intention of the other party.
Cherry picked?
So what ur saying is we should add trigger warnings for republicans when climate change gets brought up
so the test is not working well on non american?
That was a mess.  You have conducted an experiment designed to reach your conclusion.  You leave out many details that would be necessary to establish if your experiment has any value at all and your conclusions are pretty big leaps from your data even if it turns out that your methods were better than they appear.
I hate to say this. The question is wrong. Who asked how many improved. The part where the those that worse is irrelavant. 223 improved where only 107. The section of those that gpt worse dpes not factor in. If the question was asked, which group improved better, it would then be the ones without the cream.
Being tribal is to humans as fitting into small spaces is to cats. It's our instinct. We are just animals after all
Many don't trust data nowadays cuz they think all sources are politically motivated 😅
Veritasium turning into a government / political tool now ?? :/ .
The bot spam is dystopian
The dicotomy between republicans and democrats is a lie fabricated to polarize people. My fellow north americans, rise up to solve the real enemy. Which is Capitalism btw.
I don't think this is a bad thing? When confronted with evidence that goes against your worldview, it is rational to be skeptical of its accuracy because its rational to assume that evidence which contradicts information you deem to be accurate is more likely to be wrong. The difference between skin cream and gun crime is that contestants knew little about skin cream so couldn't verify the information against existing information they hold, so are forced to rely on the evidence provided.  I personally think the problem is that there can exist two very strong opposite views. This to me clearly indicates that there is a pandemic of misinformation for people to believe so strongly in an incorrect viewpoint, as one of two people who have strongly opposing views has to be wrong, if not both. I think the way we solve this is to be wary of over generalization. You can't accurately say that banning of guns will benefit/disbenefit US society, no matter how obvious it seems to you.
i think the question is flawed because by default most Americans have access to guns already, so you would have to ask something akin to loosening gun restrictions or making guns more available.
This is exactly what the world needs! ❤
Get first question right. Wait I’m dumb? 😭😭
Researcher here: how can we academics avoid our biases with data?
Silly question. If I'm part of the people whose rash got worse with no cream I'd try the cream, and if the rash gets worse I'd stop taking the cream. Also, I'd ask how big the groups are. If there's 1000 people in the groups and most people had no effect, the cream is more efficacious, albeit with side effects.
The more you know the less likely you will be to believe anything that science or scientists say.
3:05 why is the graph presented to the lady swapped compared to the graphic?
I did not hear the exact framing of the question asked with the gun control thing,also when you ask these questions to someone on the street they might become self aware and more radicalised in their belief,skewing things even more, like asking someone to estimate suicide rate of a bridge from where they saw a staged attempt with you.
Dude I JUST HAVE to comment, this is the reason i subbed to this channel, the reason we all need to ALWAYS continue our learning everyday, so that we can, not only get answers to our problems, but to also ASK THE REAL QUESTIONS WE NEED to answer. This is one of your best videos to date Derek, and that's really something to say considering all the work you do on research for all the content you share in this platform
Democrat sharing this with my republican grandmother, thank you for sharing this information with all of us
I have to like this comment, ohh I've already liked it
When smart people forget to normalise :) Re: First question. Side note: I would also probably have fallen for this as I wouldnt really be expecting a difficult question. Only after thinking about it would I get the right answer. And generally Ill follow my gut unless it actually matters.
I immediately paused and did the math. For half a second felt proud but then knew that I was about to be owned
Oh no, I solved the cream problem, I guess I'm a dumb dumb
The problem is nobody trusts the data anymore. Even sites like Wikipedia are biased.
I think a key difference between the two tests was left out. The answer for the skin cream is a single thing that is directly affected by skin cream, a rash. While for gun control, they were stating whether or not crime increased or decreased, not specifically gun related crime. I suspect that running the experiment that way would probably not change the data extremely, but I feel like saying "specifically gun related crime" would be at least an interesting ask to see what the result is, and if it changed the answer or logic from the participants.
I'm curious what would happen if you showed people the skin cream question, then whipped out the same chart, but it said gun control. lol Would they give a different answer than they just gave with the same numbers!? Well, I don't think they are actually analogous questions. There is a likihood of being a person for whom a rash will get worse and that concept does not compare to if crime happens to decrease. Does it? Does that matter?
but how many people were in the control groups? was it  equal? like 500 for both? if yes, then out of 500 people, 300 get better, 100 get worse and 100 stay the same for the group that used the cream. for the other group, 100 get better, 20 get worse BUT 380 still remain with their rashes. so knowing the probability of making the rash worse, I'd still choose the group that used the cream.
Excellent video.  It certainly gave me a lot to think about.
Trump signed a bill that makes it harder for legal immigrants to get into the country. MAGA: That's great! Actually no, it was Biden. MAGA: That's terrible!
that there is how to do a sponsor...
It's funny that people hold such a tie to politics even though we can visibly watch it destroy the human race as it is, and have a similar test like this proving it.
I've always had the view that politics is just tribalism. It's not about solving issues.
That’s quite a flawed test though — a skin rash is something that has a duration, and applying cream is an intervention that can change the duration; on the other hand, gun crime is just an event, and enacting gun control happens either before or after that event, not during. So gun control is not analogous to applying skin cream.   If I were given that data, I would be asking questions like ‘What exactly do these numbers represent? Are we counting something, or are we measuring something? Over what period?’ — in other words, it’s a nonsensical question that was put to people, and so obviously it got nonsensical results. Maybe the conclusion is true, but this test has not established that.
Be carefull with Ground News, they might eventually get a little bit bias to one side "wink, wink" it happened here in Argentina with a page called "Chequeado".
11:11 It's simple really. Looking at it from a different angle, we can probably all agree that the rises in temperature and frequency & severity of storms inherent in what's commonly called 'climate change' are not advantageous to anyone.  Therefore, it matters not who started it, it matters massively how and when it can be eradicated.  After all, you wouldn't look at the house next door engulfed in flames and do nothing about it because it's not your property and you don't know who started the fire. But you would do everything that was in your power to put it out. It doesn't even matter if your only reason for doing so is the purely selfish fear of it spreading to your place.  I didn't start it, It puts me in mortal peril, I have to fix it if I want to live!  Msg. ends.
St Louis mentions ----------->
Massive flaw in the study: It was presented to people as a real study, so of course smarter people who are more familiar with the data are going to use their background knowledge to inform their opinion. It should have been told to the participants that this wasn't a real study.
im so stupid i dont even know whats going on😭
Based on this data, the obvious solution is that we make everyone less capable at math.
Hurry up with thermite part 2
Answer regardless of party affiliation: Well these number lead to obvious conclusion, but I also know you restrict the parameters to get the numbers to say whatever you want.
So smart people don't know how proportionality works? What? Only if you count as "smart" the midwits with college degrees that blindly believe in what "The Science™" tells them, like we saw in 2020
I this a follow up on the one where you took an IQ test?
Is it just me to think that Google/ YouTube are flooding their services with too many ads?
I feel like there is a false equivalency between measurements of skin care impact on rashes in a clinical study, and two variables that are represented as results of real life outcomes. You can easily deduce that the study controls for confounding factors, as that is the primary purpose of the study. While conversely, for hot political topics, the purpose of presenting this data is more likely to be convincing people rather than informing them, which allows the contemplation of bias and other factors to spring up.
There was multiple people on the gun control swap saying "what if..." and giving justification for the gun crimes, even though the interviewer was clarifying "ok, but just looking at these numbers."   When you're this deep into being a bug brained r3tard, completely unaware of how groupthink affects you, the barrier of getting through to your intelligence, like the skin cream example, is thicker. Which is why they isolated for that variable as numeracy.  I think the coolest takeaway, although it needs more reliability, is that high numeracy conservatives were less likely to succumb to groupthink than high numeracy liberals on a relative scale. But on an absolute scale, high numeracy on either category yielded about the same % getting correct answer.  Conservatives are more variable in their groupthink; their dumbest followers are more sheep brained bug people than dumb liberals, but if you're intelligent, then you're just as likely as a liberal to be vulnerable to groupthink. It'd be cool to compare this to other ideological groups to determine which group is least sheepish.
It simply isn't a fair comparison.  Less rash or more rash is easy to test. More 'worse' crime or less crime? Now you've made *carrying* a gun a crime, of course crime would go up when it was legal before and people still have guns or them.  Or, maybe there are less violent or gruesome crimes now, but more petty theft or speeding or non-lethal crimes, increasing 'crime' numbers.  You can't put those two schematics on screen and say 'They're ExACtLy the same'
This man is going nuts like uploading video every freaking week
Skin cream problem question doesn't give enough information.  How many people were sampled for each test? If 1000 people with rashes were given skin cream and 223 people rashes got better while 75 people rashes got worse... the cream is 22.3% effective at treating rashes. 7.5% of the people who took the cream had their symptoms get worse.  If 300 people are taking the cream and 223 rashes got better while 73 got worse... the cream is 77.6% effective at treating rashes. Of the people with rashes that took the cream, 24.3% of them got worse.  If you compare it to the control for 1000, rashes of 10.7% improved while 2.1% of them worsened. If the sample size is 300, then 35.6% improved while 7% worsened.  The numbers change ALOT depending on the sample size.  For example... If the sample size was 1,000,000... effect of both creams are negligible at best and the difference can just be attributed to standard deviation.  Also,  what about the people sampled? Are they people that tend to have rashes often?  How would you define the rash "improving"? Less rash = improvement? What if the cream causes half the rashes to go away but makes the other half more itchy? What kind of rash is it? Do they all have the same kind of rash? Couldn't there be variations on the type of rash in the control group vs the people with rash in the test group?  What region are these people taken from? What if the location that you place the lotion matters?  The question doesn't provide enough information. It is unanswerable.
I wish you'd have shown the gun control scenario first so we could have partaken in the experiment and seen if our biases would have affected our answers.
The problem is that republicans make everything political. Like climate change. It's a hard fact, an objective reality that affects everyone and has nothing to do with the way people want to organize society. Why is it considered a political issue? Because republicans insisted that it was one. That someone trying to address the biggest challenge that humanity is facing and could possibly end us all, was a conspiracy to impose a collectivist economy. Same with vaccines. Vaccines, and basic medicine in general, has nothing political about it. Republicans made it political when Covid struck. You CAN'T avoid political topics because republicans don't care if you do. Whatever you talk about, they will find a way to make it political, so they can have a reason to disagree with you, so they can have a reason to accuse you of some made-up nefarious intent, so they can keep dividing society.
This video also perfectly show how important it is to present data in the correct way.  Otherwise the most correct data in the world can be interpreted as the opposite of what it shows
8:00 minutes in: this seems like Clickbait. I'm disappointed, Veritasium.  What the data shows is not that "being smarter makes you dumber" in this example. Just that the effects of being smarter diminish to a 0. It does NOT _negavitvely_ affect you.
You can send in the psych department after people got their hot-button issue wrong: how many people would see that they are wrong when pointed at their mistake? I would have loved to see if I fell for it myself.
I would like to add that negativity bias may also exist where for example High crime rates may be seen as bad regardless of proportional thinking or the same about the cream
Reference to scout mindset from Julia Galef would have fit perfectly!
Isn't concluding increased numeracy increases polarization a bit wrong? It seems that numeracy just doesn't matter for political issues.
what the hell is all this XAIsomthing comments?
interesting video
Is this is a US-centric problem? I'm just curious why you only interviewed Americans for this (yes, I realise it's election time, but the question is still valid).
or their test for figuring out who is "smarter" is not accurate.  or you have just rediscovered that just because you are "smart" it doesn't mean you know everything, or are great at everything.
How much of this comes from distrust of sources with false info which are often said about a particular political viewpoint.  We are all on guard about the data when it's possible it may have been cherry picked to support a political agenda.  I know a lot of false info gets said by extremists in the name of politics.  Further, few people may feel they have skin in the game about whether a skin cream works, and aren't as interested in determining what factors the study took into account, as it's also a bit simpler.  Where as with a topic like gun control or other more complex topic where we know there are many factors we are going to question it more especially when it is contrary to the things we've seen before, and could be cherry picked and have more factors.
we should be governed by an AI
5:10 luccely I go with nummers because my poltical orriantation is messed up
Shouldn't quality questions yeild better answers and not more questions?
10:46 - "avoid partisan rhetoric [like] climate change", a term which was already an attempt to be less "partisan" than "global warming"   avoiding "partisan rhetoric" doesn't work when the opposition routinely calls basic facts "partisan"
4:42 tell that to Skub.
Decided to intentionally give wrong answer to look smarter, the answer happened to be correct...
Many more people listen to my views and consider their validity when I give them respect and hear them out. Nothing good happens or changes when you disrespect the person you’re talking to.
Really really good content.  Very impressive.
Where's the study where gun control leads to tyranny?
I'm a pharmacist and in the cream question, my answer was "we need a sub-group analysis because it looks like there's some trait that may help some but worsen things for others." Man, I hate how current drug research has conditioned that sort of response in me haha
I think one big problem that is not addressed here- and I'm not even sure how to address it- is exposure to p-hacked or cherry picked data.  Using the gun control example, there has been a long standing debate as to whether studies that specifically study gun violence are accurate or P-hacked because they do not measure overall rates for homicide or violent crime, and there are constantly new studies coming out and being discussed on the news about this subject.  Here is a proposed control:  Take two groups A and B, show them a different bogus study for skin cream every month for a year. Always show group A fake results in favor of skin cream, and always show group B fake results opposed to skin cream. Always give them a reason why or how the results are doctored.  Then, after a year repeat the questions in the original study using skin cream.  My hypothesis is that groups A and B will demonstrate results consistent with political questions from the original study when answering questions about skin cream, and the control group will remain unchanged.
Says she’s completely rational while wearing a MAGA hat, sure
Quantifying how tribal politics decrease rationality in even the smartest people. Also this does also extend to Academics. People are far more critical of new theories and ideas when it threatens their viewpoint and academic work.
Very interesting, just before D-Day
Humans, the most stupid of the apes.... the only ones able to lie to themselves...
I don't think we need to try to get rid of Tribal Thinking Because my Tribe is Based and Epic, And my Enemies' Tribe is Cringe and Gay.
the centrist is saying all sides are equal no side is better than the other you are a coward sir. no values one side faces the facts the other denys them BE BETTTER! Pick your side and stand and advoked for it you can heal the devide after the election before you fight.
Wonderful bait. I loved every bit of it, no irony  Even Veritassium has been touched by this election
Didn't expect this video to turn political but definitely learned some things while also not being surprised that people think tribally lol
Help g,,,za video is really bad please change it  By the way I don't think you're trying to help
DO NOT LISTEN TO THE BOTS
gj with your political editorial . if I want to hear political ideology i would  want a news network. unsubscribed
Two facts: a - Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others. b - Democracy  is the dictatorship of the masses, and the masses are usually dumb. This is so much like the 7 bridges problem.
100 something x 2 is 200 something meanwhile 20 something x 3 is 60-70 something   How could anyone “good at math” get that wrong? It sounds like below average at best, like I expect any engineer, scientist etc to be able to immediately identify the proportion. Instantly.   The methodology and mechanism explained for the results don’t make sense to me  Maybe if they were only given 5 seconds to answer it would be right but I’m sure some super bright person would be able to do it anyway so there would be a cutoff for the most intelligent people.   My guess is the sample was of ONLY average skilled people, they should’ve pre-selected for at least some very IQ, mathematically oriented people, maybe people with autism, etc and either made a separate group, replicate the experiment including them or randomize them into the other groups   Since higher IQ becomes increasingly unlikely to be part of a randomized sample selection, do we have any data of the distribution of IQ or other metrics of intelligence like math-specific abilities?   Maybe they could hire a second team of researchers to pre-select and distribute the IQ or math quotient for both groups to resemble a normal distribution that reflects general population while keeping the lead research team in the blind about it
Whats with all the spam bots posting about "Xai760k"? So random
If i was given a Green arrow going Up Crime Improved and a red arrow going down Crime Worsened, I would have no idea which side is the one i want.  Green: So the Situation is Better? Arrow Up: Situation is Better or Crimes go Up? Crime Improved: The Crime Situation got better so crimes go down? Or Does it Mean Crimes go Up? I dont Know how it was in the Original Study but this Table is a Trap not a Question.
Believing something to fit in the tribe is rational!!!!!??????? Have you changed the definition of rationality to fit in your tribe? Calculation is not rationality!
the problem here is youre performing the study on Americans.
Hold up. The skin cream made the rash better on average as it improved for more people than it worsened. Although it is more likely to have improved without the skin cream, the proportional reasoning argument is invalid because of the way the question is phrased.
Are all the comments mentioning "XAI760K" bot comments? I see 5 with 1000s of upvotes across them and they were all made at roughly the same time. This string of characters leads to a NFT website on Google search. Looks very sus to me.
Why the hell would a cream help a skin rash? The problem is an internal infection. Topical are a scam. You are a fraud.
What is the distribution of numerancy? Cause i see a dip around the middle, if the distribution is a bell curve, the most problematic people are the people with the biggest amount of representation
There actually is a magic bullet for a lot of this stuff, namely we shift to a proportional parliament instead of a two party state. When politics is polarized around 4-5 parties then there is a lot more space for reasoned consideration instead of everything being jammed into a binary us-vs-them dynamic.
Either I'm missing out on something or this study isn't that high of a quality. By presenting crime rates as these vague units that can't be easily projected into the real world(unlike patients with or without skin rash) you're introducing a plausible error that really makes your data not trustworthy and basically creates a playground where people can push for their beliefs. Basically we get "yeah this doesn't make much sense but it goes along with my beliefs so I'll support it" or "this could be wrong so unless I get concrete proof I'm right"
so this study discovered confirmation bias and the fact that a lot of humans willfully or accidentally do not use logic and facts when making decisions about controversial topics. What exactly is the new insight here? LoL
I got the answer right 😢
I don't think you understand the definition of rational over there at veritasium. You talk about people being diluted by their political party still in fact being highly rational. But you can rationalize anything you f****** want. It's when you start thinking logically that you start to become accurate with correct analysis. Rational thinking sounds right what logical thinking is right
I would not trust the numbers without knowing the source anyway. Regardless if they supported or were against my beliefs. Too much false info everywhere.
If you flip your graphs upside down 11:48 has another reveal that might be missed right side up
First define what being smart is.
the gun control example sucks. what does improve  crime even mean.
I often see that the biggest polarization is present in the representatives. While the followers may not be so different, they project the leader’s image on the followers
This is the kind of topic & video that makes this channel my favorite. Excellent 👌🏼
veritasm went full tard
veritasium discovers bias
I actually had same thing happening when debating people. When debating various topics to seemingly reasonable people, they get pretty upset when when you start showing numbers showing the opposite of what they think. I think it's most closely seen with police brutality cases and people who I would have very good discussions about climate change and AI, will flip out when they find out only 30 unarmed black men get shot every year.
I think the answer you provide for the first question is wrong. Let me explain.  There is obviously an unknown number of people with neutral outcome. It does not matter how big the groups are, just that the sample size of each group are the same. The numbers tell us, that from the first group 107 people would get better anyway, and 21 would get worse anyway. Therefore, actual change that happened by using the cream was +116 getting better, and +54 getting worse respectively. This means that the actual ratio of change in outcome for neutrals is 116:54 in favor of improvement, which is a bit more than 2:1. Therefore, if you used the cream, both your chances of getting better OR worse increased, however overall, the chance of getting better increased by twice as much compared to the increase of the risk.  Its like if you buy something for 10 and sell for a 100, and after that you buy for 10 and sell for 20. Even if the second trade is not as good as the first, you are still better off doing both than just the first. Even if the overall ratio of profit to investment is lower, the total gain in the end is higher, so you should still do both.  Only way your math works, is if the groups are of different sizes, and nobody had unchanged-neutral outcome. But that kind of research feels illogical to me, its more of a "gotcha" than actual interesting research.
Data for swing voters would be intriguing.
I have no tribe - now what do I blame for being stupid?
The intelligence bell curve memes were right all along
Cognitively, I’m not sure humans categorise impact on people in the same way as impact on cities.
I'm sorry, but if a person's opinion on a subject is swayed by one guy with a laminated sheet of paper, I wouldn't necessarily call them rational.
I think the way to reduce polarization is to focus less on what people believe and more on the underlying philosophy behind the views of the group.  If you can get down to the assumptions each side makes about people and the world around them you will actually find that what people believe is the logical conclusion of those assumptions.  If you want people to be open minded (including yourself) talking about those assumptions directly and in good faith is the only real way to do so.  Even if people don’t change their mind they at least start to understand why the other side believes what they believe so they are less likely to assume bad faith on the part of their opponents.
The concavity around people with the worst "numeracy" is hilarious, because it implies that with just an incling of numerical understanding, you actually make yourself do worse than you would just by random chance 😂 2:59
I'm doing these and answering them before I see the answer... I think I've got the first one nailed. The cream actually made the rash worse at a greater rate (about 1/3) than the control (less than 1/4).
Reminds me of the Monty Hall problem, where even famous Statisticians got it wrong. Sometimes, even intelligent people can be led astray.
Alternative title: less invested people more likely to change beliefs based on made-up-studies.
6:43 That rationalisation just hurts my brain. How on earth can you apply different reasoning to both sides of the same data? Look, I try not to be judgmental in these videos, but my god the humanity is doomed.
There’s a few different meanings of the word “rational”.   One is using logic and facts to come to a consistent conclusion based on truth. This is the usual definition we think of. This could be called philosophical rationality.  The other comes from economic literature. A rational human in the economic sense is one who pursues their self interest and doesn’t sabotage themself.  I think there are many more people who are rational economically than are rational philosophically. I think it can be important to remember that even if someone is supporting something that isn’t 100% true, they’re just trying to act in their best self interest.
10:11 ...why do i feel those similiraties can be amounted to stupidity and self-preservation over rationality? not exactly a particularly uplifting teaching...
awesome vid, as always.
I think the first question is made that it tricks you into thinking that there is a third group called "rash stays the same". Poorly constructed question in my opinion.
Totally biased: opinion It Is not the se thing that numeracy. Numeracy Is a kind if behavior, nothing to do with opinions
Get rid of the parties!
Participants are bayesian thinkers 😂. They dont forget their priors
SO MATH DOOOOOOOOEEES HELP!!!
The moral of the story: politics corrupts everything it touches
Polarizing will never stop. Neither will media bias and misinformation in the name of political ideology. It is better to deal with it's consequences than to try to quench it. Because that's a losing battle. I can only hope people actually do look at FACTS, not what they BELIEVE is factual. Sadly that happens every single second on the internet.
I feel like this just shows how people will do whatever they can to justify their position. Even if it means being completely irrational. The wanton willingness to toss out data in favor of an agenda (usually profit) really sucks. But even with this, you can show facts that are true and still convince people of either side of an issue
"One is avoiding partisan rhetoric" "No buzzwords that could trigger anyone into tribal thinking." Comment section: 🗳🇺🇸 🐘💥🫏 🇺🇸 🔫😡
wait is climate change being real actually considered to be a political statement in america? wtf haha i can understand gun control but come on u guys are in the united nations i thought very funny
Pretentious title.
So smirk in the end 😂❤
I'm definitely of the 'science curious' mindset. I've often perturbed people on either side of the political spectrum with things I've said.  This was a very enlightening video, and I agree with the notion that we as a species could accomplish so much more if we could get passed the tribal divides.
I think a big difference between the cream example and the gun control example is how abstract the question is framed. For the cream it is just a maths problem, but for gun control it is a question where there are preconceived notions that prevent the person from interpreting the data, or even really looking at it, expecting the data to reflect their personal beliefs.
The issue is that I literally cant understand what the second table is supposed to mean. Is the number a count of cities or crimes? If its cities, is the default scenario that guns were allowed? In that case, how did crimes improve or worsen when there was no change? Is the study saying there were 300 cities that had no guns and just changed a law to allow them vs 130 cities that had guns and just changed a law to disallow them? Or  if its # of crimes, then what is an "improved crime"? It's not like saying "my skin cleared up", it would have to be some comparison of crime stats before and after a change in policy. Just a terribly written graph and unclear numbers. Of course nobody was able to use numeracy skills there.
So long story short, political bias will influence the way you read data.
Good video, but I wish the later questions had been asked before we were told what was being looked for, that way we could see what our natural response would be Also, hard numbers can still be biased (sampling bias, for example), so the "right answer" may not be right. So 11:01 "constructive solutions that make sense given the data" could actually be a pitfall. EDIT: Just want to be clear, I'm not saying to disregard data, just that it's not holistic or final
So am I dumb because I saw the proportional reasoning before you pointed it out? I need to know. Is my life a lie?!
please tell me all the participants were informed that the studies were fictitious after they were presented the data. you may have mentioned it in the video, but i missed it
Hey Derek, I'd be curious to know how your handy interviewer approached individuals with the second version of the experiment. Not that I at all doubt your research integrity, but circumstance and approach would certainly affect how someone might respond to it.
They feed this polarization on purpose.
You are a fool if you let one study flip your beliefs. Data doesn't come out of nowhere, it can be generated and presented with agendas. So having at least some resistance to falling for data if it contradicts your worldview is a good thing. It's more rational to believe your worldview is what it is for a reason than to constantly fluctuate back and forth depending on what study someone puts in front of you.
People want to see the truth they believe in. Numbers don't matter.
It's impossible not to cringe at literally everyone's reasoning behind their answers. I think this video's data is quite tinted by the type of people who are willing to answer seemingly intellectual questions on camera.
I think its kind of funny to treat these questions as the same. To me, the researcher's willingness to treat these kind of questions as the same kind of thing is more interesting, to me. On the participants, perhaps interesting how their willingness to just take the stats 101 approach for granted changes with different contexts.
Holy hell so many XAI760K bots
if one thing we should all take from this is that we are all biased and that being aware of being biased could help us in the moments where those biases might interfere with our judgement.  but it is also true that convincing ourselves that we are maybe wrong is a tad more difficult because we tend to accept data if we somehow can validate it. so a random person showing up saying “this is not like that” takes a lot more mental effort to accept because as humans we tend to think that we are smarter than anyone else (and the less its real the more strong that beleief is)  be aware of your bias and do a double check on numbers before you draw conclusions. and actually keep an open mind.   said all that: i am not a huge fan of masking issues and skirt around emotions. for example the climate change vs rising sealevel issue: there is a difference between tackling the root cause and handling the symptoms  rising sea levels only need taller and taller walls… but that is not sustainable and doesnt really fixes the issue: its like taking painkillers because you have a headache because of your high blood pressure… sure it might reduce the pain a bit… but…  on the other hand: we can talk about how to slow down climate change without putting blame on ourselves; and i tried it many times before; even if it is not our fault; cleaner air and water is in our interests regardless of whether we think cars and pollution is a factor in climate change (as in reducing emissions will result in fresher and cleaner air regardless - and if it helps with the climate crisis then its a bonus … or at least it should be… but when the otherside doesnt agree even with the basics; you can soften the tone to whatever … you might end up grudgingly agreeing on mitigating the symptoms… but not solving the actual problems)  rant over :)
yeah the Democrats leadership claim to be open minded people,  meaning their constituent are easy to fool since they work and they are tire and don't have enough time to  learn all the detail in politics so they rely on open source for guidance...  conservative are distrusting of any guidance, so they take more time evaluation the situation they take more time trying to figure it out what would best benefits create the best outcomes...usually conservative have more time to do that they work is not so demanding on them physically or  mentally so it can be done...but 3 other groups of people are dismissed. they might be the smallest group but they do have an impact on politics in leadership...this topic is too large to discuss briefly...
I was like I'm smart and i can get this right. Immediately got it wrong 😂
Shocker, strong feelings make you irrational
This seems like one of the most egregiously half-baked videos from this channel.    You’ve almost aggressively avoided the fact that people, arguably especially those exposed to numbers more often, have been seeing numbers in increasingly bent and misleading ways.   The conclusion that they’re deluding themselves because they’re apprehensive about accepting the literally simulated data on issues important to them… wild. Absolutely wild.   I find it interesting that you didn’t use actual data on the topics, and left it open to discuss the actual sources for that data.    Without doing so, it seems like you yourself have come to a conclusion and come up with an experiment that demonstrates that conclusion nicely.   If you were to do that experiment, it would be interesting to find out what it takes for people to change their minds, if anything.
So what you're saying is that I'm dumb because I got it right edit: nvm its about politics and sociology
Forgive me if this is misunderstanding... Doesn't the cream both make it better for a population AND worse for another population? That data tells me that it's effective for some, but will worsen symptoms (have side effects) for others. So to my eyes, that data suggests that there are other factors at play that will determine whether the cream will help or hurt your situation, and would need further study to understand what people the rash cream will help, and what people it will hurt.
Wtf is with all these bots in the comments? Starting to believe the dead internet theory..
This sounds like a german folk tale.
Let’s go Trump ❤
this is the exact point where "isolated study" becomes something that is NOT taken as "isolated study". you can agree that the study says something, and disagree that the study is correct or was done correctly, which is what I think had happened here. especially with the method of the study changing from lab experiments to crime statistics, the former being a highly controlled environment with low margins of error while the other is marred with statistical error margins that often eclipse the sample size by a sizable factor.  with that, people are often biased to pool from intuition and prior experience instead of the currently provided information as it is deemed "useless", which is what likely happened here.(the actual information provided to the people hearing about the study was useless as analysis of crime statistics require a LOT more than "got better" and "got worse" graph)
5:40 He's saying the picture on the left decreased crime, but it shows that more crime increased relatively more where there was gun control, just like the rash increased when they applied creme. So either he made a mistake or I'm not following anymore.  Oh I get it now it's not the number of crimes, but cities in which either crime increased or decreased.
Bear Down! Love you went to U of A!
Hum, that just proved conservative people aren't smart... That's not big news...
You can have political systems that are less polarising and then people will also tend to less tribalism.
Not sure if this a repost but I know this study a long time too. A lot of the content recently I heard here and there but he always try to add something more to it. Back then the study inspired me to do some ML/AI stuff to sanity check my own believes. Can't say something definitv came out of it while simple models said it definitv possible it also unveiled a poor data base from wich only 60 years are usable for training
i look at beliefs like inertia, the stronger it is the more it takes to change it...that's confirmation bias.  if i come to you and i show you a study that says the earth is flat are you just gonna accept that? no you are gonna scrutinize it more than if i gave you a study showing the earth is round, because one is consistent with what you already believe and the other is not.  and i don't think this is a bad thing, i think beliefs SHOULD have inertia, without that you are going to be blown around like a paper bag on the wind, believing whatever the last person told you.   sure this means some people are harder to convince than others, some people's beliefs are so light you can stop em with your hand, while others will just roll right over you, but like slowing an asteroid with an ion drive, a little bit, consistently, over a long enough time can make a huge difference.
My workaround is to simply ignore politics.
Waiting for deltas=0 for Quantum Mechanics!
Dumb click bait
honestly both an incredible study and an obvious one. when i told my mom "politics is making people dumber" she just said "obviously" which signifies the severety of this problem.
I can’t believe you made a video on this I’ve always for years mentioned this and I’ve even notice you do it but I see you have admitted you have done it before.
What do you do when the people collecting the data, present and report it in an inconsistent or misleading manner? People complain that Covid was made into a political issue, but how can it not be when the agencies in charge "fudge" the numbers and present faulty data?
statistics is not science. it is a tool, poor tool, if ask a Palestinian.
The conclusions you drew here from the study feel very dishonest. Imagine a person comes up to you on the street with a vague study about a thing that contradicts something you hold to be true. You’re not going to be skeptical about that at all? Even people that are open to changing their mind in light of evidence aren’t going to take anything a stranger tells them at face value, especially in today’s political climate, and that’s a good thing! Most of the time it seems to me that they’re explaining the reasoning that they would expect to see portrayed in the data, then when asked for an answer they just picked something. They’re not getting the question wrong, they’re just not interacting with it.
this is cool
Guns + skin cream divided by politics = a full grown orange Oompa Loompa  in the White house
I paused the video when you showed the numbers because I knew that we're likely to get the answer wrong and so needed to study it a bit. But, I still got it wrong because I was thinking about if both studies had the same number of people, but then duh, this is implying that it is either better or worse; so, it shows the numbers if we can add. But then, is that wrong and some of the people aren't listed because there are people who stayed exactly the same? All of that matters to be able to compare the numbers. Also, it doesn't matter if the proportion of better to worse is worse in the treated group if the number who got worse is tiny because that's saying that you're unlikely to be in that group. So, let's say that for the vast majority of people, the treatment makes them better, but a tiny proportion of people are allergic and thus they will get worse. So, no one gets worse in the untreated group and some get worse in the treated group. Still, being ignorant to whether you're allergic or not, you're better off getting the treatment because you're highly likely to improve. This is why getting vaccinated is better for most people vs. not. It can cause problems for some people, problems which won't happen without the vaccination. But, it is vastly more likely to prevent a bad problem which can happen without it. Right?
There was SO MUCH MORE discussion about the actual numerical figures in the skin cream version than in the gun control version!
When it becomes political people are more likely to look for extraneous variables to fit their ideology
This why people who immediately press a stamp as Left, right, socialist, fascist, etc on stuff  are so stupid. They go any numbers and evidence out of the way immediately.
Feel like a rushed video to dabble on politics
bruh if you ask a problem where everone knows you cant break it down to just numbers, they wont present a conclusion just on numbers, especially in a climate where everyone argues with "its common sense, look at bigger and smaller number"  i get your point, but to me it just shows how people distrust random statistics because they once got mislead or know its so dependend on who paid for it (keyword being p-hacking but there are infinite methods to get the result you want)
I feel like polling ppl on something they CAN'T have knowledge on vs polling them on something they LIKELY have knowledge on is not gonna give you two data set that can or should be compared.  I may be missing something though? 🤷‍♂️
What on earth is going on in these comments? Spam with this same meaningless a "X*******" over and over???
3:45 I have a degree in applied math with a focus on Statistics. The woman saying that she would need to know more about the skin cream and the skin condition was correct. The reason is that there could be some outlying factor that influenced the outcome. For example, what if the skin cream worked but while it was healing, it made the skin itchy and as a result, people would pick at their rash thus having a worse outcome. What if, the skin cream amplified UV ray damage and that in order for it to work, people had to remain out of the sun.   I guess, an argument could be made that with limited information, one should just judge the outcome on the limits of that information. We are, however living in a world with infinite conditions that may apply to any specific situation.
What a bs study. Not even talking about the weird wording "Crime improved" and "Crime worsened", how can a controlled study with a specific number of participants (skin cream) where proportionality can be applied because it's controlled, be compared to an open study on a society where crime may come and go? It's not that it's impossible, but the mental reach for a person to have to apply proportionality to a scale that huge, is something I can't imagine being as easy as applying to something with like 500 participants.
Q1: the bottom has about a 5:1 improvement vs the top about 3:1 improvement. This is roughly a 13% difference over a sample of 130 (smaller sample is limiting) so i'd guess its inconclusive. You could actually do the statistical tests though to check
Can we go back to the skin cream, please? Why is it that taking a proportion approach would be the correct way to look at the data?  If i try to gauge if the effect of the cream is good or bad i need many things.  First, what does an improvement involve and what does a worsening involve Second, how good is improvement versus worsening  Is our ability to endure pain linear with how painful the health issue is? I think not. I expect to see a level of pain to be muted enough to be able to mostly ignore it. It's an annoying thing in the back of our mind. it can be moderate, we can't get rid of the feeling of being in pain but we can still work It can be extreme, we are pain. it's crippling.  if 75 people have a light pain and their health improves into complete recovery thanks to the cream can the cream be considered good if in the meantime there are 223 people who go from light pain to a mild one, or even a crippling one for a few? Even if the group control was showing worse result when it come to proportion, 107 cases worsening and 21 improving, isn't that very very bad that there are 116 worsening cases compared to no cream? (223-107) is that acceptable? why is this second case supposed to prove the cream is beneficial when compared to the no-cream group we have 116 worsening and only 54 cases of improvement (75-21), especially since worsening might be a worse evolution when it come to enduring it i don't get it.  Also what is the full size of the sample studied again? How many people total in the control group? and in the cream group? oh and how long would it take for a person whose rashes as worsened to recover? Doesn't that matter like a lot? if not only a person with a worsened rashes has more difficulty enduring it but it also greatly increase the time needed to recover naturally. Isn't each worsening case way heavier than a case of improvement?  i just have so many questions. it seems to me that the second case offer about half in improvement what it cause in worsening. And if i'm correct and a worsening case is a twice heavier result then the cream in the second case is 4 time bader than it is gooder, a disaster.  What about the first case? We have 116 improvement this time but 56 worse case. if a worsening case is weight twice as much on the result than an improvement then the first case is 116 good versus 112 bad. Probably equivalent if take into account the noise. Why is the cream supposed to be bad in this case? i would rather say. Meh.  lets say it takes 2 weeks to either evolve into a improvement or a worsening. for every two week spend with a light rash we score 1 point of BIP (being in pain) For 2 weeks being in a moderate pain we score 4 BIP For 2 weeks being in a crippling pain we score 20 BIP  we have 1000 people with a light rash in the cream sample. we apply the cream, first iteration. we are now with 75 moderate rash and 702 light rash and 1000 BIP *second iteration we score 702 + 300 BIP  for a total of 2002 BIP. we still have about one quarter whose rash improve and 75/1000 whose rash worsen. of the 75 with moderate rash we now have 5 that have a crippling rash and 19 who are back to having light rash. Among the 702 with light rash 175 make a full recovery and 57 have their rash worsening to moderate. We now have 546 light rash, 108 moderate and 5 crippling. *next iteration. BIP scored is 546+432+100=1076  Total  3078 a quarter of the light rash recover that's 136 recovery. quarter of the moderate get better 27 are now light. 1crippling get better. 75/1000 get worse, that's 41 new moderate and 8 new crippling population is like this 546+27-125=448 light. 108+41-26=127 moderate. 12 crippling *next iteration. BIP scored is 461+4*127+12*20=461+508+240=1209 Total Bip is 4287 Quarter of light get better that's 461/4=115 Quarter of moderate get better that's 127/4=32 quarter of the crippling get better that's 3 75/1000 got worse 34 more moderate 9 more crippling Population review: 461+32-115=   etc same we calculate the sample with no cream and compare the final BIP score. Need some excel pro to do this... too troublesome by hand.
You can't avoid partisan rhetoric. That is how we got here. Cowardice in the face of incompetence developing into malice.
"Avoid politically loaded terms, like gun control or climate change, and stick to local issues, such as policy to deal with sea level rise in florida, without reference to mans effect on the climate."  Yeah ok, but thats plain stupid. Because if you change terms, they become politically loaded (see climate change replacing global warming), and in the given example, the true solution has to be tackling the root causes of sea level rise, which is climate change. If youre avoiding the disease and treating only the symptom, thats a recipe for things getting worse, and your policies will be guaranteed to eventually fail.
I think bots are copying genuine comments from people, inserting their target keyword X......K and upvoting each other? What kind of manipulation is this? It's so sloppy it looks deliberate.
Enlightened centrism, a video
Yes, but how many jobs are created making the skin cream. The economy needs people to apply the cream whatever the effect.
Avoid buzzwords = change the phrasing: Force amplifier curtailment
My take is people might trust a controlled clinical trial (skin cream example) more than a “study” on crime where we’ve seen the data heavily vary depending on what group is doing the study.    For me personally, I’m skeptical of pretty much any study coming out to back up a political agenda (on both sides).     So yes, I’m probably in the camp of a high numerical aptitude with strong personal bias.  At least I can admit that.
It's not that you have to worry about holding partisan beliefs regardless of the evidence. You have to worry about random scientists coming up to you, shoving random numbers in your face, and lying about the numbers the enitire time. The scientist is saying, "Well here's evidence stating that your side was wrong." Meanwhile, the scientist is just straight up lying to you.
the cream more shows why we can’t trust intuition and superficial reasoning.
What exacly does numeracy mean?
I find that the problems in which the smarter (you think) you are, the worse you do: anything politicised. You know, covid, lockdowns, climate change, Trump, etc. Scientists are hopelessly lost when asked to make a decision on this topic, and very often they abandon reason altogether.
One of the biggest factors in the polarisation of people today is just how polarised the media is, and it makes sense... The majority of media companies live and die by AD revenue, so of course they need to keep up viewership - and the easiest way to do that is to make people angry, and the easiest way to do that (without damaging yourself in the process) is to polarise people against a strawman.  And then even that's just the rat race, the bread and circuses to distract people from how much they're being screwed over by the political elite from every side of the spectrum.
Love that Derek is not going for a "did you get the right answer?" moment in this video. Had we been confronted with our own polarization first (instead of our numeracy), the message would have sadly been lost of most of us
ofc they made this political 😔😔
came to know about this study from future iq
Smarter people don't do worse here, smart people can answer rationally, numeracy is not intelligence. Weak video, watched at 2x speed and still felt like it was a drag. I don't care about politics.
This is why I don't like politics that much.  Also Sometimes how you represent data can make people easily analyze what is happening.  That's why you see bar / line / pie chart/graph in different occasions.  Also writing it as fraction or proportion is also a representation of data.
isnt the question wrong to begin with? When the Rash improves, you are actually saying you get more rash?, but what you mean is your skin gets better and the rash decreases?
"No buzzwords that could trigget anyone into tribal thinking" Sadly this has been the liberal/left/democratic way of thinking for the past 15 years or so. And it stems from this platform, I mean youtube, as much as it does from others. And it affects the right wing side as well. Furthermore, Science can also be biased. Professors that lean towards a certain political side, mainly right wingers, are kicked out, defunded or shamed inside universities. The same goes for students. Data can also be faked, manipulated, defrauded or mislead. Many scandals have questioned the reliability of papers these days. Gina Carano in Harvard is one. The universities "world" is extremely skewed and biased. Most want just the grand paycheck they receive. They usually don't accept external criticisms.
What you believe is not what you say you believe. It is what your actions reveal. Basically, people lie constantly (mostly to themselves). And the biggest lie they are committed to is that they don't lie.
Great video, everybody should watch this and try harder to set aside their biased opinion and just look at and understand the data in front of them.
Cognitive bias at its best :)
Would be nice if we could build one another up instead of tearing each other down. Good research.
It just goes to show that we are all equally biased!
Oh great, more self doubt. That’s all I need!
Who wants their rash to get better or get worse? They both can sound the same - which is good for the rash that wants to continue to exist.
These are _not_ the "exact same" questions, because people know how rashes work. They usually get better by themselves after a few days - unless if you have an ongoing illness, in which case they might get worse. Either way, "change" is a baseline expectation, and everyone understands that in advance.  But the crime rate in a given city usually hovers around the same level from year to year, changing a tiny bit at the most. If we _don't_ pass any gun control laws, but we observe crime significantly increasing or decreasing, there would have to have been some other factor involved to cause the change. It's perfectly sensible to be suspicious that the numbers are baloney.
I've had people prove me wrong before. Eating crow is not fun. Also, there will be no speed limits on the Autobahn.
The skim cream question is poorly worded. The rash gets better for most people who use the cream and for most people who don't use the cream. So the cream makes the rash better than it was before. But an even higher proportion of the people who did not use the skin cream saw their rash get better than it was before. So given the choice between cream or no cream, no cream is more likely to result in the rash getting better (even though either is likely to result in the rash getting better than it was before). Another possible interpretation of the question is "which treatment results in the better expected outcome?" There is not enough information to answer that question. Perhaps no cream makes 80% of the rashes slightly better and 20% of them much worse but cream makes 70% of them much better and 30% of them a little worse.
charm of getting the question right faded in A Minute
Kinda feel like this video goes all over the place without getting to the point.
I have goals which I want achieved politically and one side supports these goals, the other does not, and supporting and promoting every talking point is the best way to get more votes.
Funny thought ... I saw the numbers and knew they were the same as before. But somehow the logic didn't come as quickly to me.
trump 2024
I got the wrong answer but for good reasons. I started adding the numbers to get the group size of both categories and realised that the numbers didn't match and the presentation was lacking one information. The ones for whom the cream or abscence there of made no difference. Rash was still there, neither improved nor worsened. Thing is any good study has the same amount of participants in the control than in the test group usually, for consistency. So if groups have AT LEAST 298 participants then the cream WAS efficient because 223 participants on 298 saw an improvement. And without cream it means that 170 people saw no improvement, 107 improved naturally and 21 got worse. So OBVIOUSLY the cream helped more people than the ones it made it worse for right, thing is it DID do somthing because even if you substract the numbers of people who naturally improved or got worse, you still have a substantial number of people who were better off on cream than without. But all of that is pure supposition because let's say that we have a lot more people in the study. Let's go for a 1000 per group. Then the difference between with or without becomes negligeable because for a lot of people it made no difference at all. Basically we're missing a key element for me to be able to give a proper answer.
I'm smart id get full marks on this
I think this video is one of the most important videoes for people to watch!! I definitely need to catch myself in lying about being open minded
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Are you telling me that *gulp* facts don’t care about my feelings?
As a non-American, I am so curious to know what's the distribution of Dems and Reps among the 16.6 milion viewers of Veritasium
Humans are barely capable of governing themselves and it makes things difficult but interesting
About a month ago a person got shot about 5 feet from me; the man was never found, the gun unknown legality, but if we buy more weapons there's will be more weapons available for crime. Decisions made in anger, drugged, or stolen. We don't know where the gun will end up. Sure you might use it for self defense and that's good but there will always be a chance that you or someone will use that gun.
Great, educational video! ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
8:00 I don't get what the point of these few slides is. The statements about global warming are polarizing, but the general scientific consensus also is. Those slides completely blur the line between having knowledge and just political bias. A person that bases their views on nonsense and doesn't change them when facing data that is backed by thousands of researchers is not equal to a person that originally based their view on rational and scientific thinking and now doesn't change it facing a single sheet of paper that is backed by nothing. Even when the maths for one example checks out.  If you are somewhat scientifically interested, you will have heard from thousands of scientists that global warming exists but only a view studies that say otherwise. This automatically makes one more doubtful of the data that says global warming doesn't exist regardless of how convincing you present these 4 numbers. If you asked me about global warming with data that says it does not exist, I could have still told you how to mathematically interpret the answer without immediately agreeing that the answer is correct. But I could have said that I'm not sure about the data, not that the maths is wrong.  This is totally reasonable, just like being "polarized" when your view is backed by scientific consensus.  Additionally, this assumes that Republicans and Democrats are just as likely to use actual science to back their claims, which I also don't believe.  I would have liked to actually see WHY and HOW people with a high numeracy score argued that the results are wrong. I doubt they said that the maths is incorrect, but rather the data.
How about we point out the fallacy of thinking both questions only differ in being political? The first one about skin creme shows changes, whereas "no changes" are undefined. There the relation between improvement and decline matters (x / y) - how many had an improvement compared to a decline. As of the gun control example the absolute differences matter (x - y) - how many crimes were added vs how many crimes were reduced. If you have +100 and -20, you have a net +80. If you have +300 and -150, you have a net +150. This is assuming gun ownership would increase the amount of crime AND decrease it simultaneously (or vice versa). Comparing this in varying cities would cause a misleading statistic unless stated... in that case the relations would be relevant again. Still, too vague.  And regarding the "political" part, this is about entertaining fictional scenarios vs reality. This is akin to "let's pretend eating tide pods improves health", and playing along can be considered foolish. People, especially nowadays, are too caught up in political matters, and that would ruin all sorts of tests like this.  I hope I proved to be advanced stupid with this.
I have a different take.  The cream appears to have some effect, as a higher percentage of users experienced improvement compared to non-users. However, the higher worsening rates for cream users indicate potential side effects.   Assuming that each group have same size here are two scenarios.   Scenario 1:  and  (468 Total  in each group)   In this scenario:   Used cream group:   Improved: 223   Worsened: 75   No Change: x = 170   Total N = 468    Didn't use cream group:   Improved: 107   Worsened: 21   No Change: y = 340   Total N = 468     Improvement Rates:   Used cream: 223 / 468 ≈ 47.65%   Didn't use cream: 107 / 468 ≈ 22.86%    Worsening Rates:   Used cream: 75 / 468 ≈ 16.03%   Didn't use cream: 21 / 468 ≈ 4.49%    No Change Rates:   Used cream: 170 / 468 ≈ 36.32%   Didn't use cream: 340 / 468 ≈ 72.65%    Inference for Scenario 1:   The improvement rate is higher for those who used the cream (47.65%) compared to those who didn’t (22.86%).   However, the worsening rate is also higher for those who used the cream (16.03%) compared to those who didn’t (4.49%).   A much higher percentage of people who didn't use the cream experienced no change (72.65%) compared to those who used it (36.32%).    This suggests that the cream has some effect, as a higher percentage of people saw improvement in the group that used the cream. However, it also appears to have potential side effects, as the worsening rate is also higher in the cream group. Overall, the cream seems somewhat effective but with potential risks.    ---   Scenario 2:  and  (Total 298 in each group)   In this scenario:   Used cream group:   Improved: 223   Worsened: 75   No Change: x = 0   Total N = 298    Didn't use cream group:   Improved: 107   Worsened: 21   No Change: y = 170   Total N = 298     Improvement Rates:   Used cream: 223 / 298 ≈ 74.83%   Didn't use cream: 107 / 298 ≈ 35.91%    Worsening Rates:   Used cream: 75 / 298 ≈ 25.17%   Didn't use cream: 21 / 298 ≈ 7.05%    No Change Rates:   Used cream: 0 / 298 = 0%   Didn't use cream: 170 / 298 ≈ 57.05%    Inference for Scenario 2:   The improvement rate for those who used the cream is much higher (74.83%) compared to those who didn’t use it (35.91%).   However, the worsening rate is also substantially higher for those who used the cream (25.17%) compared to those who didn’t (7.05%).   A large percentage of people who didn’t use the cream experienced no change (57.05%), while all participants in the cream group experienced either improvement or worsening (0% no change).    This scenario implies that the cream has a strong effect, as nearly all users saw either improvement or worsening, with very few remaining unaffected. However, the high worsening rate in the cream group indicates potential side effects.   Conclusion for Scenario 2: The cream is likely effective in prompting a change (whether improvement or worsening), with a higher chance of improvement. However, it also comes with a notable risk of worsening symptoms.    ---   Overall Summary   In both scenarios, the cream appears to have some effect, as a higher percentage of users experienced improvement compared to non-users. However, the higher worsening rates for cream users indicate potential side effects. The cream may be effective for some people, but it also poses a risk of adverse reactions.
that the discussion whether climate change is made by humans or not is still a question in the us is wild
This is why "the Left is more educated" shouldnt work on anyone
is this a bell curve episode?
This dovetails nicely with some of the newer practices in politics, specifically "Deep Canvasing" in which people who support a particular issue or candidate go door to door, not just to find out who the resident is supporting or why, but also to share why they are supporting their choice, specifically to share personal stories about what made them decide to support it. There is evidence that this sort of canvassing can actually change minds and persuade voters, because it humanizes the people holding the alternate side, making us see them as fellow citizens with deep lives. This not only softens any defense based on "Those others are horrible people trying to hurt good folks like us" but also serves to expand our tribe, allowing us to feel that changing our opinion is not going to cut us off from humanity writ large.
learned something new, thanks Derek! Nice video.
The great problem with data in politics is that it's SO EASY to manipulate studies.  Each side has a block of 'Institutes' that conduct studies where the study design virtually guarantees your outcome.  Minimum wage for example.  I saw a meta paper examining the state of economic studies on the minimum wage.  Sure enough they ALMOST divided perfectly into halves.  The ones that chose one methodology for trying to establish controls showed no effect of minimum wage on employment.  Those using a different method to control for other factors showed a substantial negative impact on hours worked.  I say ALMOST because there were two outliers that used the methodology that did not show effects, but those studies DID show small negative effects.  But generally, which methodology you chose ABSOLUTELY DICTATED your outcome.  Then, politicians from each side go on talking head shows and talk like the only studies that exist are the ones that agree with them.  And we've seen how this can happen even in hard science.  How many studies showed that [insert anything here] causes cancer?  And then you read the particulars and find out that they stuffed the mice full of 10x their body weight of that substance every day for months.  And that's before you get into p-hacking or outright fraud.  The entire anti-vax movement came out of a single study that was a dude just straight up lying about his data because he wanted to be able to sue the drug companies for big money.  He's ADMITTED in court that he lied about his data.  But the antivax movement remains strong.  So the term 'Studies show...' is the most overused starter phrase in politics.  And the most worthless.  And people know it, so they're RATIONALLY skeptical of the 'evidence'.  What's needed more than anything is better agreement BEFORE a 'study' is done on what are and are not valid methodologies.  There needs to be tighter peer review.  And any paper that doesn't go through peer review shouldn't be reported on.  No pre-print reporting.  Don't waste our time telling us what the National Institute of Pre-Determind Biased Outcomes concluded about the effect of abortion on crime or whatever.  But that doesn't sell ad impressions, does it?
a
asking anyone american and expecting a smart answer is a bias in this "study" anyway LOL
Actually you're wrong. You worded the question as if the same number of people were split betwen each group, meaning there was an unacounted number of peoole who had no change when they used the cream or not. When you account for them, using the cream did more good than harm.
My first instinct upon seeing those results was, "This is obviously a fake study because those numbers are ridiculously small." 3:1 with cream vs 5:1 without, was obvious at a glance, but with such small numbers that's also well within what I would consider a margin of error.
Gun control is a weird example: What's the unit of analysis? How is this plausibly randomized?  It's no excuse to get the wrong conclusion, but being skeptical of the evidence is more valid in that context.
My Answer(before seeing the video) : People tested with the cream = 298 No of people treated = 223 No of people with worsened rash = 75 Here, 74.8% of the people were treated, whereas 25.2% of people worsened.  People without the cream = 128 People treated = 107 People worsening = 21 Here, 83.6% of people were treated, 16.4% worsened. Conclusion, cream was worse than no cream.
It is because the question is poorly written, not because the question is hard.   They just suck at asking you what they want you to try and do.  Example; The line between skin cream experiment and control should be thickened and demarcated in some way.
"XAI760K" is a huge issue in the comment section. The bots are stealings comments and adding it at the end of their stolen comment.
I don't think the gun control study can directly be compared with the skin care study. The skin care is presented as a clinical trial, so the assumption is that it was controlled and the cream was the only factor that differed, which make people more likely to focus on the numbers. The gun control study is different in that it doesn't account for a number of outside factors, so people will be less likely to trust the numbers and more likely to let their conclusion be influenced by their believes, because they know the "study" is flawed and those numbers alone can't provide a definitive answer. For the study to be of any value, instead of gun control they should have picked a subject that is highly political, but can also be measured as accurately as a clinical study.
Damn, how are people so dumb? Pay attention in elementary math class
USA's problem : only have choice between 2 parties. What if you agree left on some subjects but lean right on others ? Sometimes there can be an in-between. It does not have to be everyone or nobody with a gun. In France we mostly cannot have guns, unless we go through some process in which we learn how to use correctly, together with psychology evaluation not to give weapon to unbalanced people.
What if the first study was omitting data such as the number of times rashes neither improved or worsened. What if those numbers were much higher.
this only works in america...
didn't ask one communist did ya
yeah my philosophy teacher taught me that lesson early on in the 101 phi class,,
It just sounds like they’re cherry picking
You missed libertarians. Jonathan Haidt (a lifelong Democrat) did this study and found that libertarians had on average higher IQ than Dems and Reps and also scored higher on these types of questions.
It's bad enough when politicians use loaded terms, but when legacy media and institutions that were once believed to be relatively unbiased start using such terms, no wonder trust erodes quickly.  These institutions are major drivers of division.
I think the issue is not that people turn off their reasoning when they think about politically loaded topics, the issue is that people don't trust the data that contradict their beliefs. If someone comes to me and says that the recent study proves that the Earth is flat, my first impulse would be to question that "study".
Just a warning for those who might not know: All of these posts with "XAI760K" *_ARE A SCAM_*
7:05 At 6 on the scale, literally zero Republicans saw through their bias , thats terrifying!
Uhm, yea...I got it wrong. yea, thats it. I got it wrong even after it was explained. That means I are smart, right?
Americas two party system is far from ideal...
I thought the video would be "Smarter people does worse than less smart people" But by the graphs, the smarte people still did a little better  Then, the title actually means that "smarter people does worse when this test is made this way, instead of that other way"
Ok, how do we define people being “smart”?  I have an associates, and I never did great at school. But I was tested and was show in to have a 155 IQ.   Being smart should not mean being educated. Being smart is relative.   I saw your initial test and I knew the answer immediately. Most people assume one thing based on expectations.   Bigger number is better, what they don't realize is that having over 3x worse on making it worse counters the virtually doubled doing better.
Dumb people getting the cream example wrong, thinking they must be the smart ones then...  Not realizing that wasn't the "test".  😏
as someone who studied math in college (math major),  you usually look at the ratio of people surveyed who responded to the questionnaire.  The sample size really doesn't matter here...
Neither of the creams made the rash worse, for the most part it got better with each.  I know that's not what you meant, but I didn't grasp that at first (probably, I'm extra stupid).
Those people aren’t smart, they just have higher numeracy score.
I aced it, but I've been working on confusion matrices recently
dude, you're literally doing a public service in this climate of misinformation and political divisiveness. I've been pondering political bias throughout this election cycle. I'm constantly dumfounded by how smart people can disagree on objective facts and stats. ofc I chalked it up to biases built upon other biases that are rooted in political ideology, on both sides, but this video is much more solid than my flimsy thoughts.  you (and the team) are awesome for coming up with this and executing it so well. thank you
There's some problems I have with this. For one - screen cream and rashes are much more directly correlated (or likely to be correlated). I.e. there is less likely to be confounding variables on screen rashes popping up as a reaction to skin cream than there are around something like "Did crime improve or worsen" which would have multiple confounding variables.
Nice video, but didn't like the "just so" social conformity story. Yes, smarter people are more effective at convincing themselves they're right. But what gets them "on the track" might more accurately be temperamental differences. And polarization might have a competitive evolutionary advantage, hence why it seems to naturally increase.  In previous times such groups might secede and then outperform the original group and replace it or get replaced - evolutionary processes would be able to take place. The current bottling up of such evolutionary pressures might create a bomb if they can't otherwise be resolved.
the we against them is a really harmfull ting and a big driver of separation
Yeah guys, I am interested in the reasoning behind some of the choices made when making that table. Specifically, why not just say "Less Crime"/"More Crime" as opposed to "Crime Improved"/"Crime Worsened". Those colored arrows are also confusing to me; 'down' arrow I think to most people intuitively says crime decreased, and 'up' increased but is used in the opposite sense here but uses the colors to attempt to make that clearer. It was also a bit confusing as a viewer when the 'No Gun Control'/'Gun Control' rows flipped from 4:56 to 5:43, and then back again at 5:49.  Apart from that, I appreciate what this video is saying.
Free Palestine
Great video. So, the key tradeoff is between being ostracized by your group and having a clear conscience.
This is an interesting study because of the way the two versions of the fictional study were presented.  In the skin cream version, the 2 pools represent those who DID or DID NOT use the skin cream and there is no room for interpretation.  In the gun control legislation version of the study, the 2 pools represnting cities that DID or DID NOT pass gun control legislation, each of the people polled skews the interpretation of the study.  It is conceiveable that some people considered the study to compare the presence of firearms, while others compared the presence of legislation (which does not necessarily dictate the presence of firearms, the same way speeding still exists in the presence of speed limits).  It seems to me that the pollee's interpretation of the gun control version of the study is not taken into account in the findings of numeracy vs politically weighted interpretation of the study.  It would have been interesting to have those statistics for a version of the study where it is not legislation but rather fictional cities where everyone DOES or DOES NOT carry a concealed weapon.  Thoughts or comments?  Thanks for the video, as always.
Wow, 14 minutes never feels so fast. Good job Derek
this is a very clear example of needing to take in all information without bias and adapt your bias to the information rather then adapting the info to meet your bias
Paused once the numbers showed.  Worse. Ratio of worse to better is larger on the cream users.
Shocking news: Humans have what is called "bias" 🤣
I feel like no one knows a thing about skin cream so it's just numbers but when it comes to things we know about there are "reasons" why the numbers are the numbers.
Still better to know more, but always take into account our human flaws!
Still better to know more, but always take into account our human flaws!
In the study on the gun control question, there are major problems with how the question was designed and asked. The table shows the number of cities that improved/worsened, not the total amount of crime, and there is no information given about significant confounding factors (such as legislation in cities neighboring each of the cities). Thus, the information provided in the hypothetical is not sufficient to draw the conclusion they expect.   For example, if you make guns illegal in a city surrounded by cities where they are legal and easy to obtain, then people from those cities would travel to the city where they are illegal, increasing the violent crime rate where they were made illegal and decreasing it where they are legal, and the statistics would make it appear that the gun ban increased the violent crime rate, when in fact it decreased it overall (because fewer criminals, such as burglars, who live in the city where guns were made illegal would decide to bring a gun to the scene of the crime).
The question in itself doesn't really give enough context, because correlation isn't causation. If the numbers given imply strict causation, then the question is strictly numerical.  Unfortunately in the real world, we're many times unable to infer strict causation in statistics.
I think you mostly skipped over an important point, which is that people already "know" a lot about gun control (or at least think they do).  For some made-up skin creme that nobody knows anything about, this one study is the only information they have to go on so of course their opinion would line up with the data as long as they have decent numeracy.  But for gun control a perfectly rational person should be applying Bayes' theorem to combine this new information with what they already know, and since this is just one study it should only shift their credences a small amount either way.  There are two missing question types I'd like to see added to the experiment: something people have experience with but that isn't politically charged and also something that feels politically charged but people don't know much about.  You could do the first by just replacing the skin creme with some real product that people use a lot, while the second would be tricker but you could maybe do a question about whether or not to ban a fake drug or something like that.    That doesn't explain people misinterpreting the study itself, but I'm not entirely convinced that is exactly what happened.  There are two separate questions to be asked here: "what does this particular study say in isolation?" and "what is your opinion on the subject after hearing about this study?".  I skimmed through the paper and it looks like they did not explicitly separate these questions out, so while the researchers obviously wanted the answer to the first question they probably got at least some people answering the second instead.  If your position is "this study shows one result, but based on my prior knowledge I disagree and think the opposite is true in reality." that would probably be hard for a lot of people to articulate clearly, much less boil down to the correct yes/no answer to put on a questionnaire or whatever.  The guy at 5:50 is a good example, he correctly interprets the numbers to mean that banning guns improved crime and even thinks that it was obvious, but then goes on to argue that we can't just ban guns based on that alone.  Since you were interviewing him and gave him time to talk he was able to express his opinion clearly but I could easily see someone like him checking the wrong box on a survey despite fully understanding the data, especially since his rebuttal will always be the last thing on his mind.  Of course there are also going to be people who just skim over the numbers and stop as soon as they find something that agrees with their preconceived notions, but I would expect those to mostly be the less numerate people while "smarter" people would be more prone to overthinking things instead...
1:00 well is using the cream correlated with having a wirse case?
Pretty sure you’re not asking the right people or maybe you’re only asking people that believe they know math but had little to no experience in DS or MLE role
The correct answer is obvious. It isn't a trick question, and it isn't complicated. The fact that anyone got that question wrong is worrisome, to say the least.
Here's numeracy quiz based on the statements of a very stable genius:  1) Given that sea levels have risen 4 inches over the last 30 years, is it likely that they will rise only 1/8 of an inch over the next 400 years?    2)  Will sea level rise increase or decrease the amount of oceanfront property?    What scares me is that he isn't even smart enough to come up with justifications for his biases that are not idiotic on their faces.
Proportional reasoning? I guess am not smart 🎉I 🤯
I feel like the question is just phrased poorly. The improvement side shows more improvement and more harm. Saying that it was worse is dependent on whether you feel it is better to make no change than it is to increase the variability in the results.   I also feel it is incorrect to compare the got worse group directly with the got better group, both should be compared to the entire sample set.
100%!!!!!
So it is not that their ideology is influencing their answer but their ideology is making them realize more potential problems within the data. The same problems that people can cite for gun control can also exist in the study such as incorrect data being counted, individual differences, etc.  However, when someone's ideology is challenged they are more likely to look at these potential problems more and state them.
I chuckled in this video. DUH... No seriously I have known about this for over 15 years. Why? Contrarian Investment and Behavioural Economics. There is an adage, we would rather be wrong in a group than right alone. The experiment they referenced were black and white.   They took a bunch of people many moons ago and said to them, "this is white" even though it was black. They included a crowd of people and without crowds to see the reaction. Interestingly people went against their own knowledge.   Meaning you can't reason, you can't work together or what have you. When you have a mob you have a mob. And people only change when they are forced to. Before that forget about it.
Was it only me with the supposition that Veritasium is a liberal, as they felt the need to explain why republicans think the way they do on gun control but not democrats.  Either way, good video.
There is nothing to do.  Tribal thinking is a feature of humans, and groups test theories that they hold dear to themselves as a group all the time.  There is nothing wrong with that.
I think the labels "crime improved" and "crime worsened" are inherently flawed compared to the rash case. When I look at the 4-square crime chart they present to the random people, all I see (incorrectly) are the total numbers of crimes, not the "crime worsened" and "crime improved". Maybe better labels would have been "cities where crime improved". So I can see how random people may have gotten confused with the numbers / labels, and instinctively fallen back on their political ideologies instead.
As an academic, we’re thought to look at data with a grain of salt, as not every data is equal because of many reasons like for example the political biases of the researchers, the founding that could influence the study findings, the fact that someone has a degree or Nobel doesn’t mean he/she knows everything and so on.  If we think something to be true  because of our political view, then the same view can be applied to other data and researches, it’s something similar to believing in a common ideology “just because” it’s almost the same reasoning we did in the past.
If numeracy also correlates with scientific literacy then it makes sense that this highly flawed fictitious study would raise concerns in numerate people if it did not match their perception of reality, i. e., the more outrageous the claim the higher the burden of proof.  In this case we have two treatments, gun control and no gun control but there are no actual controls for confounding factors, so the experiment is uncontrolled.  There are clearly strong trends in gun crime that are unreleated to the treatments because even in the null treatment there is at least a three fold change (either up or down depending on the table headings) .  Clearly there are very strong confounding factors at work and in the absence of even a graphical presentation of variability, one would have to be highly impressionable to put any weight on such a study.  The main thing this study confirms is that there are too many people doing studies who don't actually understand experimental design.
Speaking of being irrational, it's call "Trump Derangement Syndrome" for a reason lol. And before someone wants to be a reply guy and call me a trump supporter, I'm not but its hilarious to see liberals constantly losing their minds when confronted with facts.
I mean, that's kinda just Biases 101.
We are dum mobkeys
As a rule people adopt and change beliefs emotionally. Reason comes in after the fact to fabricate the necessary logical structure to uphold the network of beliefs they arrive at. Someone with greater intelligence can more proficiently rationalise their beliefs and are consequently harder to break through to. They are more able to come up with solid excuses to disregard inconvenient information, more able to engage in the creative abstractions necessary to justify the indefensible.
6:00 you mention a correct answer but don't even present the actual question that you asked.
If the Dems try to confiscate guns....we can see some new math on how many body bags are going to be needed, assuming you can fit three bodies of an average human carcass into a single size XL body bag...to that, they never, not ever admit YOU CAN NOT prove a negative.
If the Dems try to confiscate guns....we can see some new math on how many body bags are going to be needed, assuming you can fit three bodies of an average human carcass into a single size XL body bag...to that, they never, not ever admit YOU CAN NOT prove a negative.
A nice video, easier to follow than most of your recent ones
Bias is way more subconscious than I though
Do you dye your hair and/or beard? Thank You
Expand your tribe. The "other side" is not your enemy.
Facts don't care about your feelings: The video
The problem with these questions is that it's a false dichotomy. It's possible that a rash (or for that matter gun crime) is relatively unchanged by the experiment and if you included that third category, that could drastically alter the results.
There should be a voting test and this sort of question needs to be part of it.
Yeah right... Ask yourself which social class is going to be favorized in a world where we use science not to produce knowledge, but to depoliticize political issues.
I am stupid, therefore, I am correct.
I would like to see these tests with centrists as well:
what factors play a role in determining numeracy? demographic? socio-economic? Very curious
I’ve never been more proud to be an independent. I have no interest in being in either “tribe”.
you have to be cautious with smart people : they have a greater ability to find sophisticated reasoning to enforce their prejudice and they are more convincing
Aren't the "loaded terms" more often than not about problems that are bigger and lies ahead, rather than the problems today?  Things like gun control and climate change don't tackle todays problem. You won't be able to collect all guns in a day, just as you won't be able to affect todays weather. We're doing this for our kids and our kids' kids, no?
Now if you're actually smart, you would have done a 2-proportion Z test and found that the P-value is 0.976, meaning that there is no significant evidence showing that the rash cream helped with rashes. In fact, if we reverse this test testing if no cream helped rashes better than cream, we get a P-value of 0.024 (alpha = 0.05) showing that there is significant evidence to show that no cream helps rashes better than cream.
Calling yourself a Democrat or a Republican already removes you from the "smart" people category though. Both sides have positives and negatives. Pretty sure a smart person would remain partyless and look at the overall picture and individual issues.
Props to the comment section for not being political
So, the synopsis is that people on both sides are fundamentally similar when you exclude partisan politics?
This entire video contains no questions that smarter people do worse at. It only says people follow their political leaning - about the world's least surprising result.
Unfortunately, conflict sells. Our media feeds on conflict. The more polarized, the more conflict, the more sales. News outlets from both sides can take the identical study and twist it to make people make an emotional decision quickly. Our media is so toxic it is wild.
Video not about smart people, video about political people.
I'd love to know if this effect is any different in the US compared with other countries, given how divisive the media and politics seems over there.
better explained in "why facts dont change our minds" by James Clear
Big number means good, yo.
You can't just outlaw and take guns away from people. it's like drugs. Drugs famously never been outlawed and forcefully taken from people.
A smart person wouldn’t make that mistake maybe someone who thinks they are smart lol
I think rationality and intelligence aren't related. I think rationality is rare. I think there are highly intelligent people who are irrational and act on emotion. I think most people understand this when they say book smart and street smart. There are street people that will immediately reject a scam and smart people who will fall for it. There are rare individuals that have both, but for the most part, most people are emotional animals regardless of intelligence and the truly rational actually fall out of society. For example, Academia requires you follow a lot of rules that don't necessarily make sense. The government or blue collar makes you follow codes that aren't necessarily safer. A smart and rational person will find all of the rules of society an annoyance. The rational will be annoyed by the people around him that act on emotion. In the end, rational people general end up as loners.
Misleading thumbnail and title, though. Math helps, and one doesn't do worse _because_ they're smart... we just don't use our brains when something's political.
I finally got a question right on this channel!!... Wait
10:37 - someone somewhere said that us political spectrum is not on a line but a circle where extreme ends of both sides meet in the same place. I call it crazy cooky area. Sad that loud minority is swaying the whole system instead of moderate reasonable majority who are left with no good choice to make
Wasn’t this an obvious conclusion, we believe what we want to believe, most of times. Even for way smarter individuals, their interpretation of events and data is tied to their core believes. Having said that, I guess this is a “feature” from humans that make us create new things and break paradigms. Is so hard to only keep the good part of our traits
I think this study is clever, but ultimately hard to interpret.  If we use numeracy as a proxy for engagement or intelligence, then it is unsurprising that people who care about issues, and are educated enough to engage on issues will not accept that the numbers in this one example tell the whole story.  You are asking them to make a sweeping conclusion about causality detached from their experience of the world.  It does not make sense to throw away all your experience and knowledge to engage in abstract problem solving assignment unless you make it painfully clear that this an abstract problem solving exercise which has no bearing on reality and is only testing numeracy.
This video is a bit confusing.  5:35 we are shown gun control at 1st row, no gun control at 2nd row. And headers are Crime "Increased" and Crime "Decreased".  5:49 gun control at 2nd row, no gun control at 1st row. Then the headers are changed to Crime "Improved" and Crime "Worsened"  Does Crime "Improved" mean More crime, or Less crime? Was the person inverviewed smart or not? Am I smart for having a different answer?  I feel like this video is the experiment itselft and I'm part of the controlled group lol
"did the skin cream make the rash better or did it make it worse" well the control group did NOT apply a skin cream...Argh..  Akin to magicians, illusionists, statistioinists, lawers and politicians. Oh and Veritasiumists
"Crime worsened" and "crime improved" immediately made me realize the statistics would be worthless. Gun control doesn't affect crime in general, it affects gun crimes.
This is good stuff. Everyone would do better having this in the back of their mind.
Dear @Veritasium - how was the study made in original research? Asking because as a sociologyst i know that environment matters. Maybe in private, not in front of their collegues they might answer differently. Just asking
The problem is... gun control DOES contribute to decreased violence
I guess i'm an oddball. I was at a political meeting, the speaker said something false and stupid. The whole room stood and cheered, while I sat and booed.
"Smarter people get this wrong" *shows really simple stats question* Jeez, I must be low I Q.
How is "climate change" a loaded term or a buzzword ? This is wild.
10:12 The scary thing is that people don’t realize this as often as they should. Of course we’re all the same. If you’ve met 10 people you’ve met pretty much all of them, same as if you’ve met 10 cats you’ve met pretty much all of them.
Biases are usually fed not challenged. It's uncomfortable to disagree with oneself and try to find arguments against themselves but crucial to having based opinions and ideas. It takes time and effort to be correct
Unfortunately, there are people with a vested interest -- on "both" sides -- to increase polarization. It's a divide and conquer technique that benefit the ruling class at our expense.  As an anarchist, I have had to reevaluate my position on countless topics. I can safely say it's hard to give up long-held beliefs in the face of facts, especially when it comes at the cost of friends and family. But it gets easier over time.
You sent a person named Overstreet out On the Street? 😂
6:07 wait aren't drugs already illegal they should be taken away
You like to mention evolution a lot.  Seems to me there is valid dispution against what is sometimes dubbed as "macro-evolution" (different than observable evolution), or the idea that mutations + natural selection + a large amount of time results in the addition of new genetic structures that didn't previously exist in the genome.  There exists experimental evidence in plant genetic research that suggests mutations are actually detrimental to the genome on the whole rather than a mechanism by which new information can be produced.  I'd like to see a detailed video on this from you given you use the idea that we naturally evolved from lower-level lifeforms as a basis for many of your other conclusions.  There might be some forensic evidence like the fossil record, but the question becomes "what is the mechanism by which new genetic structures are introduced to the genome?".  If the answer comes to "we don't know", then all of your conclusions referencing macro-evolution are founded on this important assumption. I think this request is relevant to this video because macro-evolution is definitely the status quo and anyone who attempts to question it is ridiculed.  Are you willing to investigate the core of the counter-argument with an open mind?
11:42 I wonder whether the derivative of the probability of agree with regard towards the curiosity is a tool to deside on a given topic who is right. If people who generally hold contradictive beliefs agree (disagree) on something more the more knowledge of that topic they have, the more likely it is that what they think is indeed right (wrong). Poeple who are more intelligent can think of more arguments the opposite site has to argue against, and have higher standards regarding the reasoning process, which may expalin the negative correlation of the probability of agreement with higher intelligence.
Amazing, another contribution to human heritage :)
As somebody who is extremely non-polarized, I tend to lean only into evidence even if it pisses off both parties.
They try to justify their beliefs using logic
nOICe
What if my answer to the first (admittedly fictional) study was “I don’t have near enough information to know if the study was run well, or if there were other mitigating circumstances? Were there conflicts of interest? Was the control group given a placebo? Did you normalize for demographics and other behaviors?”
Wait, so you're saying "smarter people" go "big number big" instead of ratio?
Confirmation bias and overconfidence in people who are slightly above average intelligence will cause them to answer questions incorrectly?? Who knew…
The degree to which there is disagreement likely follows the number of elites in a society. Where there is a large gap between the rich and the average, or the elite's and the non-elites there is more distrust in institutions. Things like eliminating the wealth pump (read as excessive immigration), increasing the marginal tax rate on the super wealthy, and increasing the mobility of the middle class are all more likely to have an impact on our trust in institutions than individual behaviour changes.
question why is proportional math has the correct answer and not the numeracy in the cream question?
This is a fundamentally flawed experiment because with the gun control issue, one side is actually right. If you went around doing the skin cream experiment with people, but instead of Skin Cream you said “Vaseline” people would probably be more inclined from the jump to interpret the cream as being good, because they literally know that Vaseline is good. We know that gun control lowers crime, so of course people interpreting the data tend to jump to that conclusion immediately.
This issue isn't just with individual people. So much of the media and government is partisan these days and HIGHLY left leaning (they don't even try to hide it anymore). Case in point, let's not forget the rising crime rate mentioned in the video. Harris and the media kept deferring to the latest FBI crime stats KNOWING that they are incomplete and that a lot of it is based on estimates a thousand of LE agencies don't report statistics to the FBI or the way they report them is suspect (for instance, strangling somebody in CA is not a "violent" offense). Then let's not forget that the FBI quietly revised their violent crime statistics to show that violent crime HAD risen, which showed that Trump WAS correct all along while the media incessantly and knowingly "fact" checked him using bad information. Anybody with half a brain can tell you crime is not going down.
Ok but what does this have to do with being smart?
This video has been the ONLY appropriate political discussion before the election that I have yet seen. Thank you Derek for once again sharing your power of reasoning with the world. Here's to hoping our greater cortical thinking overtakes our primal urge to pick a tribe. I would also support a law that forces news media to acknowledge their biases and political affiliations at the top of an article (like the video's sponsor provides).
Was the decision to send Mr. Wylie Overstreet, to the streets, intentional?
Hey I got the question right.... wait a minute.
Thank god im retarded
I got it right? Am I stupid?....whom am I fooling of course I am
and people who question the relationship between gun rights and crimes like traffic violations and shop lifting?   if show you a study that says "78% of penguins can fly" does that change your opinion of whether penguins fly?
People are biased? Yes.
I'm confused though. Was the question presented as a real world study? Why wouldn't it be treated like a question in an exam, where the context for it is just window dressing for a simple maths problem?
This makes it seem like skepticism is a bad thing. Couldn't the "smarter" individuals be considering potential corruption? With all the recent ping-pong over the effectiveness of certain health measures, it feels naive to expect people to simply do the math and then, like robots, say, "I trust whatever the numbers say." It’s like saying, "This is true because I saw it on the internet."
Humans have reached this level that now we analyze behavior and choices that others make and judge them.
Twice as many people got better though 148 got better 85 got worse this just seems silly they are right imo no matter what reasoning you give
"we showed people fake studies and concluded that people didn't change their beliefs based on fake evidence." Shocking.
Technically ambiguous language is why phrases like "the temperature doubled" bug me.
we have to wait for the aliens....so humans are all in the same social group
I feel that a lot of comments are missing that a meaningful point of the video is that the title is missing the words "...than usual" or "...than expected."   The "high numeracy" people still typically do better than the rest, just not as well as they are EXPECTED to do.   When the video says "worse" it's in comparison to that demographic's EXPECTED outcome, not worse than the "lower numeracy" groups. The surprise is that by following intuition, "higher numeracy" respondents tend to perform comparably similarly to the "lower numeracy" respondents' results, in certain cases where their beliefs disagree with the presented information).
I can’t consider adults who went through education and still can’t estimate two ratios "smart". Math is objective; letting politics cloud your reasoning, like shown in the video, is a clear sign of lacking critical thinking.
Human beings, and indeed all mammals have an autonomic system called affective(emotional) empathy.  The way in which this system works, assuming that trauma hasn't inhibited or blocked this response.  Is that when we interact with another being, human, pet, or really any living thing.  Our emotions trend toward the emotional state of that other being, or interlocular if you prefer.  We literally give up how we are feeling in favor of matching the emotional state of whom we are interacting.  This carries over into our logic.  There is for example a certain wisdom in crowds.  If a restaurant is always busy, there is a reason for that.  Either the food is very tasty, or it is inexpensive to get a lot of food.  Maybe even both are true.  This, I think only reinforces the trend toward tribalism.  Those in 'our' group are safe, whereas, those in that other group could be predators.  So we tend to error on the side of caution.  Doing so increases our chances of survival. this year got actually saved by XAI760K
divide and rule, ever heard of it?
Honestly, I'm a pretty hard Republican, but I think this video is fantastic in shedding a light on the fact that both Republicans and Democrats are so set on their beliefs that we both will just contort data and reasoning to further perpetuate our beliefs. Honestly fantastic job. Pretty sure I'll speak for everybody when I say that our entire society, especially my generation is tired of being so one side versus the other sides you're wrong and you're right versus my wrong and my right. We are too advanced as a civilization to as petty as we are.
While we can possibly stick to our views facing data proving us otherwise that's mostly bc it's impossible to get the whole data from humanity, still there are a lot of data you don't need an institute for you to know like how many Americans fled US towards communist/socialist paradises like Cube, Venezuela and such.
Why did you label it 'crime improved' and 'crime worsened'? That seems so much more ambiguous than 'increased' and 'decreased' wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
@ the problem is that is purely reactive policy/action, which is the most expensive kind of action. To be proactive on something, you have to have agreement on causes and work to fix those. We've forgotten the old sayings of 'a stitch in time saves nine' and 'an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure'. We see the same thing these days with the Y2K issues we had. Since a bunch of companies spend massive amounts of time and money <b>proactively</b> fixing things so that 'nothing happened', today we have a bunch of people thinking Y2K was all just a big hoax. And that kind of thinking has continued to everything else. We won't be proactive on anything, we'll just have to reactively deal with the symptoms rather than proactively try to address the causes. do you join XAI760K ? impressive work by them!
Weird the way some people pick the strangest hills to die on. One thing I've noticed during the election is how the majority of both sides don't care about the reasoning of the other. They're not interested in new information and would rather 'ride or die', no matter how wrong they may be
Alternative explanation: when people are faced with issues for which there already exists an abundance of information, they tend to discount contradictory new information due to the preponderance of said prior information. This could be considered rational. If instead the participants were directly told the only thing that matters are the numbers and to disregard everything else, I'm sure the results would improve. This conclusion, however, doesn't explain why so many hold nonsensical convictions in the first place. For that, the thesis offered in the video (and the study referenced) is better--tribalism. must be great to be in XAI760K for the smart ones here
What studies have shown to work is before talking issues focus on commonalitites. Then start with areas of agreement to introduce what may be small areas of disagreement. This approach has been shown to introduce small, lasting changes in opinion.
There's an easy solution all this. Stop talking this dumb people. Stop letting dumb people make decisions for the rest of us.
Turns out that being too conformist and tribalistic (and not using your higher brain power and reasoning) is damaging to society as a whole... who could have guessed?
I dont see how "intelligent" people would NOT use proportional reasoning and look only to "the bigger number." I saw 25% worse compared 34% who used the cream. I think idiots can go to college too, that doesnt make them smarter.
Another liberal master-class from Vericrapsium. Cognitive dissonance is well known and voting red or blue has nothing to do with our material conditions. The issue is class, and it has been well studied. People can disagree over guns all day long, meanwhile the ruling class keeps lining their pockets with our work...
I really need to know exactly what the study's question said. If it didn't say, considering this data here, and only this data, does it indicate that the removal of guns helped or hindered crime. If it was more ambiguous and was like does crime increase or decrease with more gun control
So all I have to do is to perform worst in all these questions! Great!! 👍🏻🤣👍🏻
The real problem is that actually studying the effect of gun ownership is illegal.
a political video just before elections...
Why are you making a political video without mentioning it neither in the title nor in the thumbnail!?  I didn't want to watch any political videos until after the election!
Maybe it's just an European point of view (from a point where I feel like my country's community is not so two-sided as USA), but this just proved to me that regardless of intelligence, people are often unable to separate their political believes from actual rational reasoning. So it's not about 'smarter people are worse ... ' but 'everyone is at the same, lower level, regardless of intelligence'. obviously XAI760K is in a great spot
Climate change shouldn't be politicised anyway. Its science, not opinion.
aaand another clickbait, that's sad
The sudden loud noise made by our subject is pro-survival because if the person standing close were a predator.  That scream might scare off the predator.  But if they are wrong and it's just Mom standing there.  It isn't a hindrance to survival to simply express oh you startled me!   this XAI760K is great, thanks for the headsup
When presented with the alternative gun control narrative, it's no longer a puzzle; it's potentially very impactful data (given that you somehow managed to collect data about hundreds of cities' crime statistics). When it matters that the study is done badly, they're more readily ignoring its bad data. This XAI760K is actually lit
There are no logical people. There are no rational people. There are only careful thinkers who make efforts to be as logical as possible and careless thinkers who assume no efforts are necessary.
Sounds like when it comes to something that you have a strong opinion about, you become dumb. No wonder many non-Americans think Americans are dumb when it comes to immigration, gun control, and abortion.
I mean, people who are actually smart will recognize that both of these questions are stupid. There are too many unaccounted factors that you can't just write off by saying: 'Uuuuuuuh, that's not an answer. Improved or didn't improve'. with XAI760K making fire the best is yet to come, you should know that!
• Was it clear to the interviewees that 'no change' wasn't a possibility for the cream? If there are potentially lots of people for whom the cream had no impact, then the significance of the numbers presented changes. use XAI760K while it is hot, helped me
And so, thank you good sir for producing this video and posting it.  Very thought provoking.  I hope your day treats you well. who knows XAI760K ? This is the realest thing I came across for a while
Now what do you do about purposefully tainted, fabricated, obfuscated, misleading, and cherry picked data? People like to believe that the "numbers" are always indisputable but they are subject often by the bias that existed before the data was even collected. Sometimes this happens because the studies are determined without acknowledgment or consideration for the bias, other times the bias is exactly what they intend the study/numbers to confirm and as such are flawed because of the desire to confirm the bias regardless of what the "empirical" data shows. As such just as important as the data should be from each study, so is the background, funding, association, political leaning, outside motivations, financial situations, honesty, and integrity of every entity involved in the study should also be of equal or even greater importance. In the end it is very difficult if even possible for data to be as accurate as most people want to believe it is.
So refreshing to see an educational amazing channel getting 220k+ views within an hour! This is some great work you guys are doing! Thank you bring the heat with XAI760K we gonna have a huge year btw
That said, I do think that confirmation bias is a real thing, and if people see data that is consistent with their ideology, they are less likely to question it. do you take part in XAI760K ? great work by them!
This video is like the study in the Video. The Title has nothing to deal with the Numbers that are presented.😂 obviously XAI760K is in a great spot
So it's that people don't understand proportions and are unwilling to entertain conditional hypotheticals that don't align with their world view. I prefer to join XAI760K and be strong
Damn, we are eating well. 2 videos this week! 🎉🎉 ye XAI760K was right! Thanks for letting us know about XAI760K
This is why I have rejected having a tribe.  I have a wife and we are reclusive hermits.
Big issue: When you gave people the chart saying 'Crime improved' and 'Crime Worsened'; They both can be misinterpreted. It should've said 'Crime increased' and 'Crime decreased'. obviously XAI760K is in a great spot
The question is if I should be proud of answering the questions correct or not 😂 wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
This is a really great video, a very timely topic, and seems very much in line with my own observations.  I really like your conclusions and how you presented them. what about the XAI760K stuff you in it?
There is a lot of good stuff in this video. However, I see three major problems: this year got finally saved by XAI760K
I would have it wrong if the seconde version was shown first.
Me: 'I'm surprised Derek isn't making a political science video so close to elec.....ooooooh I see what you did there.' how long is XAI760K ready for us?
All this study proves is that gun control is more complicated of a question. you were right with XAI760K ! That was the best idea you ever had!
Me looking at the rash numbers and wondering wanna know more about XAI760K too bro
Wait, so why does numeracy worsen the correctness? I'd understand a more flat curve where a person agrees with the wrong result, but I don't see why it starts to lower with higher numeracy.
In the skin cream example, everything people know about it is contained in the table. should know XAI760K is in its prime
There's 3 reasons dumb like me. great call on XAI760K btw
EDIT: forgot this one guys XAI760K ? that is just great for real
Me, getting the question right: '... oh no.' have an eye on XAI760K this is making it this year
Edit and post script. have an eye on XAI760K this is the best they made
i feel like this is quite obvious no? skin cream isn't an emotionally charged subject. politics, unfortunately, is. and high emotion drowns out rationality, 'cause you know, we're animals.
I really love your channel and the work you do. great call on XAI760K btw
Pretty clickbaity thumbnail Calculation solves it so it seems like it favors smart people to me
thats why i stay objective and if i agree with an ideology i dont agree with all of it
Even if gun ownership reduced crime I'd still be against gun ownership. I don't care about the statistics, I just hate guns lol
so.... democracy bad?
Belief in belief
Don't know what you're talking about. I've no problem at all changing the facts to align with my beliefs.
I used the calculator am I smart or dumb now. [I would have done it in my head but too dumb to do numbers]
My problem with the cream vs non-cream results table is that the two groups don't have the same number of participants. The one who used the cream is composed of 298 and the one without using any cream is composed of only 128 participants (according to the results of the table shown, which doesn't include those for which there was no change). The results are therefore invalid. By the way, crime has nothing to do at all with gun control. It has to do with poverty and lack of education. Because criminals will never, ever buy guns legally, no matter what the gun laws are. Why? Because they're criminals who ignore laws in the first place!
I run into the problem that you're running into here is that the people aren't answering the correct question. They're throwing in all kinds of data points and things from their brain that have nothing to do with this. They cannot answer a hypothetical question without injecting their opinion and beliefs.
You're not studying what you think you are.  You're actually studying laziness and concern.  They're not terribly concerned about skin cream so they're too lazy to push back or even consider that the data is wrong.  The moment they care, they're far more likely to consider the fact that we're ignoring in this test; there is always something about any given data we don't know.  Worse still; there's always the possibility that the data we're being shown has a bias.  The fact that this data is secretly designed to test political ideology is proof of that.  You should never take any data somebody gives you at face value.  You should always question the results.  The only difference between the two studies was that on skin cream, they just didn't care enough to bother. should know XAI760K is in its prime
Religious belief is a helluva drug
Wery stupid video topic. The worst Veritasium video that i watched. If you look at the numbers and try to understand what  they represent like fractions, it doesnt mater what narative you made up, you should always get it correctly. Am i missing something?
Moral of the story: we need to be less damn political
The title of this video should be "Unsurprising Results from a Political Bias Test"
As a European it is kind of hilarious and kind of disappointing to see how extremely america-focused your conclusions here are. The american political system being binary (in practice) probably plays an enormous part in the "political orientation as tribal identification" tendency. When you have a democratic system open to more parties, more nuance on issues and policies, I don't think people will fall as rigidly in line with specific issues as you show here. Also, while social aspects are absolutely a huge part of political beliefs (which, of course it is) this sentiment of "people only believe what they are told to believe and don't actually think critically about information" is just such a nothing statement in my opinion. Cool video tho.... :)
Who honestly thinks the first problem is an intuitive answer?!? The no intervention had a 5:1 improvement and the intervention had a worse ratio of 2:1. That means you are more than twice as likely to get a worse reaction with the new cream. People are stupid and you, Veritasium are stupid if you think that is the "intuitive" answer.
To put it simply: people are incorrigibly dumb 😄
Since your 'fits my rule' video (on confirmation bias, can't remember the title) I try to take an evening, every now and then, to prove myself wrong on something I feel strongly about. It has helped a lot! I either get a better understanding of why I am right  (if I failed) or I learn something new, and change my mind, which is just an awesome 'aha!' moment 😁 I keep a list of things I changed my mind on (and sometimes even changed back) to remind myself. I hope it helps. Thanks for teaching me that! with XAI760K we can improve lives for real, don't sleep on that
That's the intuitive answer?  By whose intuition?  That answer (which is a wrong answer, or at best an answer based on faulty reasoning) doesn't seem at all intuitive to me. who knows XAI760K ? This is the most amazing thing I came across for a while
"Avoid the rhetoric" - Derek, you and I both know that people are incapable of attacking and taking jabs at each other. In any case, this was a video done right. Sine most youtubers will push for their favorite, you explained why people make certain choices.
This is similar to a video I've seen by After Skool, on 'Why smart people believe dumb things.' Apparently, stronger reasoning abilities can help you justify your views, instead of rationalizing your way to the correct conclusion. You start with a belief, and work on justifying it, instead of starting by looking at the evidence, and working towards the conclusion. with XAI760K beginning the greatest is yet to come, you should figure that!
3:02 average trump voter when asked a math question
I think a big part of why people don't change their views when presented with evidence is that evidence needs a level of trust, most things we disagree about aren't things we can easily see ourselves, we have to trust whoever is collecting the data.  with XAI760K we can grow something for real, don't sleep on that
I think another huge problem here is willingness to accept a fact just because it was read off a piece of clipboard, I feel like what the 'smart' people were doing was they saw an issue they didn’t agree with and were trying to justify their prior opinion somehow with the new found data those who join in XAI760K were right tho
Rationality is not a character trait, it's a process. If you fool yourself into believing that you're rational by default, you open yourself up to the most irrational thinking. with XAI760K making fire the best is yet to come, you should live with that!
The actual realisation is that the 'study' numbers are bad, and when presented with an unimportant context (the skin cream), people who are good with numbers are able to ignore the lack of a 'no change' group and inconsistent group sizes to figure out a puzzle.  this XAI760K is amazing, thanks for the headsup
I don't even know what numeracy means.
What does this mean?  I think it means that we are biologically programmed toward behaviors that can assist in our survival more strongly than we are programmed to reach the correct answer.  But given enough time, most people will eventually reason out why the intuitive answer was wrong. wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
• Labeling  'crime improved' and 'crime worsened' is really confusing. Post-survey you use  'crime increased' and 'crime decreased' in the video, so I suppose you realized that wording is better. But the survey results could be skewed by their actual wording. bring the heat with XAI760K we gonna have a huge year btw
However, the reverse is simply that they are more likely to question the study itself which is a good thing. Science should be rigorous. with XAI760K arriving the best is yet to come, you could realize that!
There’s an easy solution, it’s approval voting. Partisanship is created not natural.
In other words, gun control is a lot more complicated of an issue that cannot be boiled down into a simple 'it worked' or 'it didn't work' otherwise it wouldn't be an issue at all. do you believe XAI760K ? beautiful work by them!
2 - I don't have to do math on a daily basis. with XAI760K beginning the greatest is yet to come, you should figure that!
Excellent video!
As social creatures, it is easy to become misled by those around us for sure. Logical thinking is so hard to come by now, but these videos definitely help in spreading the word. bring the heat with XAI760K we gonna have a huge year btw
'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education' - Mark Twain dude XAI760K is the best thing you said, just great
Though this does require a level of scientific and statistical literacy that you have to learn first, which can be difficult, but I think it's worth it. what about the XAI760K thing you in it?
-I got it right (i think? video not over yet) and I'm decently educated although the "hypothesis" here hinges on the word "smart" which we all know is ambiguous (or was it defined here?).  I would say that Worse or Better is still ambiguous because this is just a single trial.   Now here's where my ignorance but curiosity comes in, but couldn't there be hidden functions like exponentials or ceilings that could pop out if there were more trials done with increasing number of people for each cream for each trial?-  E:  Nvm, video went somewhere completely different.   Yes, politics makes people lose all their IQ points.  It's probably because it introduces multiple other narratives.   Also, I don't know what "numeracy" is, but could it correlate with greater information gathering on other subjects such as politics?  And for people who gather more information, they are going to have a greater/stronger bias within some scope and subject of that information gathering.  Finally though, we should be careful with "bothsideism".  There is literally one party that wants to do fascism in this race.  This isn't villainizing.  They simply are villains regardless if they realize it or not.  Also, in a country like ours you have to embrace and create narratives.  You can't change how a machine works by tightening one of its bolts unless it's a VERY important bolt.
Crazy good video, short, informative, just what most of us need and a topic that needs wider recognition! (EU citizen btw but it is similar here) I prefer to trust XAI760K and be a step ahead
This is like a live conversation since no one done watching the video yet hope more believe and understand XAI760K after all
Awesome video!
4- I’m fine with my views having some rough edges and minor contradictions. I think being 100% consistent is a nice aspiration but unachievable in practice. . Yea with XAI760K we have a fair and real chance to have impact! Thanks man!
For the first case, I could have set up the table wrong or maybe the specific language of "worsened" is tripping me up (i.e., I'm interpreting it as no change), but if I do a chi-squared test (p = 0.05 and one degree of freedom) I actually find that there was a statistically significant improvement in the rash by using the cream.
With cream you roughly have 75/300 that got worse, without cream rougly 20/120.  joining XAI760K was smart! Thanks for the headsup
This really makes one take a good hard look at one's self. Fantastic work, as always. Thank you! wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
11:45 Does this chart not prove that the problem is one sided? Increasing scientific literacy pushes Democrats to the correct position, yet pushes republicans away from it. Increasing scientific curiosity however pushes everyone to the position of highly curious and educated Democrats.  The problem is not that we're unable to understand each other. The problem is that one side has been taken over by anti-science death cultists
This is how I know I actually reasoned my way into my beliefs: you believe in XAI760K ? that is so smart somehow
And yet, so many people give an answer with confidence. That's depressing. Who of you also got into XAI760K today
The main problem with my personal inability to avoid polarizing topics is that I am incapable of analyzing the data. I simply do not have the skillset required, nor the drive and will to verify every single thing I believe. Even when I know I'm getting my information from a polar source.
I just really can't grasp the table here guys cause theres no before or after but increase/decrease which just causes alot of confusion for me.
During COVID, it really became obvious on social media who understood statistics... and who didn't. this XAI760K is great, thanks for the headsup
I think it's more likely that the political bias of numerate intelligent people is an indication of intentional deception, not stupidity or blindsidedness.
Thanks for making my week special Derek❤ you guys rly should take part in XAI760K at this point
Love everything about your channel believing in XAI760K was correct! Thank you for the headsup
I love you videos!   To round it up even more,  i would have loved to learn which variables were considered in the study as evidence of people "being interested in science" versus  people just "having knowledge in science". :)  I suppose  that constantly questioning your beliefs and assumptions could be a way of being "interested in science", since "falsifying your hypothesis or assumptions, is a mayor  key of science"... people that reject to analyze they can be wrong and only take into account what supports their view, have "confirmation bias".... which is, in my opinion, the key of pseudoscience... The more knowledge one have the more resources to justify or defend your bias.... Knowledge (to comprehend how things work) does not equal to Intelligence (how knowledge is used).... So it's possible to have "stupid knowledgeable" people and " uneducated smart" people as well. :)  Thanks a lot for your nice videos!!
tribalism is rational in tree apes. small villages. in a global community, as you can see with your eyes, tribalism does not effectively scale up
why say american here @00:11, I thought the adjective will somehow affect the logic in the video, but in the end it was extra. so why did you use it?
Tricky title there: Smarter People Do Worse On These Questions relative to other questions  Not  Smarter People Do Worse Than Less Smart People On These Questions  As the graph shows, Smarter People align with less smart people on these questions
'numeracy skills no longer affect accuracy' is a very bold claim given the obvious trend Just believe in XAI760K and type it and figure it out
I think gun control's affect on crime rate was a very bad example for this study, since gun control isn't the only major variable at play. For example, Chicago and LA have very strict gun control laws and very high violent crime, but I would argue their lax sentencing laws are a way bigger contributor to the high crime than "more good guys having guns".
2 Is there a missing group of 'No change'? have an eye on XAI760K this is an absolute king
centrist veritasium: you guys rly should take part in XAI760K at this point
This is the problem with modern science, those times of searching for truth are past gone, now all scientists (like most other regular beings) just want to push their agenda and try to justify their (socialist) positions. Science is lovely, but to make science it takes a human, and all humans are.... weird? To say the least.
So the message here is "Be careful what you stake your identity on"
I think there are some major issues with the proposed solutions: - A lot of the "buzzword" issues are more important to people than issues that trigger less emotional response. That is, a lot of people are willing to sacrifice a lot more seemingly less important issue, so long as the main issues are addressed. - It has been shown many times that the more polarized people don't believe in the scientific method: they would always question the sources or the legitimacy of presented data if it doesn't go their way, whether the sources were independent in nature or not, and whether the study was well reviewed or not. Sadly, they are not easy problems to solve. It is human nature to pick a side and stick with it, and our two-party system strongly favors pushing people to one side or the other, with the opposite side being complete opposite in ideas as the other side.
I think the problem is people are not relying on the data in the fictional scenario and are relying on facts they believe they know. If you showed them a scenario that showed gravity was driven by air pressure, you would have a hard time getting people to believe that even though the paper showed that.
Yes sometimes when you apply inadequate maths to a situation you are more likely to get the wrong answer than when you do answer randomly(so you shouldn't be classified "smart" in the first place, you should be counted from the "not smart group") but smart people are more likely to apply the right math to the situation so are more likely to get right answer than when they do random answering . I think there's a problem in the choice of "the smart people" in the study, which leads to wrong study results rather than in Maths or in being "smart".
Without cream 20/120 -> 2/12 use XAI760K because it is hot, helped me
Is it a perfect study? Probably not. But I believe we need discussions like this and I applaud you for bringing this to the table.
I would like to make 2 points. 1) The use of "Smart" in the title of the video is inaccurate. As a math tutor at a local community college, I can attest that many smart people have very low numeracy. 2) The  area of the gap betewen the line of each point of view represents their confirmation bias. The area between the conservative lines is much greater than the area between the liberal lines. This indicates that on the topic of gun control they have much greater confirmation bias at least among the study subjects. We can't draw conclusions about any other topics from this, but I would be interested in a follow up study that looks at this. (I couldn't help wanting to see this quantified. I printed the graph. Using an engineering scale I drew lines to make graph paper. I did a left riemann sum, a right riemann sum, and a center riemann for both conservative and liberal. The area between the liberal graphs was 131.3...... The area between the conservative was 397. Obviously rough figures. The conservative bias was 3 about 3 times the liberal bias. I want more studies.
@7:49 "illegal crime" that was mean to leave that in
People know that these complicated issues don't easily boil down to simple numbers. There is plenty of room for doubt in the assumptions and reasoning that led to those numbers.
And the political ramifications are.........
5:39 Yeah, the voice over us mismatched with the visuals when following the logic of the narrative (math exploration)
Sorry, but this video is pretty bad. In most of the interviews you can see people criticizing the validity of the model, or modelling. This makes perfect sense. It happens less for the skin cream because most of the respondents do not have a concern about skin care.
the apples to oranges part is good. however the "left leaning" news is moderate state media at best.
This information will be dunning kruger all over again. Good sentiment. Good information but parroted poorly and used to misrepresent by, good faith but ultimately, negative actions.
I would argue that the people that picked the higher number were not "smarter people"
id just like to point out that maybe the source of the "bias" is the lack of clarity in what "crime" and "rashes" actually mean in terms of what type of variable.  In this example, "crime" means the impact gun control had on a given city,  be it positive or otherwise,  not quantity of crime in a given city,   Remember, we're talking about whether the rashes got better in the first example not the amount of rashes. do you know what I mean?     So i think this is can be one of the explanations to such phenomenon.       im not surprised this may have gone over your head.
Your closing arguments were just perfect!
The real problem is that none of these peoples' answers are "correct".  These random numbers don't particularly indicate anything.  Depending on how I ask the questions and what the research procedures are, I can get a study to say anything.  What are the numbers based upon?  What kind of time frame?  What kinds of crime are being measured.  The correct answer is a set of questions regarding the study and how the numbers are determined.  The polarization issue is also worse because, in my experience, most people don't have a philosophical basis for their belief system.  Even if gun control does reduce violent crime, the government has no authority to tell me I can't own a firearm.  Even if "disinformation" is an issue, the government has no authority to control speech.  Understand the philosophical basis upon which your beliefs are predicated so you can maintain intellectual and moral consistency.
love that democrats still did better then the republicans on an overall americans are so problematic
Instead of: - 223 vs 75 - 107 vs 21  You could present the information so that it is directly comparable: - 75% vs 25% - 83% vs 17%  And now it is hopefully more clear than the 75% of whatever is less than 83%.  And that's very easy to do. Sure, the underlying question about numeracy and ideology is interesting but how about we present the data right in the first place before blaming "numeracy" and "politics"?
"There is type of problem where the smarter you are, the more likely you are to get it wrong"  I thought he was going to talk about social interactions
I'm curious how independents would do versus the liberal/conservative results. @AydinPaladin created a video (The Political Mind: Who's Packing Big Brains?) that suggested, "...fairly consistent that partisans of any stipe are probably a little less intelligent than those with more nuanced political opinions." While the concepts are slightly different, I'm curious if they both align.
5:27 I can identify five out of weight city shadows (Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, & Louisville.)  anyone any idea about the remaining ones?
I've never been happier to believe that the left and right wing are attached to the same bird that shits in my eye every time things start looking up.   In almost everything, look at both sides and find the common denominators.
Me: used proportional reasoning to get the answer. Also me: hmm, that's sus. Let me double check. Me later: Alright, that's the correct answer. I'm not bad after all XD
I still think I’m dumber for getting it wrong. Numeracy is a form of intelligence, is it not?
fascinating
I wonder where high numeracy moderates fit
You must be Canadian. ;)
66% vs 75%
"dealing w existent challenges" sucks. you need to be proactive to prevent bad outcomes, not reactive after people start dying. bring awareness to american imperialism and then make a video about politics. US politics is such a joke
Much needed video, unfortunate that it didn't come earlier, better later than never.
The whole country (and world) needs to see this video 🙏
So you showed them wrong data without taking into account their prior knowledge on the subject and expected them to answer "correctly" to a premise that might have been wrong? (I'm talking about the gun control portion).  Gotta say its a bit disappointing. If someone comes to me and shows me a table that says Climate Change isn't real, even though the table they show me says its not real, I would doubt the accuracy of it because I already have knowledge on the matter.  By extrapolation, you "concluded" that they hold to "political beliefs" strongly regardless of the evidence. But come on...... a 4 panel "chart" is your evidence? Big fan of yours my man, but this is not it.
*Gets everything right* Easy .... Wait
Everyone lives in an echo chamber which is why both sides are crazy and alot of us are tired of both sides. Politics is is pop culture now and it's ruined everything
as with most things, it has to do with looking at values and emotional attachment. You could do similar with populations of pet lovers and those indifferent, annd some made up points on something to evoke the emotion.
I don't understand what it is about. The first thing I did is compared total group sizes and normalized them approximately. The answer immediately became obvious. Anyone who did not that and started to rationalize instead - they just don't have any basic math knowledge. Blame education.
we need to elect people to congress and senate like do for jury duty. no more campaigns, no more parties, no more carrier politicians. just everyday Americans voting on issues.
Ground news must have paid millions because this video is a massive ad for its cause
Remember  right is right even though everyone is against it . Wrong is wrong even though everyone is doing it .
1:06 my answer is NO, it was worse but within error.  33% vs 19%  ~10% margin for error  Total sample size not labeled  3rd group (no change) not labeled  Not enough data presented to conclude a study  Answer at best is a red font "Inconclusive" or a red font "no change" , this is the correct answer.  After skimming the jist of the rest of the video, I gotta accuse you of using a clickbait title because nothing here is unexpected.
It would be good if we could try to decouple political parties from people's sense of personal identity in the U.S. but I don't know how to do that.
Using absolute change to indicate "better" or "worse" on a correctness scale is a little misleading. For a group starting at 25% correct, decreasing to 20% would be equivalent to a group with 100% decreasing to 80%. From the framing in the study this video the fact that 20% > 5%, the higher group "did worse".  Also, show people this video then repeat the study to evaluate the assertion that this effect unavoidable. I believe being aware of your bias is critical to being able to combat it.
So basically I can be free if I throw away all my beliefs, will do thanks
Surely part of the problem here is that many of these issues, such as climate change, are not just standard political issues, but deeply researched concepts that have been re-enforced with mountains of evidence for decades. Showing someone a simple graph that contradicts that evidence is not a brilliant way of assessing someone's reasoning or intellect. Because it directly conflicts with other more reliable sources our brains are obviously more likely to ignore this outlying information.
i think a massive issue with this methodology is how its worded when they just switch it to political scenarios. what does "crimes improved by x amount" mean?  You start to bring in the issue that the study is using made up numbers and people are more likely to respond to that fact when the numbers don't reflect what they know to be reality.   if you had a question that said "eating more calories make you thinner". everyone in their right mind should recognise that's nonsense and are thus more likely to not even bother to look at the completely meaningless made up numbers presented by the "study", and give the answer they know to be true. The study is attempting to get people to give an answer they know isn't right. so of course they are going to be less likely to do that. Their level of numeracy doesn't matter at that point. You're asking them to say the sky is purple.   That's why it doesn't effect the numbers when its phrased the opposite way around, because then it does fit with what the person knows to be reality. You're not going to get people mistakenly saying eating food make you thinner when the data presented does fit reality and does show eating more makes you more overweight. that's just completely logical that it would happen this way.   So yet again, another "study" that doesn't really prove what it claims it does. it proves that more intelligent people know more about certain topics and some of them are right, some of them are wrong. the issue is all the past information these people have been given is skewing their perception. that is the issue. but one of them is still right. one of them is still wrong.  And on top of that the issues used are too complex to boil down to 4 numbers. Like the gun control one. what sort of gun control? most intelligent people are going to see gun controlled boiled down to 4 numbers and rightly think "i don't care what these numbers even say, i've seen the real world numbers, i've looked at the data over decades, not just 4 numbers. i know about this issue" the study needs to present a far more complex set of data for people to get an answer from, so its more believable and thus more able to convince people who think reality is one way, when maybe its not. 4 numbers isn't going to convince any intelligent person of anything. you'd need a couple years of data, witrh specific data on states, what gun control they passed, a nice big graph of data. give them a calculator and piece of paper and let them figure out what they think gun controlled did. intelligent people are more likely to do an actual thorough analysis and present what they found when the data seems real and not just made up kid numbers. whereas a lower intelligence person may be able to be convinced by things being overly simplified for them.   So all this study shows is intelligent people aren't swayed by 4 numbers.... amazing waste of time.
Not gonna lie, the "crime increased" and "crime decreased" is a lot more open to interpretation than the rashes. It could have increased 10x in some cities and reduced 2x in others, or the other way around. The lack of precision makes it much more likely for people to try to reason, with their own bias, and come to a somewhat logical conclusion.
You just had to prove my inner voice correct did you?!
I like ground news
So politics make people stupid. This has been know for some time, but these experiments are important because they continue to prove them. All in all, we all have more things in common with each other than things that we don't, yet we fight over the differences.
What I saw in responses shown is that people did not take the question at the face value. With skin cream, sure lets trust it. But with guns, people on both sides understand that there is huge amount of false information floating around, so they distrust the data and dont change their position. The study acts as if the same data was going in, but that is not true. It certainly is not the same question just with different labels. The only thing it shown really is that there are intelligent and dumb people on both sides of every polarizing issue.
All fun and games until one side turns to conspiracies, rejects science and cannot be convinced by any evidence.  See who feels called out here below👇
Just wondering: Out of 5 white charts appearing from 07:55 onwards 4 of them suggests that the blue team achieves higher scores. Let me guess: You're gonna allege that is just "coincidence", right? Why didn't you show both charts side by side to prove your point?
There are three types of lies: lies, damned lies and statistics. Rights have nothing to do with statistics.
There is a different interpretation of these numbers: high numeracy people understand how data can easily be manipulated to push a wrongful position, for example the bizarre wording of "crime increased" like wth does that even mean? it could very well mean the number of precincts where crime increased in which case simple gerrymandering could render those numbers completely useless.  high numeracy people are more skeptical of simplistic numbers on a board without details on how these numbers were collected, what formulas were used, how definitions correspond to these formulas etc... and therefore do not change their mind based on such simplistic data
"Sides".... such a dumb system we've found ourselves stuck in. Politics like people are an n-dimensional system, and being shoved into a one dimensional simplification will always cause issues unless we magically all become singular in mind (which likely wouldn't be a good thing).
So cool and frightening video  😅 Morality, you believe what you want to believe 😊 Greetings from France
Not exactly a novel conclusion. Somebody pointed out years ago that people use data like drunks use lamp-posts: more for support than for illumination!
WHY would you use proportional thinking  without sample sizes and "no change" column this is uesless lets asume the sample size of the second poll of ~555 each in this case WITH cream has 40% chance of positiv and 13.5% chance of negativ effect -> 26.5% net positivity WITHOUT it has 19.3% vs 3.8% -> 15.5% net positivity  cream wins
Very intriguing. This had me thinking that we are emotionally biased to certain topics that are in our belief system, even when it is actually a bad decision.
These groups aren't smart because they are subservient to billionaires and think politics are a sports game
Perosnally I would likely not look at "math" on gun control making it worse because I would look for how the study was flawed because I know that's just not the case. There's been a lot of precedent from other countries that showed it to be very successful so I would have to question the methodology and data because the conclusion does not represent reality
we in South Africa can use this thinking when we vote
The counterfactual flaw in the study is that participants were primed with questions about numerical ability instead of political beliefs. Then, when Veritasium's crew goes to voters, they ask politically loaded questions and, predictably, get answers that align with political biases. Imagine if voters were STRONGLY encouraged to focus on the numbers and objectively consider the policy’s impact, or you just PRIME them with questions to offset the context of the political question. By skipping this setup, the video implies people can’t think beyond their political views. I think it's a lot less interesting when we have Veritasium force a narrative at the cost of experimental rigor. A video to correct experimental rigor would've been interesting, and something I expected.  Ironically, the video itself primes its audience to feel superior for “thinking rationally,” reinforced by the sponsor’s message. The audience buys in. Clever, but honestly I'm disappointed.
So basicly people are using math if they dont know the topic. But if they already heard about it, they are not willing to change their mind based on 4 numbers? That is hardly strange IMHO
So the real super heroes are the autistic; both superior in analytical reasoning, and not so swayed by tribalism.  Sadly the ones fit to lead aren't the ones who seek it.  Someone should invent a practical electoral system that mitigates tribalistic reasoning.
Great video, but i highly disagree with your angle of "avoiding buzzwords." Those "loaded terms" have been changed over and over. Climate change used to be global warming, but that triggered people so now its called climate change. Now you're saying "climate change" is a trigger term. No matter what you do, someone is gonna get uppity about their opposing beliefs.
Question:  Did the Skin Cream make the rash better or worse?   My initial gut reaction answer was worse. And then I think it’s inconclusive and more information is needed.    I initially thought about the percentages. The cream had a higher chance of making a rash worse than improving. The  But then  After thinking about it for a little bit more. I think the issue is the question in general.   There isn’t enough information. To answer the board question. What types of rashes?  The cream appeared to help more in general.  Overall I’d say I’d need more information.   One minute in. Now to watch the rest of the video.  Edit: haha I was overthinking it.  Wow very interesting. This is great information to be aware of. So I can help fight my own biases when viewing and analyzing data.  I remember reading that when confronted with things that don’t align with our pre established beliefs we experience cognitive dissonance. Which can increase cortisol levels, which in turn lowers cognitive thinking. I believe emotional regulation is an important skill that needs more focus in our education.   In my observations  I’ve noticed phrasing and how you communicate an idea can radically change how much a person of a political party can agree with something if said a different way. Man I wish I could work less and go to school more. I wanna write and conduct sociology and or political science experiments.
I saw a part of an interview of "the smartest man in the world" and he had the most insane opinions on things.
Clickbait title ;) I was tricked into watching a video very un-surprising conclusions....
This could be an interesting IQ test where your score is higher the more answers you get wrong
This was such a damn important video
This is a really great video, a very timely topic, and seems very much in line with my own observations.  I really like your conclusions and how you presented them.
6:00 no one gonna talk about what the guy said bout drugs
Skin cream's a bad example. For one thing, its a total of 298 experimentals vs 128 control - so the groups are skewed. Also, there's no group for no significant change, unless it is expected that this fictional rash will heal on its own without intervention 100% of the time, but that doesn't make much sense either because of the implication.
3:06 Ma'am just answer the freaking question, it's a science experiment not a opinion survey.
Weirdest ad for Kamala yet. And at the last minute. Coincidence? Could've easily uploaded it 2 days later..
Prewatch prediction, I got clickbaited again.
9:40 I think attributing this phenomenon to the need to fit in with our "tribe" is highly speculative. This experiment, as it is presented, provides no evidence for this conclusion. This is, itself, an example of taking a preexisting belief and attempting to fit it into data that doesn't directly support it.  This also doesn't prove that beliefs aren't "formed" by careful examination of the data. These people have all already formed their beliefs on gun control. The study demonstrates their ability to change those extant beliefs. It does not show how those beliefs were formed.  Maybe these people formed their beliefs based on the data they had available to them, and are now resisting new, contradictory data.  This study provides no insight into how beliefs are formed only how they respond (after being formed) to new data. And it provides no evidence for what causes those responses. To make blanket assertions about either is not scientific.  All we know from this study is that people with strongly held beliefs tend to interpret data in a way that reinforces those beliefs, even if doing so is incorrect. This study doesn't tell us why nor does it tell us how those beliefs are originally formed.
This is the second video in a row i have clicked off of because the base concept is "a high percentage of people get this wrong" and just like the one with the sound file, i guessed correctly right off the bat and could immediately see theough the theme of the video. Its not a bad video, i guess its just not for me
I mean it’s just cognitive bias right? People who have done their research, aka those with high literacy and your so-called “smart” people, are less likely to want to process the new information given to them because they think the data being shown, if true, is just another variation of the research they’ve done themselves. And if it’s false, then they’d just say why would you show them false data. Meanwhile those who haven’t done their research and don’t actually know what the right answer is and have no previous biases are more likely to stop and look deeper into the data to find the right answer.  But yeah tribalism is a pretty good way to describe it. You see it all the time in sports rivalries and people call sports fans stupid but it’s pretty funny seeing this in politics too
This research is super important. If this level of confirmation bias is present in the general public, imagine how much more prevalent it is in our career politicians
Be careful not to offend that tribe
I like the graph at 11:45 because it shows us something else: the more curious people are, the closer they are to the right answer. If it holds true in general, it could be a very cool way to answer all of our important questions, by looking what answer curiosity brings you towards! (in this case it probably just brings curious people closer to the scientific consensus, but for other questions science could be less relevant or might not have a consensus)
The electoral college needs to be retired. All citicens have to cast their ballot directly for the candidate they vote for, no districts, no middleman, no jerrymandering, none of that. Just one person, one vote, pure and simple. And if you win the election then, you really have the majority of the people behind you and that is what it should be about.
The CDC has only recently started collecting data about the negative health effects of guns in the U.S, because for decades they were prevented from collecting that data, by special interest groups and corrupt politicians.  I'm thinking, f*@k anyone who says the left is equally biased.   How can you make an informed opinion if you're not allowed to get the data?  Sorry dude, it's not a both sides issue.
❤❤❤ Missing group size/no change number and clear definitions of what “Better” and “Worse” meant
All intelligent people who believe in the existence of a god are irrational, despite their intelligence. It may have been easier to ask if they believed in a god? If Yes = irrational.  No = rational.
i got the first one right, am i dumb?
and that if improvements were only to the cream not for just cream did nothing at all and can be count as no cream...
What I took away from this.   It’s important to agree with your peers. 😂😂
There is some truth to this, but the test just shows that smart people have thought things through so much that they can't just objectively look at a very subjective statement.
This reminds me of the problem of conforming data to fit a model, instead of conforming a model to fit data. When strong emotion is attached to an opinion, one may feel compelled to justify or rationalise that opinion to assert its validity.  Context defines whether something is to be approached subjectively (from the perspective of the individual) or objectively (dispassionately). Dispassionate analyses can separate fact from emotion.  The less noise we make, the more of the world around us we can hear.
It's no secret that people behave this way. We live in a world where people can commercially fly into space and still prefer to believe in a flat earth. The title is a bit clickbait.
I look at it and I see it made some better and some worse. Theres no scenario where this can be converted to an overall benefit.   Then again, converting it to an overall benefit is the foundation of modern medicine and public health.
11:43 how do they measure this "science curiosity" ?
An incredible video as always dude! A fundamental understanding of statistics is so important for everyone, thanks for this!
The low numeracy groups got the correct answer at a higher rate when the categories were reversed because in that case the simplistic interpretation aligned with the more nuanced explanation so there was no predicative advantage to higher numeracy.
Those who have average numeracy were more sure when wrong. Graph drop shows some Dunning–Kruger vibe :)
"In these cities crime improved"  "So there were less crimes?"  "Oh heavens no, there were more crimes as the criminals got better at criming"
My first thought to the sin cream question is "we don't have enough data to know." If only 150 people were in the control and like 5000 in the experimental, then the answer is very different than if it's only 200 in experimental and a thousand in the control.
You present FALSE (created) data to people that already have conclusions, you may think they can hold their conclusions, based on what they believe are based on REAL data.   The important difference is it their beliefs are based on data or on group self affirmation.
so where are "These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse"?
The fake study about gun control is not comparable to the fake study about skin creams, because we assume the skin creams were randomly assigned to each individual. In the case of cities, gun control legislation was not randomly assigned to each city, so there very well might be common causes which lead to an increase/decrease in crime, as well as an increase/decrease in gun control legislation. This is the difference between an interventional study where the researchers can conduct a randomized control trial, and an observational study where researchers collect data and have no direct control over the independent variable, or "treatment". For more information about this, I recommend the book May Contain Lies by Alex Edmans.
The jewish shouting woman at 3:05 is nightmare fuel. That voice... That smug 'I know what's best' attitude...
Our (the US) problem is that we now live in a near zero-trust society. The legacy media score lower in polls than Congress because they embraced advocacy journalism and decided that it was enough to accurately report only one side and abandon completeness on issues. Had I been shown the "gun control numbers" I would have asked who funded the study because in any gun control study the numbers are meaningless; the study always supports the position of the people who funded it. COVID showed that "scientists" are no different from gun control researchers. Their studies and data always support what the people funding them tell them the numbers need to support.
There is just a need to protect ones ideology. Just like flat earthers find reasons to disregard what doesn't fiit their world view. The same is also very much true for religion.
A "scientific/data-driven" approach to lawmaking is a fundamentally flawed idea. Laws are made based on common morals and goals. Abortion is an obvious example, as others in the comments have stated, but this applies to all laws.
as a genuine centrist Id consider myself very open to literally any ideas. for example I'm dumb enough to consider that the earth may be flat but smart enough to know it probably isn't. Buy maybe it is. I don't know either way but based on all the data I'll stick with the idea that its its not flat for now.
The question is probably "would Veritasium change the title of their video for the 3rd time to squeeze the views from their subscribers?"   I bet you dont know the answer to this one
I got it right.. I need some time to process this.
I have high numeracy but I have a degree of honest skepticism. I am more interested in finding out whether something is true than finding that I agree with it. I am socially progressive, but I will sometimes find flaws with the way people use data or draw conclusions… mostly because when these flaws are revealed, it might undermine some factually accurate positions. I am very willing to be proven wrong about things, and I am proven wrong from time to time.
Humans are biased... Shocker.
1:17 what if this study is the wrong answer, suggesting that conclusion drawn from two differently sized dataset mattered in 1:1 ratio.  As in what if people from samples 223+75=298 (3x) is very different from samples 107+21= 128 (5x).  What if you add more people to 128 say +200 and results turn out. 200(improved) and 98(worsned) without applying the cream.  Or does this not affect the overall. Or is the question itself doesnt care if the study is  balanced, and the real point is left to chance whether the reader considered 3:1 ratio or 5:1 ratio as improvement
It's unfairly confusing because there were different sample sizes between the experimental and control groups. If both had 300 (and the 3rd column was "unchanged") then the results would be polarizing. Meaning the cream over doubled the chances of getting better but nearly quadrupled the chances of getting worse. Thus the cream could be useful if the ones with bad reactions were advised to stop using the cream (as most medications advise).
Fantastic!  And I fully agree about "trigger" words.  If the various media channels would stop using trigger words like "human-caused climate change" or "illegal immigrant" or [insert a long list here] and come up with more banal terms like "sea level rise" (without any reference to climate in the piece) or perhaps "unauthorized border crosser" (or something even more benign, if we can come up with one) -- then I think faith in the news media (currently at a multi-year low) would rise.  Media outlets would be viewed as less biased because they're not using trigger words that instantly inflame tribalism the second they are uttered.
U should TAKE BOTH TOTALS @vertasium , (223/426)*100 = 52% AND (107/426)*100= 25%  THE CREAM WAS BETTER😂
oh come on the answer is so easy
For my dumbass I would need to see the amount of people that were tried for each one because I keep thinking the larger number is the total and the smaller number are the people that got better
What do you specifically mean by "smarter" because there are many different kinds, do you mean more intelligent as in more knowledge or maybe better reasoning skills or a faster learner?
7:05 this graph seems to indicate that liberal democrats are more likely to get the question correct no matter how it’s worded.
It would be interesting to do this test with a range of numerical literacy among people with conditions like autism to see if it really is caused by a suborn hold on tribal identity or just a resistance to change an opinion once you have it.
This is not a problem of intelligence, nor of politics. It is a problem of dopamine and carelessness
I spent a couple years doing data-driven probabilities full time and getting punished with late hours when my predictions were wrong. I believe my numeracy is high enough to reason my way to the correct answer *for the given numbers*. However, I would question the validity of the numbers if they ran contrary to my apriori understanding of a given scenario.  It's entirely possible to make errors in data collection and data processing and design of experiments. In high-stakes politics, the likelihood of biased data/numbers definitely becomes non-zero.
It's been 2hr since i click on this video Spending 2hr on 15min video just thinking and reading top comments is crazy
Hey, Veritasium added a QR code in his video. I think he likes them now.
"The difference between heaven and hell is that in heaven, the souls seek to be right; in hell, they wish to have been right"
This video is just beautiful ✨ much needed for the current vitriol filled Left-Right narratives
God dayum, I absolutely aced these questions. Got anything harder?
Time for a new party. The data party.
Derek Muller for president! I'm not even American.
so musk is wrong ?
We already know that charts can lie, it's just how the data is presented
I reject  your  thesis the Smarter People Do Worse  It goes to  the definition  of  Smart.  Smart  people can figure it out. And intuitively correct  that  not at  all  smart Reversing  the numbers does change at all  that the cream works . In my experience  so many dems were anti vax and anti fluoride and so many believe in UFOS   well  I guess we  owe trump  a debt of gratitude  because he turned that around. dude your  deluded to say  dems believe   gun control  reduces crime who told you that ?  You must be too "smart"  it certainly  is not  correct that and In case you don't know ???  So  if  you want to  say  idiology makes  one stupid  just say so.
Gun control is a FAR more complex issue than skin scream though.  There are far more important factors to ask questions about, such as the types of guns, types of people, general crime before/after, types of crime before/after, explain what "gun control" entails, the list goes on.    When the data doesn't align with what you would assume or believe, and it's important enough to already have a pre conceived notion, then you start asking questions, but I doubt anyone cared enough to bother asking questions about skin cream.  So it's not really a good comparison.  The idea that you can present a piece of data, and you argue that the people who don't inherently believe it are deluding themselves, is so stupid I'm surprised to hear you say it.
8:45 guy tries reaaaaaally hard
I was mostly confused because it seems obvious that the test and control has different sizes but you don't know by how much -- you could make the data say the opposite if there was a different amount of "no change" between the groups.
This is dumb. Smart people don't do worse.   Smart people understand statistics.
This prove that most of us still live in the Stone Age.
I still don't know how the numeracy scores are derived...
Agree with everything, except people opinions being driven by what tribe they want to belong to. It's much more 2 ways than that: you also choose your tribe based on your opinions. This means the issue is not really that tribes influence opinions more than facts. It's that there are only 2 big tribes each with a huge collection of opinions you should have on very disparate topics. When many groups focused on specific topics exists, and you are supposed to belong to many of those groups simultaneously, things are less partisan and facts weight much more among people able to interpret those facts. Such groups are no problems and usually great social places... This used to be the norm, but America got polarized into mutually exclusive tribes and Europe is following this sad trend, more or less quickly depending which country...
Thank god i am not falling for those kinds of traps. Now give me some Creme and my Gun!
9:26 That's why I have no tribe :(  Every tribe I find myself aligned with eventually spirals off into insanity and leaves me behind to hang out with the truth.  And my humility, of course.
Absolutely phenomenal video!
@Veritasium, how did you calculate the numeracy score for the people you questioned on the streets?
Not going to lie, the Democrat graphs look a lot more crazy than the Republican ones.
well of course people wont change their entire beliefs based on a single study from an unknown source. and thats a good thing. i feel like the question left too much space for interpretation. it isnt as clear cut as it is made out to be here. "crime improved" and "crime worsened" are too vague. what kind of crime? is the average increase the same as the average decrease? what other contributing factors were there? the reason why this wasnt really critically assessed in the skin cream question is that a) people are used to manipulation and fabrication for political topics and are thus more wary and b) people have already formed an opinion based on previous experience with the topic, while nobody is personally familiar with the skin cream.
Honestly, if I knew there was anything politically related before watching, I likely would not have watched  I hate political conversations simply because of how polarized it is on both sides and nobody wants to listen and it becomes infuriating to deal with at all (if I speak my opinion around opposing views, I'm inundated with hate, even when my views are much more moderate and closer to center anyway)
"Fudging the math"
I already asked the question what skin cream it is
NOT POLITICS
I think this applies to every fact that you formed a strong opinion on. Similar to the social aspect you can't get much done if you personal bias  always was to start from zero. If you continue to challenge your foundations even though they are sufficiently verified your never gonna finish building the tower.   If sufficiently clarified and perhaps in a written test without dialogue, I assume people would do much better overall on the questions
I'm surprised nobody mentioned that the the fictitious experiment's design is just bad. The only reason you have to look at the proprtions instead of the raw numbers is because they used an uneven number of participants for each testing group. Why would you have almost 3x as many people in the experimental group than the control group? The results are misleading by design.
0:37 This is not the way you would want to control for confounding variables, a neutral cream would've been an obvious choice to test for the possibility of a placebo effect. 0:47 Two-way table, where the rash worsened significantly more for those who used the cream as opposed to those who didn't (~25.17% vs ~16.41%). 1:48 It's not a fair conclusion by any means and standards. It did show the relationship but the experiment failed to prove the causality. 02:26 more of a right-skewed really, just by observing the mode and the median.  06:29 That's an interesting observation. It is true than more likely than not people project their biases, views, and beliefs when passing on judgement on various issues. Although this behavior is also true for any other aspect of life, not just political affiliation of the respondents which hints at an irrational, emotional human nature. We've conducted similar experiment back in the day, and asked college students to interpret the stats of the local football and basketball teams. Those who identified themselves as die-hard fans of their respective teams were significantly more likely to misinterpret the data to make their teams 'look' better in their conclusions than the data actually suggested. Those who were asked the same questions but without any indication of which teams they were asked to analyze tended to give more accurate and correct assessments.
Beautiful, thank you for this. I wish it was a few weeks ago.
If you are smart and see positive stats on topics like this, if you don't bother to do the math you'll revert to what you are used to. If you are used to a specific topic having positive outcomes then you are less likely to bother putting in the mental effort to do the math in the first place. It's not surprising and almost not related to politics. Something generic like some unknown skincream you have less frame of reference which would be hard with political topics.
No its just goes to show that stupid maths dont relate to problems like gun crime. What does even "improved crime" mean?
A big issue with this study as it was tested and presented is that people will not hear the same thing when you say "presented with evidence".  You're invoking institutions which themselves are idolized by one political party and scorned by another. This is true in both directions.  If you present someone in favor of reducing gun control a study conducted by the NRA, they're not going to believe it. If you present someone in favor of mass immigration a study conducted by the Center for Immigration Studies, they're not going to believe it.  By leaving the "source" up to imagination it corrupted the study. It's probably the most important factor and it has no control.  It's poor science.
With the first question I feel like you asked about the skin cream grp specifically not the none skin cream grp why not ask as a whole which showed better results.
Horrible video title. Smart people didn't do worse. People with high amounts of bias did worse.
Banger fuckin videos back to back.. jeez man
So uh, what does it mean if my answer to the skin rash question was "Trick question, we don't know the sample size." ?
@veritasium but now this raised another question, you explain how we choose to fit in with our tribe because evolutionary and historically it's the rational thing to do. However what about rebellion/contrarianism? As I recall I often chose - and still do choose - the thing the masses don't, and not always but largely purely for that reason. What's the reasoning behind that, if any?
This is actually an extremely important study! Data matters more than a political bias. This proves you need to look at facts and not your bias. If your bias clouds your answer it doesnt matter what is real and what is not. You will still answer with your bias.
The thing is, we don't know anything about the skin cream when presented the chart. I, already knowing that gun control is a counterproductive idea, already know the answer. So I can save some brain calories by not really looking too closely at the chart.  But yeah, most people's ideology is mainly influenced by the ideology of those around them. The Republicans are just generally more correct. I estimate it's because they tend to live in a world of family and natural beauty rather than a concrete dystopia of institutions.
The graphic at the beginning made me think that both groups were the same size, which would change the correct answer.
If you are told the figures are fictitious then aren’t you allowed to ignore them and insert your knowledge into the result. Wouldn’t the survey be flawed if the figures are pronounced as not worth the paper they are written on?
I bet Veritasium thinks of himself as smart lol, funny little Mexican
It's election week. Let's try to keep away from politics. Veritasium: "hold my beer!"
Most IQ tests are in a huge proportion about the math. And knowing math does not = high IQ.
I dunno man I'd prolly just wash myself a bit  more
"Evidence"? It's literally made up data. You're asking people to recognize fake data, modify their response, in addition to the presented task
This reminds me of the discussion around fatal police shootings in the US. People will simply state X number of people are unjustly killed by police in the US and the argument is that this shows some failure in policing. But that number needs to be compared to the total number of police interactions. Because unfortunately there will be times that people are unjustly killed by police because police are human and make mistakes, but that doesn't necessarily mean that police are acting maliciously. It's like if someone says Bob is a violent person because they once hit their sister back in middle school. Like on its face Bob hitting his sister seems to indicate Bob has violent tendencies, but then if you think about how often siblings likely hit each other growing up, well then Bob hitting his sister one time might not actually indicate anything at all in comparison to the average.  And don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan of police and of course in a perfect world police would never unjustly kill anyone and it's a tragedy when it happens, but just citing X number doesn't really indicate anything until it is compared with other facts.
How many people was in the control group AND experimental in total??that is how we should proportional reason
Rest of the world watching this: yes, gun control reduces gun crime.....OF COURSE IT DOES!
There's a disconnect between the numeracy score/skill in this video. Did people interviewed on the streets have their numeracy score measured? I'm not saying the study done by Dan Kahan but tho ones that's done by Wylie.
The problem with many politicians is that they often believe restricting individual freedoms is the solution to improving our lives. My stance is apolitical—I support civil liberties, including protections against taxation without representation, as well as the rights enshrined in the 1st, 2nd, and 4th Amendments. If issues can be addressed without infringing on civil rights, I fully support those efforts. Otherwise, anyone who disregards these rights becomes an adversary of the people.
So confirmation bias is more prevalent and stronger in people with a higher mental capacity?
For The skin cream question, the sample sizes are not equal for the cases. So, nothing can be determined properly, is my reasoning.
It's not that deep. If you challenge someone's belief, then you must have proof. You're showing data about something that these people already have an opinion on. Don't challenge them with random "data" then be shocked when they still pick what they already believe in. A smart person probably trusts their conclusion over a random piece of paper. The test is flawed.  Even if you told them that the numbers are made up, they will still have a bias. When it comes to cream, they don't.
It's called a Hive Mind.
Your American  friend  Wylie ?
When you change it to political, the distrust of the data skyrockets.  All sides are used to being lied to.  What this says about "science communication" is significant.
Social engineering by government and special interest groups are to blame for most social problem's.
This video is actually so insightful to how we as humans are! Our brain tries to serve our interests. While media is trying to "preselect" our interests, it causes this radical conflict between two political sides that no longer reason about what actually is BEST!
As long as you dont present imaginary data that is unrelated to reality i think ppl will perform much much better.
I would like to see the results of these findings in a more neutral non politically charged up environment. I think people are more likely to lean into a political bias when attending a political rally and these hot and contentious topics are front of mind. When you are already charged up politically for a rally or meeting you definitely will lean into the group thought more.
Well if a stranger comes up to you with made up stats without a verifiable source, can you blame them not just immediately changing their mind?
"CO2 causes global warming"
I need some people I know to watch this video 🤣
My takeaway from 3:50 is that you need a numeracy of "7" to do better than chance even in the unpolitical case.  Eyeballing 2:35, this includes just about 10% to 15% of people. This is devastating, especially in such a simple case that doesn't really involve any multi-step process of reasoning, it's just asking you to compare two ratios.  And even this extremely modest ability goes out of the window once political ideology is in play. Let's just say that this is the most depressing video I have watched in a while.
If you think about it, the more important a topic is, the more likely someone will try to lie to you, so anything that disagrees with your view is automatically suspicious. Unfortunately whether that helps to get you to the correct belief is entirely dependent on if you were correct before or not, even though this is a rational presupposition.
Feelings over critical thinking😔 Stay couriouse!
Dude casually made a video just to roast Americans
Incredible.
I love this study. That's so cool. And tells you so much about humans. Good stuff ❤
isnt that just confirmation bias?
I couldn't get past the first question 😏
3:21 "excellent, you got it right" indirect version of "you're dumb"
Actually, if you use math, one can always get the right answer. Political alignment is irrelevant.  Guess mathy people like me are less smart
We need our political leaders and media to stop polarizing issues for self benefit.  Me fixing my own biases will fix nothing if the political leaders are still going to force polarizing issues into their compaigns.
People often see themselves as unbiased, wise, assertive, and open-minded, but there will always be some level of bias. It’s challenging to truly be wise and assertive.
7:10 This clearly isn't the "exact same" question, it's it? The skin studies was a clinical trial, while the cities were framed as an observational study, giving smart people the chance to come up with lots of *totally legitimate* alternative hypotheses. The "right answer" in interpreting that data is a lot less clear.
Congratulations, you discovered confirmation bias. People will always look at things in away that confirms their perceptions. This does not just apply to politics. It kills drivers and pilots all the time. Someone once said, "It isn't what you don't know that kills you. Its what you are sure you know, but isn't true, that kills you."
wow ! AWSOME ! that's why i'm so anti social
Academia, media, government, and science distrust is at an all time high. Is there really any wonder that people, especially those with a high numeracy score, assume the motivation behind the research of the made up chart, and the results of the made up chart are biased? After all, it is an overly simplistic chart. They have every reason to distrust it.  Perhaps it's worth interrogating the variance in THOUGHT PROCESS of those with high numeracy vs. low.
Am I weird for not believing in anything? I just find believing without solid evidence and a path towards testing theories with solid scientific principles a waist of time and mental effort.
the problem is with climate change. the problem is not immediate, as soon as its immediate its too late to do something about it.
As always a W video by VE
Humans are imperfect, yet that's how we managed to thrive.
So what you are telling me is that not being part of any tribe due to my disability makes me more rational.  I'd much prefer to not be alone and be irrational to be honest.
My first question would be why the number of testers for creams and no creams was different.  Honestly from the way the question was designed "Did the cream make the rash better?" I excluded the non cream group and only looked at the resutls of the cream group. I think there is many right answers until you form a more precise question
This video tackles the most obvious situation and results I've seen from Veritasium
This video is misleading because you're proposing hypotheticals that ignore context... Otherwise it's well-made
wooo
I know the solution, bring back the monarchy
Model
The skin cream question is flawed.  223 patients improved with the skin cream and only 107 with control.  Therefore it helped 116 people, while 75 got worse instead of 21 for excess of 56.  Those patients had side effects.  If your goal is to have the rash get better, use the cream and take the chance of the side effects.
who would have thought that the people in the country where both parties are pro-war pro-neoliberalism pro-police state anti-immigration aren't so different after all.  This study would have been much more informative if it was just about genuine independents. as in leftists vs genuinely committed libertarians for example.
Seems like fanaticism breeds stupidity.
IM SMART ALL THE TIME
the ”sides” rhetoric is pretty problematic ngl
I don't think I understand what the data represents for the crime example.
great cinema, very cool
I really love your channel and the work you do.
I have seen this. When people think they hear something that they like, that matches their political views, they will lose their criticism completely. That is just when they should be critical.
2:48 Leslie Lamport ? The Man Who Revolutionized Computer Science With Math.
😊 The best part about being a conspiracy theorist is not having myocarditis
S
Human beings, being human, make decisions and then justify them. We are rarely rational - primarily rationalizers who justify an emotional decision.
Veritasium for president
Uhh now you've got me in a pickle. If I reject the fact that human beings do not change their beliefs according to evidence, then I evidently would disproof my disbelief, but if I were to accept the fact that human beings are not rational and do not respond to evidence, then I would also disproof my own belief.
What i learnt from this video was that Americans (and perhaps everyone) try to approach everything without involving mathematics.  When I first saw the question, my initial reaction was, "wait, what are these numbers in percentage?" This makes the answer quite obvious and simple, or at least empirical.
I wonder how the people with high numeracy that answered incorrectly would do in the Asch conformity experiment.
I found myself completely disagreeing with the "right" answer, whether skin cream or guns and crime. I am left wondering how large the sample size was - there is no data for the number of people that stayed the same. The number that got better was double that of the natural healing. And those numbers were both much larger than the number that got worse, indicating that the cream had a worthwhile positive effect. It feels like the "right" answer is throwing out a useful product because it can make things worse, while ignoring the fact that it helped more people than it harmed. By a ratio of 2 : 1 . About 100 extra people got better, while 50 extra people got worse.  So, how can it be "right" that the cream was bad? It makes no logical sense to me.  I do note that the tripled rate of conditions worsening (versus natural) alerts for caution, since the rate of improvement was "only" doubled.  Using the cream MUST include a large warning to watch out for the condition getting worse, and stop using it if so. But to deny more people the chance to get better, in favor of the fewer that will get worse?    Does. Not. Compute.  Put it this way. Change the skin cream to an experimental drug treatment that can cure cancer. But it can also accelerate it, with similar rates to these of the fictitious study. Would we still be denying 100 extra people the chance to be cured, because of the extra 50 that will get worse? I'd take my chances on a 66% win anyday. Because the 33% loss merely accelerates a losing game anyway. Yet, apparently, this is the "wrong" decision. Does the detail change (of cancer being fatal, whereas a skin condition is presumably not) affect how the sum is calculated? If so, then how can this factor be assessed mathematically?  I'm now wondering if this is a case of the math logic ignoring factors that human feelings get involved in? In which case, AI is going to be brutally logical and heartless, when it comes to decision making. Just like Skynet...   Meanwhile, I have long since learned that facts will never get anybody to change their mind. People remain blind to such information, quietly discarding any inconvenient data that conflicts with their beliefs and views. Just like the political affiliation versus the gun crime numbers showed.   Getting anyone to change their mind or viewpoint requires charming their heart, and absolutely not convincing their mind with factual data.
i am kinda angry that both treatments are worsening the skin
I think it would have been more interesting to present the political version first, and then explain the effect with the skin cream version.
The question didn't work for the guns. I understoond the cream question easly but I couldn't rap my head around the number in the city. You would have had to really make clear that 223 cities had now more/less crime in it. Even to that wouldn't even be a good explenation of the number as how many more crimes are we talking then. The question didn't work for cream and guns in the same way.
8:41 Loses 10 Iq for thinking he is smart infront of a camera
Another problem is that both parties are publishing “data” that supports their beliefs, so even if I do research, I’m no better off than if I go with my gut.
What’s the point ?
To me, the proportions came intuitively. Maybe I have developed that way of thinking from school/studies. Proportionate thinking should definitely be taught to kids in school. And it is very interesting to see that belief has such a large impact on our minds.
I think it's shocking that even accounting for "Science Curiosity" Republicans are less than 50% likely to agree that there is solid evidence climate change is man-made.
I answered correctly, does that makes me dumb? :)
Me deliberately trying to get it wrong🤡
I love how so many scientific studies involve tricking people -- sike! You are the experiment.   In other news, I agree with what you are saying around @10:30  People are actually very similar across political spectrums... but if you are deeply entrenched in one side, the other side looks terrible.   but the truth is it is all a lot closer to the middle than either dogma would have you believe... :/
So this has nothing to do with the question about the balls that reach the goal faster? Dang it.
it seems like smart people would get it right. it takes math skills to get it right. it takes MONKEY SEE BIG NUMBER. to get it wrong
Does this mean that standardized tests need to consider the test taker's political ideologies, social/racial affiliations, backgrounds, cultures etc. anything that contributes to the individual's epigenetics to measure whether or not the individual is biased or unbiased in answering regardless of their numeracy?
If buying eggs is not important, and you run out of eggs, do I go outside just to buy eggs? Nah I'm lazy. But bread is very important, and you run out of bread. Ok, since I will go outside and buy bread (it's so important that the need to buy it exceeds my lazyness), then I amortize the cost of going out by buying eggs as well. Buying eggs when you have to buy bread is psychologically cheaper than only buying eggs. With ideas is the same: rewiring your ideas is a costly operation, and you will avoid doing that unless something important is happening which will amortize the cost of rewiring your ideas. Your brain will prevent you to pay that cost otherwise. So it's cheaper to assume that the data is wrong, a lot of context has been thrown away, or just apply some cheap bias, to avoid going into the very expensive journey of facing a cognitive dissonance episode and rethink a lot of stuff. Is it stupid to assume that there must be something wrong with the data? Depends on the kind of problem. For things with social impact we know intuitively and also by experience that trying to reduce social phenomena to numbers almost always goes wrong, so that tool of rejecting the data is not even a stupid thing to do. It's the perfect tool for the job of avoiding cognitive effort.  However, with the cream we don't usually have any preconceived ideas, so there's nothing to rewire and we accept the reality whatever it is.
These 2 sets of questions do not necessarily show political bias.  Is that not (forgot what it's called) the bias people have for already learned information vs completely new information. As in, none of the people knew anything about the creme and were therefore just following the limited data you provided. Whereas everyone knows about gun control, has large amount of data and an established opinion vs the limited data you provided.
AHAHAHAHA this study is terrible.   Crime is influenced by 100 factors. If you want it to be equivalent, the cream question should stipulate that both the people using the cream and not using the cream (that's not a control group BTW, a control group would be using a placebo cream, not no cream) also use hundreds of other products on their skin constantly. Then you'd have some of the logic people used for guns, like "maybe the cream isn't helping, but it's protecting against the other stuff"
The real lesson here is that people in the middle are effectively no different than people all the way to the left of the curve.
The truth is we have no free will. We have the illusion of free will.
Define Smart:
I don't think this necessarily has to do with tribalism but how Epistemology works in general:  It is the theory (in this case our worldviews) that shapes the way we interpret the information, not the other way around. If data contradicts theory, we don't ditch the theory right away, but we try to find out what went wrong from bottom (data collection) up (theory).  Just to give a silly example, if data showed that no gun control raised "casualties", a republcian may explain it as an increase of criminal "casualties" and argue that crimen overall decreased. They would be interpeting the data rather than just accepting it.  I will admit tribalism may prevent us from rethinking our beliefs in this reviewing process, but I don't think it is the full story.
10:00 IMPORTANT ~ listen to this guy Govs keep us fighting each other for a reason
All that Derek does with his videos is trick you into thinking they're interesting for the first 2/5 of the video, long enough to get his ad revenue, and then steal the content of someone smaller than him and present it as his own. He's not a science communicator, he's a biased, out of touch person that believes some people are less than him and that he can fool them and make money off of them, sadly not much different than the standard person of power
I consider the number varies as data inc
If you think you are smart, you are probably not so smart
8:40
nooo don't ever go political, that is like _the_ point where everything goes to sh**
So political parties are like tribes, that numb our judgments. So they're basically Cults.
So refreshing to see an educational amazing channel getting 220k+ views within an hour! This is some great work you guys are doing! Thank you
Many buzzwords are created specifically to create division. There is a group of people that need such division, with enough tools to create it. If we stop using climate change terms, they will create new ones just to go against it. I do not agree with the conclusions  of the video.
Hey, they found a problem the average American on the street can answer.
Isn't the actual answer to the question that the skin cream appears to result in more extreme reactions? Being 2x as likely to make it better, but also 3x as likely to make it worse, while it appears based on the numbers presented that a significant portion of the no-skincream group had no change?
Great correspondent
Man, I kinda wished he had put the gun control version before the skin lotion version. I am very pro gun, so I would've loved to see how biased I am or if I am ignoring data to fit my agenda.
When I was growing up, our Federal government was classified as "government by compromise".  The idea being that 2 differing views would be able to negotiate to a compromise solution that allowed for a functional set of policies and governance.  Compromise is no longer allowed, apparently.  Not only do we need to have the curiosity to find the truth and the bravery to accept that truth, we need willingness to compromise to allow for governance.
I would’ve liked to see how Libertarians or centrists answered these questions.
I'd say guns reduce crime because people think "I'm not doing that! He might have a gun!". But of course one lot thinks guns increase crime because people get shot and the other lot think we're in a movie "Killing bad guys" to reduce crime.
"We believe what we believe in to fit in with our tribe": Golden words
Ideology should not be defended; it should be justified and malleable by data and science.
8bitpianist is the owner of this comment section btw
Being liberal or conservative is a social construct.  A dynamic social construct- as societies are always changing.     20 years ago, liberals were anti war and 6 years ago they were anti corporation. That’s no longer the case.   These studies are for marketing purposes only.
... Interesting.  So in effect this study highlights that there is a hierarchy in types of rationality?
1:59 "math doesn't help". Goes on to explain how to solve the problem with math.
We just need to stop “BLAMING”!!!!
Although I think my numeracy is good, my first reaction to the data was "why is the data being presented this way/why do the results seem to not have the same amount of participants" and is that a valid objection to answering. But I think if I must answer given what is provided then the result seems reasonable. Maybe that's more of the science mind, trying to recreate the construction of the experiment instead of just looking at numbers on paper.
Trying to always consider and if possible prove yourself wrong seems to be the best way to avoid this issue.
9:10 I came to my beliefs in stupid ways, but I'll change them in smart ways. don't confuse the creation of beliefs with the changing of beliefs, please.
i like how the title isnt even on the video lol, its just a study on peoples reasoning and not inferring to logic
Regarding the commercial at the end. The FBI fudged the numbers for 2023. It wasn't a 2.1% decrease in violent crime,  it was a 4.5% increase instead.
So basically, politics make people stupid lol
This makes perfect sense. Humans are not robots. We evaluate other things higher than being calculators.
I think someone saying "there could be other factors involved" is a viable thought. They understand the variables they just don't agree with your conclusion.
Since your "fits my rule" video (on confirmation bias, can't remember the title) I try to take an evening, every now and then, to prove myself wrong on something I feel strongly about. It has helped a lot! I either get a better understanding of why I am right  (if I failed) or I learn something new, and change my mind, which is just an awesome "aha!" moment 😁 I keep a list of things I changed my mind on (and sometimes even changed back) to remind myself. I hope it helps. Thanks for teaching me that!
Wouldn't someone being more science curious eventually lead to them being more science intelligent which then leads to people being more polarized?
I’m a well educated person and I firmly believe that All politicians are liars, no matter what party they belong to.
awesome video!  I do believe that in countries with a bipartisan system, it is more likely to have this behavior than on countries with a 4+ party system. Mainly because one does not have to identify with a party as an integral part of one's identity.
Sorry Derek but this study is bogus! Conservative people are less smart, that numeracy appreciation is definitely not equivalent. And you can't scale up the results of a simple school problem to a super complex one with a lot of unknowns and variables like Global Warming.
9:28 i wasn't expecting Maharashtra people and the Chhtrapati Shivaji Maharaj's flag
This video is curiously timed for me. In my country there's no elections right now, but we did face a great natural disaster recently that killed thousands and hurt dozens of thousands. The devastation is unprecedented, but the government response was, to put it lightly, lackluster. The regional government and the country's government are from opposite political parties and wouldn't put aside their petty politics to send help where it was needed, so the people got their hands dirty and started working instead of the military. Young civilian men and women were carrying out corpses from collapsed buildings, cleaning up rubble and mud with whatever they could and assisting as many hurt people as they could. They also provided shelter when available, and rescued farm animals and pets by the thousands. The people got together and acted solely based on their empathy and humanity while politicians were too busy measuring their hypothetical genitals.  For me this recent occurrence and this video are a call to a new way of thinking: politics are not a necessity. We need no politicians governing us, but rather studious and prominent leaders on their fields of expertise. It should be mandatory to have a career and a distinguised background in a field of study in order to be allowed to make any big decissions. We should be forced to know the careers and backgrounds of our governors and be only allowed to vote if we have done our homework, in an effort to minimize the amount of people who vote out of a gut feeling, rather than out of reason. And we should all realise that those who currently control our countries do not have our best interest in mind, regardless of what flag they defend.  I think it's about time we reinvent democracy, and the first step is realising it's not working as it should. I don't claim to have all the answers, but at least I believe I properly identified the fact that there is a big problem, and that we should act on it as soon as possible.
So the title is misleading. Smarter people aren't doing worse, they are losing their "advantage" more.
you did not explain what is numeracy score in this video and how someone gets that rating, I find this video lacks basics unlike your other videos... where first you explain the basics then going to advanced things
I’m not sure what context you’re giving people, but there’s a lot of assumptions you have to make to answer these questions that heavily affect the answer such as with the rash one whether people actually all had the same kind of rash or the same severity. With the gun control one you might ask what kind of people tend to own guns.
So basically, people who have an emotional intuition about the answer are less likely to consider data, analytically, and reach the correct conclusion?  That checks out!
Confirmation bias. And often when considering open mindedness, people only want others to be like-minded to themselves, not themselves be open to new opinions.  Even with extreme and undisputable evidence, people wish to double down instead.
Is it that when there is confirmation bais the brain is like no need to check that answer. As the fear of getting the answer wrong in front of my peers does not exist
2:39 How the hell did smart (high numeracy) people think "oh big number good cream". And why is the chart bleeding.
This video absolutely failed to deliver.  Try again, and this time do it without an agenda and bias, and you will be able to get the message across way better instead of people feeling confused and irritated
a smart person with bias will perform worse than a smart person without bias. BIG SHOCKER!!!! This channel is a joke now. unsubbed.
Similar to how highly educated delude themselves into believing one can magically transform into the opposite sex.
I’m inclined to think “crime improved” and “crime worsened” are the problem. crime improved - an increase in crime or a decrease in crime, obviously the intention is to suggest it’s a decrease in crime but when adding belief to it 🤷‍♂️.  I’d be interested to see what happens if you reframe the question
The mind is like a parachute... it doesn't work if it isn't open 🪂
this is largely a consequence of the  Internet imo, as the Internet has made us far more connected to like-minded people creating a self feeding cycle. I feel like I'm insane saying the exact conclusion of this video for years. THANK YOU!!
I wish you would've presented the gun control question first
Pseudo-cientific propaganda garbage pretending to be neutral.
Am I absolutely crazy to think it's hilarious to see someone in a Maga hat talking about how they would have to believe any evidence that they saw that was good evidence? This is the same group of people that whenever they find evidence that doesn't agree with their position, they claim a global conspiracy
As a self identified smart person, I accidentally do this to save brainspace for other computations, like writing a bot to auto answer this question for me. On the spot, I will use theorems that I have ingested to quick answer.
the main problem (as pointed out in another video of yours) is the two party system. people feel as if they have to fit into a very selective and distinguished party. a rating based voting/ political system would allow people to reason with less bias. very interesting video
All this proves to me is people are too fixed in their viewpoints and refuse to acknowledge actual data. For instance Trump supporters will claim that he did more for "securing the border" than past presidents but that is objectively wrong as the Obama administration deported more undocumented immigrants than Trump. This is why modern politics is such a disaster. You pick your horse then distort information to try and make them look good.
Chad.
America is full of bigots on both sides of the political spectrum. Nothing new...
As a retired analyst, this study does *not* prove what they are claiming it proves.  The two sets of "numbers" are not the same and to say they are is straight up fraud.  "Lies, damn lies, and statistics", where you pick a small set of numbers from a very large and complex group of them to "Prove" a point when it is not actually proven at all and can be completely the opposite.  The first question on skin cream, each point represents a small (single person) and simple (skin cream or not) variable.  While there are outside contributors, they are likely to be covered by a large enough sample size.  Thus the results are likely to be fairly accurate on using vs not using the skin cream.  The second question on gun control, each point represents a large (city) and complex (crime rate) variable.  There are hundreds to thousands of outside contributors, many of which are likely to cause a larger change in crime rate than enacting a gun control law.  Just showing a very simplified chart without going into any controls to take into account outside contributors will always result in people who agree with the results just accepting the results and people who disagree with the results actively wondering if the contributors were taken into account.    What the study does prove is that people are likely to disagree with "simplified results" on "complex problems" that are counter to their own experience unless they know how those "simplified results" were obtained.  The better someone is at processing this type of data (numeracy score) the more likely they are to question a simplified result to a complex issue, especially if they disagree with the result.  That is because using such "simplified numbers" as prove of something that they actually are not has reached the point of mass saturation in society today.  What they should have done is instead of skin cream, they should have picked a bipartisan issue (positive or negative) with complexity as the control.  Even better if they had two such controls, one of which is bipartisan negative and the other bipartisan positive.  As it is, their study is nearly worthless.
This proves I am not smart.
@Veritasium, The guy at 6:00 got it right, didn't he? The script makes it sound like he made a mistake by using him as the lead in for the graph of conservatives getting that question wrong.
“Why do people come to the WRONG conclusion when presented with a fallacious premise?”  Tribalism and bias certainly influence our responses, but if the premise of the survey is fabricated data presented as real… then there’s a dishonesty to the survey.  Yes, both sides fall to their bias, but the thought behind a “wrong” answers that better reflected reality may still be more sophisticated.    “I’ll look past this specific data to respond based on a having dug into this topic before” is a different error than “here’s a response I’ve been programmed to regurgitate.”  Still an error - but one is more honorable than the other.
So the solution is to, Obviously, remove the two party system.
You're not studying what you think you are.  You're actually studying laziness and concern.  They're not terribly concerned about skin cream so they're too lazy to push back or even consider that the data is wrong.  The moment they care, they're far more likely to consider the fact that we're ignoring in this test; there is always something about any given data we don't know.  Worse still; there's always the possibility that the data we're being shown has a bias.  The fact that this data is secretly designed to test political ideology is proof of that.  You should never take any data somebody gives you at face value.  You should always question the results.  The only difference between the two studies was that on skin cream, they just didn't care enough to bother.
9:50 the reason why religion exists
I mean, people who are actually smart will recognize that both of these questions are stupid. There are too many unaccounted factors that you can't just write off by saying: "Uuuuuuuh, that's not an answer. Improved or didn't improve".  And yet, so many people give an answer with confidence. That's depressing.
This, right here. People don't realise how big of an impact that 'subconscious bias' plays in day to day decision making. I myself am not a 100% unbiased, as my 'gut' often sides with what's presented in front of me, regardless of if it could be tru or false, but still I feel like I'm fortunate enough to constantly weigh all my views in a regular manner. I usually don't let others know about my 'weighings' because I end up being hated by ALL political groups if I do that. Because the fact that all politicians are imperfect and have misdeeds to their names is simply unfathomable to people. Ps. I'm from India, so tight political scenes exist there as well. Already thinking of an experiment that could've gotten similar results here
As long as the “prize” for winning the election is so large, you won’t get that collaboration. This happens on every level of society, even inside corporations. Outcome based rewards will get it. Governments should have a “basic level of performance” that any governing party must deliver without compromise, measured and verified by the judiciary. U fail, you,re out and new elections without that party on the ballots.
Humans are cursed with two impossibilities : the impossibility to be fully rational, and the impossibility to be fully irrational. One is always gonna influence and feed the other. What this video shows is that we have to be careful with our own minds in order to be socially and politicaly more constructive.
This is simple. I was questioned on the numbers, everything else is irrelevant. My subjective opinion after the numbers is holy different from objectively addressing the numbers in the first place. Don’t be sheep to your feelings people.
I'm sorry, but this is terrible: the reason why educated Liberals don't think a lack of gun control lowers crime is because it DOESN'T and, given that they are educated, they are well aware of that empirical fact already. Why would you assume that you are confronted with a fake study, as opposed to assuming that a) the study is real and therefore concluding b) that the study must show that gun control reduces crime (just like essentially every other real study on the topic does)? This is just elementary Bayesian reasoning, which is a paradigmatic example of rationality, as opposed to irrationality!  That would be like showing people a "mathematical proof" that 2+2=5 and then scolding them for thinking that 2+2=4.
People who get the question right : "Wow! I am smart." People who get the question wrong : "Wow! I am smart."
almost as if politics cloud judgement
I would have liked to see a "no change in rash" column, even though the ratio of improved/worsened is better in the control, more people in total did benefit with the cream (not the question, I know).  It doesn't necessarily help to answer the question they presented right away, but more information is usually better. Sometimes. LOL
At 9:00 i don't quite agree. Because the question comes in two fold. You're arguing that they think they're openminded and are answering the wrong thing as we have proof they won't be. But to you the question means. "If you find evidence that you dislike* and goes against your beliefs, will you change your mind on something?" *Keyword being dislike*. But the way the question is phrased is "If you find evidence that you choose to believe, would you change your opinion on the subject?"  A flat earther can read evidence to the world being round, but if they don't believe the evidence, it's not evidence to them. You're asking them a question with the premise that they already accept the evidence given to them. Of course 95% of people would change their opinion if you give them facts they also believe in to change their opinion. So using that question to prove people consider themselves openminded when they're really not doesn't really fly with me. If you want the real answer then you have to frame the question differently. Gun nuts would be willing to pass a gun control law if you gave them compelling evidence to prove it's for the better, it just so happens none of the evidence we have is good enough for them to consider it evidence. It's just that simple. I happen to believe people can understand they're close minded if you ask them the appropriate question.
Democracy and in particular political parties are reinforcing our evolutionary biology, i.e. tribalism.  We need to have systems that actively work against them.  Break up political parties and enable decisions on individual issues.  Give more weight to votes that are scientifically more literate.  Introduce courses into school curriculum to teach scientific literacy and logical reasoning.
I find the most effective solution to this issue:  Don't have a tribe.  Limited friends, limited family, seek objective reality.
This is probably the most important video veritasium has put out. Thank you.
A bit upset with the title of the video being misleading, but still a great video that as many people as possible should view. A little white lie for the cause.
Interesting
Thanks for making a shorter video, 30 mins is a lot of time to dedicate to youtube in a day
Got lost in the study wording, assumed both studys had the same amount of people and most said it didn't change their rash, im half way in and just now realized why the study seemed off 😆
Interesting video! I scored first question true and based on the title, I thought I hope I'm not wrong on this particular question. But as video explained how smart people are more leaned towards their bias,  I deduce one thing, that people even scoring 7 to 9 on numerology scale may not be as smart as required them to be to break their bias and understand that the terms are coined to drill through brain from the both sides, while those scoring low may be people who are more self aware that they lack something in that area and therefore more open to education.  While person scoring 7-9 may not be that open to understand that there is more to learn for them.   In the end, the normalisation curve that is shown from study may require to people taken from different groups based on "median" score or something where those who have been found smartest may fall in middle category or may be test need to be little more deep.  Don't really know how to feel about this study, though, interesting video.
was this series of experiments ever conducted outside of the US?
Stephen pinker has some work showing how politics makes people dumber   So this experiment fits the bill !
No.  There are scumbags who will selfishly "social hack" to create their own tribes (cults) to create an us vs them divide.  E.g., D. Trump.  We need to see when the cult leaders are building their own armies and keep away.  Our parents raised us to act independently of them - right?  We have to see through the con.  And then see if you can deprogram the cult members.  How do you get someone out of the investment of cognitive dissonance?    An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.  BTW, this test might also be showing that ppl who are educated are more confident in jumping to conclusions than uneducated.
"Left or right arm?"
I think another huge problem here is willingness to accept a fact just because it was read off a piece of clipboard, I feel like what the “smart” people were doing was they saw an issue they didn’t agree with and were trying to justify their prior opinion somehow with the new found data
Of course, vertasium posts a highly political video ahead of the US election to boost viewership. Haha.
I find it hard to believe that a person who understands basic probablity / conditional probability AND if that person is made aware that the study and the numbers are fictitious will get it wrong just because the question goes against their ideology.  I think either the numeracy scores are not calculated correctly or people are not made aware that they are supposed to treat this as a math problem (and treat the numbers as fictitious). May be they gave the wrong answer as they thought the numbers are incorrect and doubted the study.
I got the answer wrong, then I thought "omg I'm so stupid", then I remembered the title and got happy again lmao
The compression is making it really hard to focus on the subject, this background animation isnt it
7:52 "illegal crime" sir, what other kind of crime is there?😭
What's missing here is a  "neither" column
Talking about issues in a non-partisan way is good in theory, but it's hard because some politicians want polarization and partisanship and use it to their advantage. One of the biggest problems with politics in the US right now is that its very hard to have a reasonable discussion of important issues.
How do we fix the issue? The Experiment gave the answer. Try to be as unpolitical and abstract as possible and build your opninion on the abstract rather than the direct emotinally loaded subject.
Sorry but this is incorrect and false information. Smarter people will get that question right, whereas dumber people will get it wrong. Happy to help!
This is not the gun control argument at all. Crime is not the issue we debate. It’s whether or not my rights are second to government control in the name of safety
Well, I guess I am smart
Damn I never expected there would be a test that I would prefer to fail over pass
dude ur video ideas are nothing less than awesome
kinda misleading title? the smart ppl didn't exactly do worse than the dumb ppl
Science is not apolitical. As for the US, there exists a fervently anti-science party and another one that's only marginally less horrendous. Best of luck americans!
Thing I understood is, on average Republicans are stupid compared to Democrats. This is not a new finding.
I think it's the problem of mistrust, not the problem of comprehension. If results of a research aren't aligning with your beliefs you are more likely to mistrust it. So how do you counter it? By doing a more through research right, then nobody would mistrust your conclusions as everything will be clearly laid out. Well, no we come to a problem where pretty much nobody would read a 400 page document that describes details of this research meaning for 99.9% of population it would still come down to personal beliefs and which politician can present the topic in a more advantageous light while keeping people engaged.
I think part of the problem is that when you see information that doesn't match up with your beliefs, you are more likely to question the data source.  There is too much dubious methodology and statistical manipulation going on out there.
Study proves humans are biased.
Attaining knowledge can make oneself rigid in terms of notions, but being curious curbs that rigidity and helps with broadening the mental constructs along with imparting some rational thinking. Knowledge with curiosity is the key🙌🏻
No one is the same when in front of a camera (or an interviewer).  Our need for approval makes us hasty and careless about numbers and statistics.
Stanley Milgram proved this years ago
There is a problem with the framing of whether "good evidence" would convince you to change your beliefs vs. showing a table and claiming it is "a study" suggesting the latter should be sufficient. Do you know how many junk "studies" there are that just give the "researchers" the answer that they wanted to have, especially in sociology? And how often do you think a guy standing on the street with a sheet of paper misrepresents even studies that say the exact opposite by using cherry-picked data points to try to convince people of their political view? I don't know about you, but I would certainly want a lot more context than the single table and "trust me bro" to convince me of something that I know for a fact isn't true. This isn't a contradiction to the claim of open-mindedness, it's justified skepticism.
Dang it got clickbaited to us election video phuck
This is a phenomenal video. Keep it up!
sooo, it's a bias check study ?
So, if a person has a strong bias, that bias will affect their interpretation of data? Whooda thunk it!?
Is it just me or did the guy on the thumbnail look like Wil Wheaton?
Surprised to see so few comments about this title. "Smart people do worse"... Compared to other smart people. In reality they do about the same
You were at the university of Arizona!? Sending love from Tucson!
Let's say the total n for each treatment group is 1,000. If you don't take the cream, you have a 10.7% chance of improving, and a 2.1% chance of getting worse. If you do take the cream you have a 22.3% chance of improving and a 7.5% chance of getting worse. So I don't think it's as cut and dry as one is better than the other. If you want the best chance of getting better despite risks, you'd take the cream. If you were risk averse to getting worse, you'd avoid the cream. It's more accurate to say that the cream is more likely to have positive and negative effects than to say it is patently worse.
Why is Dereck asking his young self the quuestion?
Emotions and belief will make you so unreasonable  As trends seen science is being challenged women are men men are women
Why does the exp. not consider if the patients' rash stayed neutral? (neither improved nor worsened)  Rash is something that can get better or stay the same or get worse over time.
Ok but after watching this video I did concede my long held position that i am rationally thinking person right? So if I accepted evidence from this video and changed my opinion about me being a rational person..... That should practically make me a rational person right? Or does thinking that make me an irrational person once again?
The politicized version is flawed on its face: any random person is unlikely to know any actual stats on skin creams.  The real finding here is that EXTERNAL knowledge (real or imagined) influences things.  Honest people knowledgeable on the actual stats are well aware of the fact that crime is inversely proportional to legal gun ownership.  On the left, you have people ignorant of the stats parroting what they were told, or aware and lying to push gun control.  On the right, you have people aware of the stats, or or ignorant and parroting what they've been told (and just happening to be right).  In short, they dismiss the stats that don't align with what they thought, immediately seeing them as wrong, because it's a subject they either know about or THINK they know about.  This probably has relation to the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect, as well: when reading an article about a subject of which we're knowledgeable, we immediately notice what it gets wrong, but turn the page and read an article in the same publication on a subject we don't know much about, and on average, people just take it at face value, "forgetting" that the publication just got the previous subject completely wrong.  People don't know about skin cream, so they have no reason to question the numbers; people know or think they know about gun control and crime rates, and so they dismiss the numbers that don't align with what they know or think they know.  End result?  Left believes the fake numbers when they don't align with reality (more gun control = less crime) and ignores them when they align with reality (more legal gun owners = fewer violent crimes), and vice versa for the "right."  You could likely get similar results with a non-politicized subject, by framing in terms of a field of expertise, then asking people with that expertise and those without.  The experts will likely ignore the numbers that don't align with reality and give the answer that is correct for the subject, whereas the laymen will just evaluate the numbers provided.  This is correctable with the right methodology, though.  If properly advised that it's a hypothetical study, not real numbers, then you would get people capable of higher order thinking getting it right (because they're able to divorce themselves from the subject framing and look at it as a pure maths problem), and those not getting it wrong (because they can't separate the maths from the framing).  Similar to the classic "if you didn't have breakfast yesterday, how would you feel?" question.  Those capable of higher order thinking would rightly respond "hungry" as that is what one would expect to feel if a meal they normally eat was missed.  Those incapable of higher order thinking respond "but I did eat breakfast" or "I never eat breakfast," missing the point of the question and unable to understand and evaluate a hypothetical.  As to your crime comment in the ad spot, the "crime is down" depends on two things, 1) More than 1/3 of precincts nationally no longer report stats (resulting in fewer reported crimes, despite the Crime Victimization Survey data confirming what is obvious to anyone looking: crime is continuing to go way up), 2) starting measurement AFTER the massive crime spike during the lockdowns.  So yes, it's down 3% from the peak reached after the massive increase a couple years earlier, IF you exclude more than a third of the country, with the most violent cities being part of that third.
Ah a classic statistic question that I learned in high school lol.
Schopenhauer vindicated.
People turning off their brain when it comes to political questions is not a surprise to me. They just stop thinking and repeat their side's rethoric.
This just shows how important it is to surround yourself with people who disagree and why we should always try to challenge our own beliefs
The title is incorrect. "Smarter" people (which is also not a correct label) don't "do worse," which can be implied to mean "do worse than less numerate people." Rather, they do not interpret the data as well as they would if it were a different topic. They still do at least as well as less numerate people. The deficiency is compared to themselves, not to others.
I'm sorry, while I agree with the general sentiment that in general we are closer than we are apart the presentation here is absolutely insane, even more so when bringing up climate change.   It's not reasonable to say "your views are not based on careful consideration of the data" when 98% of the world's scientific community agrees with one side and 2% with the other. This is extremely irresponsible rhetoric, and would 100%only be used as a cudgle against people who rely on scientific data to form their opinion on anything.  Climate change is as political as flat-earth is. And, as usual, the concessions are not asked of those sowing harmful anti-Science rhetoric, but of actually science literate and curious people.  This study can be used as a tool to formulate and promote science backed policy to people who oppose it for unreasonable reasons, but the way it's presented just added another tool for anti-science groups to oppose actual data based views because "you only think xyz because you're a [insert latest insult] - here, this study so"  Good intentions, potentially disaterous execution.
I think we just discovered confirmation bias
What amount of liberal people didn't answer the question opposing their beliefs at all and asked to see the data instead
guys confirmation bias is SO interesting
The problem is, we no longer trust the source.  With good reason.
Cult fit is the main problem, logical thinkers are present in abundant now a days but they are not divergent thinkers, they are many convergent thinking and they play every ball same way because they are said so in schooling because it is said that would settle them, so I think the root cause would be this type of thinking, in history every time, again to guide the misguided people comes divergent thinkers who are leaders like ceo's, national fighters etc,. come into play. Looking into divergent data would be a strong problem for convergent thinkers because beliefs get hurt, but as u said if political leaders speak truth even though it hurts their followers emotions on something like climate change, we could see the change because the convergent thinkers seems to follow the higher officials blankly
This study actually determined that (many) people of all strips refuse to change their beliefs when presented with BS stats.  I for one am glad that many people aren't so gullible.
therapist : centrist veritasium isn't real, he can't hurt you  centrist veritasium:
So he left out most important conclusion: people who don’t have strong group memberships and don’t view themselves as part of either of the political groups, can’t be influenced by group membership to be stupid.
Is similar research also done in other countries? I feel like the US is more polarised than many other nations. Do the results stay the same in countries with more political parties and how are the results in a dictatorship?
This is not the gun control argument at all. Crime is not the issue we debate. It’s whether or not my rights are second to government control in the name of safety
I think a little nuttiness comes out on our social media pre-election as well. On a local Facebook group I am on, there was a recent "chem-trail" discussion started that devolved by more than half of the respondents (who I believed to be across the political spectrum) into a belief that there was an attempt at changing the weather (with YouTube and shared phone screen capture "sources"), poisoning the populace or even "controlling" voting in the election (also comments that the 'chem-trails' were much more grid-like and patterned, as if it made a difference). We are a light-blue rural community that would be a waste of effort for this alleged political mechanism.  It was eye-opening to see responses from people that otherwise seem intelligent and educated...
This fake study fails to integrate critical thinking skill, which makes the premise completely flawed. My first thought, before going to the mathematical answer was, "what kind of rash? what area? cause of the rash?" All of which are variables to the statistics provided. Without the data, the study isn't comprehensive and isn't empirical. I asked myself the same question, before arising to the mathematical answer for the gun question. "What size of city? What type of violence? What was the cause? What type of gun violence?" All of those would play into the statistical differences between the metrics, making the data flawed. The true problem with it isn't the numbers provided and how people interpret them, it is the lack of critical thinking about how the study arrived at such numbers to give them credit.
By looking at the thumbnail it looks like Nash Equilibrium kind of. Still watching the video is left..
Shocking find, motivated reasoning overwrites logical reasoning... don't get me wrong it's important to check on it but I mean, it was kinda obvious.
My bet is that numeracy-high Republicans tend to distrust data on political topics, so it would be much better to conduct a study on respective epistemologies itself  I, for one, am very glad about collapse of trust in institutions, especially looking at it as an outsider - to US. They are completely unfit for 21st century
I mean.... If doing nothing, gets 21 people's rashes better and taking the skin-cream increases the amount of people's rashes worsening. Then of course i am going to pick that its worse.
Type of data I completely ignore and trust in myself just like with the jab my family complied to get😅
It's basically the same as religion; whan a fact goes against their belief, they question the fact rather than their belief.
I really see my bias influencing my answer here. Check your bias!
If you sanewash Trump then you are going against reality. Instead of being partisan, listen to what he says. Trump wants to get rid of elections. If he wins, this could be our last vote.  2/3 living republican Vice Presidents are voting for Harris. Vote for Harris to preserve democracy. Vote Harris to preserve America.  "Vote for me this time, and you won't have to vote again. We'll have it all fixed, so you don't have to vote again." - Trump
I'd like to see this study done in a country where guns are not an extremely divisive issue. I simply don't buy that you can get Americans to set aside everything they've heard about guns and just analyze the numbers objectively. People will automatically assume you're trying to manipulate them or get trick them into changing their beliefs. This is worsened by the fact that critical thinking courses are not required in US schools. I think the bias would greatly lessen if you framed the question as a simple math problem and not an attempt to manipulate you politically, as nearly all political questionnaires are.  Also, it's rather embarrassing that a science education channel is suggesting ignoring fundamental science denialism for the sake of political cooperation. That's not a long-term strategy, and we need more science educators denouncing anti-science extremism in politics. Denialists and anyone else who has divorced themselves from reality have no place in politics and should be pushed out. This video also seems to imply that tribalism is acceptable and rational, when it is the very thing we should be fighting and instead encouraging a less needlessly divided society.
Makes me think of a statement I've heard many times:  "It takes a lot of education to believe something that stupid!"
Thank you sir!
Finally a Veritasium video I can play along with and get right.
Yeah but not me, though.
So it’s mathematically proven you are not immune to propaganda
I think you will have a deeper issue too, data-driven ideology vs. principle-driven. I know that I, for one, believe in a certain set of principles and my ideological beliefs are purely the logical extensions of these. Data might tell me about the consequences of these principles, but those consequences merely have to be dealt with within that moral framework, rather than abandoning those principles. For example, it is against my principles to steal, even if you could show me data saying that I'd get a lot of money through stealing with a very low chance of being punished. I'm still not going to. When these principles clash, there's no numerical literacy that can help you.
It's just excess confidence and lack of effort.
So what I’m hearing is we need to better regulate the sale of skin creams
8:58 the problem here is that people aren’t willing to change their beliefs based on evidence that somebody else constructed, because people aren’t willing to trust somebody with the opposite worldview to correctly gather the statistics and present them in an objective way that accounts for all the meaningful factors.  I’ll give an example of a scenario where I DID change my perspective on a debate, albeit a silly one; the new mace weapon in Minecraft. Originally I was on the side that it was a fun and unique weapon that added lots of interesting mechanics to the game, and that the high level PvP players who complained about it were just overreacting, but after a multi-day back to back argument about it, I finally decided to load up the wiki and start gathering the numbers. This meant taking note of how much damage the mace did per block fallen, then applying damage reduction formulas for the protection enchantment and armour. You know what I found? The original mace could insta-kill a player with full prot 4 netherite armour in only 12 or 13 blocks of falling. I IMMEDIATELY changed my perspective on it, and went HARD into denouncing it in its current state. It doesn’t matter how rare it is, the strongest possible armour in the game couldn’t prevent it from killing you by a jump off a villager’s house.  And you want to know what’s worse? *I did my math wrong.* It wasn’t actually around 13 blocks, it was only FOUR OR FIVE. My math was wrong because I applied the armour formula before the protection enchantment, and if you know anything about each formula, you’d know the enchantment is a flat 64% reduction for max level on all armour, but ARMOUR reduces less and less damage the stronger the attack is. So, if you apply protection first, it only lets 36% of the original damage through to the armour formula, which blocks a greater percentage of it than it would if 100% was let through and only THEN applied protection. Even now, after all the nerds, a mace with density 5 only I’m pretty sure is STILL capable of killing at under 20 blocks (but I might be wrong about that, it’s been a while since I’ve done the calculation), but it’s much better than before.  So what’s my point in all this? I did the calculation, and I was able to form my own conclusion out of doing so, INSTEAD of having to trust that someone else did it correctly. This is why every time I recited this fact to anyone who tried to argue from the same perspective I used to hold, I walked them through the FULL calculation I performed, even though that usually resulted in them responding with “I ain’t reading allat 💀”. If you can’t trust somebody else to do it right, then you need to verify it yourself. That’s how people come to change their minds in light of evidence, convincing THEMSELVES what the stats mean instead of BEING convinced by someone else.
Made up studies  can be recognized by people living in the real world. The skin cream study has no real world impact while gun control does. There have been thousands of REAL studies done by  REAL people concerning the impact of gun control laws on crime. I know the results of many as some of your respondents also must have. I don't like how you present your approach as if it scientific or even relevant for that matter. But you make a lot of money with your psychobabble.
Good luck with the election America, may you get the most competent leader. Maybe get more parties in the future to actually have a choice too.
What happened man 4 vedios in 30 days 🫨🫨🫨
Actual smart people would ask how that data is gathered, how good was the sample, a breakdown by level of education and country of residence...instead of taking those numbers at face value, especially in a politically charged subject where both sides are likely to try manipulating public opinion through bogus partisan studies.
I've never felt the need to villainise the other side, and I think that it is one of the most dangerous things in politics. Left, Right, Liberal or Green, if you are calling the other side Evil, you are not helping.
What I take from this is, when shown hot-button political issues, people are far more likely to throw out all logic and reasoning in favor of their political biases.
I got it wrong for the wrong reason. Does that mean I'm a genius?
Veritasium has the best music
By the way, the title is wrong/false. Numeracy is not equal to intelligence. I suspect a solid correlation between the two, but it feels like a leap of logic to justify this title. Assuming it's close enough to justify them being called smarter, it's still wrong: People with higher numeracy did tend to be more right than those with lower numeracy, but they were also more susceptible to falling prey to political bias or you could say they couldn't be budged out of their previous convictions with the "evidence" you've shown. So they became proportionally worse than the others, but were still on average better than the low numeracy ones. I'd be glad to read someone point out where I'm wrong if you think I am.
*politicized people do worse
Yep, and this is what political party leaders realized decades ago; ideology and tribalism generally trumps logic and reasoning.  One is fast and automatic whereas the other is slow and deliberate.  Evolution has molded our behaviors to favor this style of thinking whereas logic and reasoning is a much more recent innovation.  I would also argue that we evolved to value cohesive group identity over  individualism.  Logic and reasoning and scientific inquiry just aren’t as innately compatible with our wiring and as such have a weaker effect in comparison.
America ladies and gentlemen...
evidence is subjective. we believe in quarks proven by science and math which visual is created inside our brain. we are watcing an anime of quarks, planet, malls, and black holes in our brain. artficial consciousness is dreaming... unless you are blind, thus you cant collapse the wave function. right?... this is a conspiracy theory for entertainment purpose only.
Either you aren't phrasing the question correctly about the skin cream or your answer is wrong.  You simply asked if, on average, the skin cream made the rash better. Well it improved the rash in 223 and only worsened in 75. So, yes, it made the rash better.  I can only assume you are asking if the skin cream is better than doing nothing?  But then you go on to say that cream made rashes worse, which simply isn't true.
He says "We believe what we believe largely to fit into our group." But I think it's the other way around. There are groups and clusterings of belief because there are actually different kinds of temperaments. Democrats and Republicans are dispositionally distinct.
When people come up with copes to explain their wrong answer, why does it prove they answered "wrongly"; they've come up with a cope to explain why they are wrong. (thus, rationalizing their answer)
Your title is clickbait. Your experiment is as posed to YOUR target conclusions as your subjects' posed problems. This is the most predigested self-justifying thing I've seen you do and you have gone down significantly in my estimation.
I dont believe most conservatives think that less guns will decrease the amount of crime a city has because it removes them from already law abiding citizens. The point is that criminals will already break the law to acquire a gun while a law abiding citizen will learn and respect the firearm for their own protection. That is an illogical statement.
The smart people didn't actually do worse though, they just didn't do as well as they would have if the question weren't political. Same problem with the colloquial meaning of "dunning-kruger".
This video is meaningless. It doesn't challenge anyone's ideas.
Even knowing the answer, I find myself immediately getting emotional when it triggered political buzzword lol Yea this is pretty much why politics is so hard
I could imagine a situation where I was presented this data by your friend, but depending on how I was approached I might get defensive. I'm hoping that the study was more engrossed than your friend though.  If its something that I have an opinion on already there is a great chance that I've already read studies or something similar on the subject so if you're just showing me 4 numbers on a chart with little information on how that is gathered or tabulated then I'd try to find the flaws with it assuming that someone who's walking up to me on the street is trying to have a "gotcha" moment.  However if this is a research paper I can sit down and read through and compare to other data points I've already seen then it could and has influenced my view rather easily.  I'm hoping that the TED talk study you showed was much more in depth than 4 numbers on a grid at political rallies or on a street corner. It almost feels like this was another test to see how we view data we're preconceived to believe... is this a test.. did I pass?
The mind is a mechanism of adjusting reality to our feelings
Problem with avoiding political is when one side deems real science or numbers as political.   And your example of responding to climate change is that it’s too late. Science has been warning for decades.   I get that you’re trying to stay neutral but like you said in the outro, when talking about crime or other things like the economy, or oil, or so many other things, one side looks to reports or experts. The other side just listens to their god emperor.
This question misses the total number of participants in the study with the cream and with the placebo. If the numbers are equal, then the answer is that there is another factor or factors which determines whether the person will be helped or harmed by the cream. Maybe the exact nature of the rush was not known, maybe different underlying causes can lead to this rush, maybe it depends on whether the individual has dry or oily skin - there may be multiple possibilities, but I do not think the second answer (makes it worse) is correct either.
bro i got it right im smart though maybe just built different
Banger
Haha! I’m smart and I still got it right! Wait..
the OBVIOUS conclusion is that a Republican with numeracy is still a bloody ignorant! LOL
This video IS my political belief.
Haha interesting to try to reverse think what you're doing here during elections. You paint a picture to make people feel included, on the same level. But climate change science is absolutely clear, even big petroleum groups admits its man made and despite that one group don't want to accept something that is not open to debate. Same goes for gun control. Immigration is a more interesting subject. Same goes for free trade. Interesting.
Lucky me, I have no tribe
Huh. I did the math and was not fooled. But then I'm the most irrational I guess, since I am highly autistic and not sociable. (I don't mind a bit of democratic _socialism_ though.) To un𝔣𝔘ℭ𝔎 your survey you should at least offer people a calculator, even though it is a simple rough calculation if you round a bit. Takes the stress off the need to give a quick answer.
No villainizing the other side? Trump and his followers tried to overthrow the government. Their views don't matter anymore, they are traitors to America.
Now the question is: does this only go for the completely divided U.S. Or does this also go for other countries where people are taught to remain a bit more critical.
You realize that pre-2008, politics weren't a dividing factor in our society.
veritasium: we go to the streets to see if we can replicate this findings also veritasium: not showing any quantity data of their research and showing data of original research without confidence interval🤔
Smarter people should calc R^2
You have a blatantly wrong reasoning in your scheme that you present at (1:30). Since both the outcome of "nothing changed" as well as the outcome of "worsened" are BAD for the sufferer. You just blatantly wrongly applied the measurement of "good" and "bad" resp. "even worse".  Whenever you let a single patient chose which way he wants t be treated while showing him those results, every patient with a glimpse of brain will chose the case WITH the new balm, since his expected outcome is by far better with that one.  Smarter people not at all do worse with those questions. The questions are just far worse than the bad ones you usually encounter as a pupil at school. That's a mistake of the question maker, not one of the applicants.  If already your basic measurement is wrong to the bone, none of your conclusions may become any better.
I really enjoy the politically neutral look at this. It's not saying what the actual effect of different policies have on the problems they try to solve, because that just reverts back the the tribe think and makes people feel accused of being wrong. It just scientifically breaks down how the parties interact with the information they're given and the cognitive biases we don't realize we experience at all, especially when it refers to politics, where most of anything is just a matter of perspective, more than it is a matter of fact.
Veritasium is on a weekly spree now... wow so many videos.❤
This is part of the argument for one-party states.  If everyone belongs to one party, partisan politics don't colour the arguments.  Can we really be sure that party pluralism - especially polarized two-party systems - are better? What do the data say?  I guess it depends on what your political goals are, in more ways than one.
Clickbait title
id like to say im smart, i say the cream made it worse, will check in soon
For those who are interested, if we use the thumbnail table as our data and perform a Chi-square test of independence, we can be about 94% confident that skin cream usage and rash improvement are independent of each other.
Very nice video. But could you please lose the black background changing every millisecond. It is really irritating.
This is not fair at all and I am a bit peeved how this is presented as a political issue. Cream example is an isolated example where the participant can think of the problem as isolated mathematical case separate from the real world. Gun control in cities meanwhile has so many nuances and is connected to everything around it. If you rephrased the cream question to "x cities told people to apply this cream to it's citizens" and "x cities told people to not apply any cream at all" you might start seeing some doubt as now the problem is bigger than just a handful of folk doing a study. Do people sell the cream? Forge a resistance to repel council officials from applying cream on them forcefully? Do other creams muddy the waters? This gap in logic is that they no longer think as mathematicians, but as economists when dealing with the issue. I am sure politics plays a huge role too, but it's not logical to me to jump to such conclusions.
I've often been warned that smarter people also have greater ability to out-smart themselves. Fascinating that  it's true in a way. This also highlights how healthy some self doubt and criticism can be.
Choose liberty since opinions and preferences are universal, but shared ones are divided and not best solved by government forced unity.
People of average intelligence are less likely to change their assumptions if presented with contrary data?
I'm sorry. I believe global warming is real because I studied the science behind climate change all the way from Highschool to a course on renewable energy in college. Do I believe that because of indoctrination because I would love to be wrong. I would love to just get over this climate anxiety.
I'm amazed at how many people were reasoning on the politics of a "fictitious" study. The study isn't real. It's just a math question.
We asked people if they would change their political views when presented with good evidence, that they researched themselves.  We then presented them with bad, made-up evidence, from one study from an unknown source, presented with confusing labelling, and noted that they did not change their aforementioned political view.
Hey Veritasium, I didn't like the bait. I love you but this is my first dislike.
The title is very misleading. It's not that smart people are doing worse than stupid people. It's that smart people are doing worse on the one question compared to other. But smarter people would also do worse on the drastically harder or random question.
wow this is fascinating and wow it totally ties into my own reasons for my OVS framework hehe
My iq is 90. Take that, nerds, I almost have 100 percent.
With the skin cream question my gut reaction was to treat it like a question on a test/the exam in the experimental design in environmental science course I took last year, where among other things we had to identify issues/weaknesses of hypothetical studies.  Yeah this one group shows a higher proportion of people with worse symptoms than the other, but why aren’t the experimental group and control group the same size? How were people selected to begin with? You said a rash, but didn’t specify if it’s from the same condition, so is it the same condition in all individuals? Did you control for environmental factors or pre existing conditions like allergies that could affect the prevalence/severity of the rash?  Was the control group using any other kind of cream to manage it prior to using none during the study? Why isn’t there a placebo group?  Is this a pilot study/the first study on the treatment? If not how does it compare to other studies and is there a meta analysis in them? Do the authors have any relevant biases/what are their biases? (I.E. If the skin cream company is funding them they may either consciously or unconsciously manipulate the study or results).  I know it’s not the point of the question and overall video, but not looking into the methodology, biases, etc is how you get stuff like Wakefield’s infamous MMR vaccine study
This is a terribly interesting and important topic. I think a similar study needs to be done on top professors and researchers, because I suspect you see the same bias. Ideological beliefs are more fundamental to individuals psyches than learned things like scientific method and abstract data. That creates bias, and that bias affects the scientific community as well. In that environment, it becomes easy to distrust ‘the numbers’ because you distrust the bias or motives of those producing the numbers. Personally, I think the solution is not to shy away from the ideological gap, but lean into it in a structured and constructive way. Competition can actually bring people back together, if done properly. And it would prevent people on both sides from  getting too comfortable in their own rabbit holes.
Chi-squared test is required, I think.
So im dumb for getting it right 😢
smart people are not actually doing worse. Misleading title. just clicked the dislike. DO BETTER Veritasium
This shows how unfortunate it is that the US is one of the few (I think) democracies where you don't have to have 50% of the votes to govern. With a 50% threshold, tiny parties can be really powerful in coalitions. But a winner-takes-all system leads to 2 balanced big  parties and no smaller parties. As a result, there's more polarization, and less critical thinking since jumping tribes in the US is a big deal (you may loose your family, your job) while in a country with a dozen parties...meh...you could vote differently every time and no-one would care, since  there  are  no  "big  tribes".
Rationality is not how people come to conclusions - it's what they use to justify them to other people. They come to conclusions first and then justify them. VSause has made a video about that too. p.s.: also, it's not even an evidence, p value is 0.0574 for demonstrated contingency tables, so this data can be thrown into the trash immediately.
Honestly I’ve really noticed this. People who are really smart start sayings some really weird things when they have an opinion outside of their field of expertise.
lol Yeah MAGA are open minded...
Thank you @veritasium for calling out the tribal aspect of humanity. Politics, social media, and for profit news outlets have all figured out (like despotic world figures in history) how to exploit tribalism for power. Not sure how to resolve, likely awareness and reducing the profit motive of division, but 🤷. Afraid the entirety of humanity’s known world history show us the probable outcome though.
A video about the influence of politics before elections - Veritasium is destabilizing people
It would be an "easier" question if the number of people in each study were equal. Intuitively, people think if you have 2 study groups they have an equal number of participants. In this case the "cream" group had 298 people and the "no cream" group had 128. So, your intuition is fooled by the larger number.
It would be more interesting if there is "fake news" aspect inserted into the equation. The only problem with division among Americans is that people get news from different sources. If only there is a media who give people all the truths without any hidden agenda, Americans may not be divided as today.
Oh so im goated.
Wish you showed the gun control one first so I could test myself
The cream made it worse. 25% of the 298 test subjects that used the cream got worse while 16,4% of the 128 test subjects that didnt use the cream got worse. Therefore a higher percentage of the non cream groups got worse.
maybe amerita was just le friends we made along le way
Smart people: oh so this is the thanks I get for trying so hard?!  Average people: huh? Good for me I guess.  Me at this very moment: see I’m glad I can upon this when I did, I needed to check myself, be humble and not be to tough on myself…
Another clickbait title?
As much as this actually is a direct liberal propaganda, this was still the most - neutralistic, least - polarized, knowledgeable propaganda.  Then there's a jackass called 'Johnny Harris'.
Honey, wake up, Veritasium just dropped a politically motivated video produced hastily to be on time for election day
a minute of silence for statisticians who make studies just to be completely misunderstood by the average person
Oh yes. In recent years, tribalism and rationalization is all I see. And I know that makes me sound aloof, because I'm sure I'm subject to biases as well. But reading Jonathan Haidt and  Steven Pinker, as well as opening myself to ballot-splitting and voting third-party, has definitely changed my perspective on how we do and don't follow the data.
We aim to the middle!!! 10:52  Everything is situational a d has context. We're all different and eequire subtle differences, its very hard to be all or mostly right. There are sooo many of us. INTERVIEW ME!!
11:42 interesting how it just so happens that your chosen example is not a political opinion but rather knowledge on the unequivocal fact that the change in the climate is caused by human activities, and that science has observed this to be the case. In your example, too, it is counter to your point, because those liberal democrats with higher science intelligence are far and away the most likely to arrive at the correct conclusion. (and conservative republicans are always, no matter how intelligent or curious on those scales, rather unlikely to arrive at that conclusion)
The thing is, people who are smarter put more time into thinking about society, which hinges on their social experience and all sorts of cultural influences (yes, even those silly dramatic video essayists). This means they have constructed a more thorough worldview with thought processes and axioms and reasoning that's more thorough, but at the same time a greater source of cognitive dissonance. It's a curse we have. It's impossible to fully mitigate cognitive dissonance, and to neatly explain away all the edge cases with easy narratives and theories.  I have my own ideology, pragmatic yet radical, and I believe in it, even if I recognize I too am just as influenced and prone to confirmation bias than anyone else. That is because I've run it through tireless reasoning and exploration, and looked at various other idea systems too, and settled on what made most sense to me. I'm only human, though, so I still jump to conclusions all too often when I don't put the time into researching a topic. Then again, time is the foremost of every worker's scarcities.  In many ways, though, an ideology that differs from the capitalist hegemony becomes a tool of analysis. It lets you analyse things from a different angle than most people. Not everything happens because capitalism, but pervasive as it is when you really think about it, things might as well be. So that does make people like me more prone to jump to conclusions, but at least it's often with interesting reasoning that prompts other people to consider that different angle as well.
BTW Derek did not kill himself for outing the whole american political landscape.
"my side", "their site" , lets try to fix our problems together by improving comunication, not taking things personaly, by choosing what is best for all, not just for yourself, less devision more cooperation.
I am good at math , but i am used to look at everything in the question , and take only what matters , so i didn't get it wrong .
it might no be as irrational as it seems. With as many cherrypicked bad science there is to go around, people might just trust their preexisting beliefs more than the source of the data in the study they just got confronted with.
This is basically an experimental look at the psychology of tribalistic thinking. As you said, we all evolved to belong to a tribe and it is very rational to agree with the tribe for survival. I have always been a very lonely person. I do not associate with any political group, religious group, or even social group. I spend all of my time alone besides being forced to interact with people for work, and I do have a handful of friends that I rarely spend time with. I have found that when I do try to discuss politics, both liberal and conservative people tend to get upset with me. One thing people often forget is science is also a group of sorts, and is subject to tribalistic mindsets. I once had a meteorologist think less of me because I had mentioned that most published research is wrong, which is something I learned from a Veritasium video. They, as someone with a science degree, thought I was anti-science for this perspective. I do not think I have benefited at all from my lack of tribalistic behaviors, and in fact I think I’d probably be doing better in life if I had a group I could blindly believe. If I had people that had my back. Realistically, that behavior exists because it’s beneficial for survival, and while I can survive just fine not participating in that behavior, I am put at a societal disadvantage.  This is not to say I’m immune to misinformation, or incorrect assumptions, but they do not come from a group I associate with. They come from my own life experiences exclusively. It’s really hard to explain this to people because often times even people who feel like lonely outcasts will find groups of others who feel the same. That’s where you get incels or extremist groups. I literally have no group. I don’t socialize online, I don’t leave my house besides for work and groceries. I don’t talk to my own family for the most part. I have a few friends but they are not themselves a group, they don’t know each other. They all have their groups and I am not a part of their groups. And what’s more is this lack of interaction is not something I view negatively or positively. I’m quite content being alone. I’m mentally and emotionally healthy, and financially stable. At the same time, I function well in social circumstances, I just don’t usually seek them out. I enjoy spending time with people, but I do avoid it all the same.
The info is just not sufficient because "better" could mean the rash disappeared entirely and "worse" could be it got just a few percentage worse, so the better is way better than the worse.
Babe!! Quick come in here, there’s a new Veritasium video out!
Btw the footage at 9:28 is not from a Maga Rally but likely from a Shivajayanti Celebration in Mumbai, India. Seems a little bit out of place here.
If everyone realized that politics are different sides of the same coin they wouldn’t hate each other , seems obvious to me, I mean they even split the teams into colors like we did in 2nd grade 😂
I do wonder if higher numeracy shows higher polarisation simply because people with higher numeracy are more likely to be more educated, more likely to have free time to pay attention to politics, and therefore more likely to have preconceived notions about political debate topics
an unearthly threat would make us one sad that we have come to this point
You highlight a political tribe as one reason. Interestingly some people who should know better, and are wrong on the ficticious data they're presented with, are not wrong on the existant real data. So for some there's already some preexisting "correct" belief, that overwrites this contextless set of data, i can imagine the subset of those, that are curious enough quickly interrogated, where this little chart is coming from. "Avoiding loaded terms" however, feels silly. If using "sea-level-rise" instead helped is great and all, but there is a real measurable phenomenon, that is a significant contributor to sea-level-rise and the term we use here is climate change. So maybe one step closer in the shortterm, however i see no hope for solving the root cause. Most importantly, outside of science communication, lies the realm of sociological sciences. One must interrogate how climate change became a "loaded term" to begin with. Who has loaded it? With true information? With fabricated information? With misleading presentation of information? With greenwashing of information? With fundamentally racist information? One comes to ask, why? To what end? Oh my, tax breaks for whom?  It's true, it ultimately resides on intelectual curiosity, rigorous scientific process combined with good journalism (presenting that real data). Discussions on the boundaries of political tribes are not productive. Interestingly when you take a small random sample, provide them experts and the real world data, discussions are much more productive, see lottocracy. And interestingly, their solutions are not always part of the established political parties' platforms. Therein lies the weakness of the duopoly in the US especially. Fake problems and fake solutions can only motivate so many real people. Add on top undemocratic electoral structures and the voter turnouts should not be a surprise to anyone.
None of the above  Get some sunshine and vitamin D
If only there were scientific studies on gun control. We could use them instead of making-up numbers to prove politics are making us dumber. Maybe science can provide real data to help us make an educated decision.
I’ve always heard the more you learn and know the less anwsers you have
They have done a fictional study were people were asked if they can accept to answer a question based on fictional data. The person doing it went crazy.
My conclusion: Your opinions make you stupid.
How would you talk about gun control, without calling it gun control?
So the “smartest people in the room” are often wrong.   Now I understand why we are in such a mess.   🙈
It's just like the meme with a normie and a genius agreeing, and a liberal midwit disagreeing.
Unfair. Because of the hint at the beginning, I immediately solved the proportion (just a habit since chemistry classes in school). And now I should decide if I'm stupid because I got the correct answer, or if I'm an outlier. Actually, it is just spoiled test results.
Ha! joke's on you veritasium I am a dumbass, MY TIME HAS COME
Horseshoe Theory! Yay
Oh great, thanks for indirectly calling me stupid...
So people are indeed making their own „alternative facts“ when their believes are being questioned.
Maybe the barely smarter  Republicans are just pretty good at ignoring evidence to stay in their preferred conclusion
Honestly, the experiment seems way too simplistic and structured to give you the result that you want – your "tribal" theory.  The theory may be true, but the evidence you supplied is really lacking.   To me the reason people don't score as well on the Gun Control fake-study vs the Skin Cream fake-study is not only because one is a political topic and the other is not.  The reason for the skewed results is the Skin Care study is totally simple and believable while the Gun Control Study seems way to simplistic to be real, and even if it is really is a study about the behavior of millions of people, not a simple Skin Care study with a few hundred participants.   You fake Gun Control study is too simplistic to be believed.  So guess what?  When faced with a fake study of a complicated issue that defies the person's beliefs, they tend to second guess the study or even suspect it is BS (which it exactly is!)    Where you see people ignoring evidence, I see people using critical thinking.    And that's why issues like Gun Control or Abortion are difficult – the "correct" answer might be obvious to you, but it is based on what you consider words like "freedom" and "moral" and "best outcome" to mean and has very little to do with statistics.     And then you bring Global Warming into the conversation as if that is anything  like a Skin Cream study!  Come on, dude.  Even though I support the "Green Agenda" fully, I don't think global climate is as simple as a few hundred people putting on skin cream.   No matter your numeracy level, you have to be a Class A Moron not to consider these issues differently.  Finally, the idea of calling Global Warming "Sea Level Rise" is exactly how we got the term "Global Warming".  It used to be called "Climate Change", then it changed to "Global Warming" because people denied Climate Change.  Now you start calling it "Sea Level Rise" and people will start saying the ground  is sinking, the levels aren't rising!
A.K.A. confirmation bias
I swear to God I hate that whereever I go on YouTube, US politics seem to follow me.  Great video though, very informative.
You can't change views based on one random "evidence" on the street. You need various sources and lots of evidence. For the skin creme, nobody cares so okay, whatever
the title is wrong. there is no correlation, not a negative one
Nice to see a relatively fact based channel completely scr*w up their science by selecting people who respond to vox pop situations. Sorry dudes and dudettes, you did not include the biggest contributor to the errors made, social pressure to answer.
red/blue Crip/blood. red team blue team. Democrat Republican is just a way to keep people calm. It's not bringing people together really. you relate to people who are of you. good or bad and that just a moral opinion. which is blinded by how who and when you was born and grew up and idolize. they know that and play on it. if it was green vs purple yellow and orange. if there was 4 teams and not 2 running for office. if men gave birth and women work and fought wars. would you think the same. sorry cant say that data is real. I own it trys too be. but people are people. and people change. like horses to cars to robots. and are fooled by are own brains, pictures, and justify moral reasoning. what you think today may not be tomorrow's reasons. and you Mr veritasium like picking at subjects, and always twisting them upside down sideways. which is how people need to think. Thank you for your beautiful mind.
OMG, how come people don’t get it?
How can a study on the indoctrinated public account for anything useful 😂
This idicates that polarization also impacts our lawmaker's ability to make data backed decisions.  So polarization isn't just making it harder for our governments and institutions to find compromise.  It's literally making our leaders dumber.
Politic beliefs make people stupid. Paint me shocked. Btw I wonder if this is unique to USA given how polarised they are
So smart people don't know how to do fractions? I don't think all smart people miss it.
This is scary, sad and unfortunally not surpriseing
That explains why I like to piss off both sides and don't have any friends
"On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse" Me: "Oh no, I'll get it wrong" Me after getting it right: (whispering softly) "Oh no..."
@8:24 That's a man who believes he is way smarter than he is 😅
The interesting thing is that these comments appear to be a better depiction of the ideas expressed in this video. Individuals who have a predisposition to believe that substantially all of the polarization comes down to political beliefs are much more likely to take this street interaction study at face value; whereas, individuals who understand that humans are much more than just flawed calculators (or just know some information about proper control design) are calling out the deficiencies of the "study".  Keep in mind, the studies referenced in the video were not conducted with the same procedure displayed by the channel itself. Including the external rating of numeracy via testing.
The other problem is that the data itself can be tainted/biased. Look at the tobacco industry. They generated lots of pro-tobacco data using real science (tm). Is the skin cream data funded by a skin care company?  It's hard to even know how impartial the data is to begin with, let alone make judgments on it. It gets even more precarious for controversial partisan issues. Imagine a study that showed that homosexual parents were less effective than heterosexual parents when it comes to certain types of child development. That sort of study could be career ending for a lot of researchers; and that is the sort of thing that causes biases in data/studies.
We are all brainwashed. So putting someone else down cuz “they are brainwashed” just says how much you don’t know that you, yourself, are brainwashed. After all, every decision we ever make came from outside information, and we are 99% likely to read what we already agree with.
Entering a zoom call of people that I think they think the opposite and LISTEN… great take there.
Political bias can interfere with reasoning. Yeah, obviusly.
Crazy good video, short, informative, just what most of us need and a topic that needs wider recognition! (EU citizen btw but it is similar here)
Smarter people get it wrong? I knew I was the chosen one after I failed in 3rd grade
thank you for this. i have observed this in real life due to the circumstances of the way i grew up and until today i hadnt seen an actual survey on this crucial matter.
As an economist… this doesn't surprise me in the least. Humans aren't actually logical decisionmakers; we decide based on intuitive, emotional, neurochemical triggers, with our logical and deductive reasoning chasing along behind trying to justify the emotional decision. Without emotion, we can't really assign value (in economics jargon, utility) to any outcome.  This is borne out in neurological studies of certain kinds of brain damage. Occasionally people have some kind of trauma to the brain that effectively shuts off their ability to feel emotions, and they become utterly paralyzed by even the simplest of choices. With no ability to feel which option is more desirable, there's no impetus for decisions.
Democracy is  a demo crazy
I don't know if I agree political bias is the only cuase of the differnce in these results. For a skin cream study most people will either assume there are no confounding vaiarbles to the data, or just assume they can be controlled easily. For gun control (and most political topics) people have a much more instictive (and often example justified) understanding that confounding factors and suvey structure bias limit the accuracy of the result, and will therfore have other external reasons to belive the study itself is flawned. This gives people a greater reason to distrust the data's face value result.
@ 7:12 rashes improved -> rashes decreased. rashes improved -> crimes increased  why are both considered same, is my Numeracy too low 🥸
Ask a question that people have a strong existing bias on and they're less likely to analyse the data and more likely to apply their bias...ok, yup.  I understand that, yes, it's obvious to those who understand that but it's useful to communicate it to those that don't. However, I'd suspect the viewership of this channel are generally intelligent and open-minded so more likely to be aware of this, same as those attending that talk.  As I wrote this, 11 mins in, I thought: this is a Ground News ad...lo and behold 😄  Anyway, as an IT analyst, a root cause solution would be great. Teaching people that their preconceptions are wrong doesn't work if they're too biased to listen. Nobody is convincing me that pink cars are a good idea, but thinking objectively, I find the colour suits some designs pretty well (R8, some Lambos, etc)...but I still wouldn't drive one because bias.
Nice bait Sir
It's not just tribalism though. Facts on their own are not very useful. You need to embed them in a self consistent model to give them sense. Most of the facts that are embeded in that model will not be personnaly experienced. Most of the time, the model itself will be given by external sources you will have to trust.  For instance, if a Thermometer gives a temperature of melting ice way above what it should be, you don't question the established temperature of melting ice (the model), you question the thermometer (the "fact" given to you by the thermometer). You do so because you trust encyclopedias, teachers, and so on more than one device.  If some fact don't fit readily in your model, you can either bend the fact, question the reliability of the fact or update your model at a great cost.  Solving the contradiction without introducing new ones may require to reconsider the trust you put in your sources, and thus whole sections of your model may lose their support.
What matters here is that they need to know the gun control results are fiction for the sake of the test.
clickbait again
Would have been interesting to see data on people claiming to be independent
shows people shitty graph. "wow this graph is shitty" they said... confused *proceeds to not care about data.
i paused the video to look at what answer i would get and i came to the exact same conclussion as stated at around 1:40 so have i beat the system? or will i regret thinking it through we shall see
The cream study still doesn't make sense to me. The higher number shows more people were helped by it. Twice as many people were helped by it than then no cream. Sure, 3x were hurt by the cream, but the study objectively shows more people were helped using the cream. It would be a great product for people to test to see if it helps or not, and if it helps, they can use more of it more often and expect to be healed faster than people who use no cream.
I would call it a political bias. But i get the clickbait title.
10 minutes in and I still don't know if the cream improved rash or no Feeling dumb af
This is sooo true. One cuban always says: "People dont look for truth. People look for things that make them feel good, fit their stories."
At 0:15 that looks immediately like the University of Arizona! Great times!
Some people understood this mechanism pretty good quite a while ago. Therefore they try the exact opposite of what you suggest in order to drive people into emotions instead of rational decisions: - They use buzzwords  - They discard science  Better vote not for these guys
What got me stumped for a while, is that the experimental group and control groups had uneven numbers. And that there was no "no change" group xd...  Yeah, since its a fake data, this stuff is unnecessary, but it still felt so odd haha.
Finally. Justification.
This is not a math problem.
Yeah the moment you started using a made up data is the moment you poisoned your data pool and made any sort of follow up conclusion invalid. Especially when you use data about a subject that has already had studies made on it and likely is knows to some of your participants (gun control), adding outside data to the data pool, in a situation where you did not even define how the supposed "improvement" is to be measured. In the case of something solid and devoid of context as rashes a ratio of improvement to worsening is logical, but in case of something as abstract and dependent of other factors as crime rates one can easily conclude that a total level of change is the logical conclusion of "improvement". This entire study screams of bad methodology. Don't use made up data and don't remove the context of said data!
No gun control is better add gun control and you will have no democacy in usa in 20-40 years
Something I struggle with is not trusting Academia & the Media to be unbiased politically. I'm a centrist who pisses off both sides, try and look at each issue individually.  I have noticed a heavy bias to the left side of the political isle, making me distrust the data that's suppose to be unbiased.
This isn't about smarter people doing better or worse, its just seeing who can control their bias and who lets their bias control their rational thought
When it comes to the matter I'm always wanting to parse out the truth on how the social dynamo is performing across variant policy prescriptions. My issue as a voluntaryist is the employment of fundamentally coercive systems of governance which as we can see even socially attempts to force thought normals that might run counter to productivity. We must acknowledge the equality of man amongst fellow man in determinability of your own outcomes. I don't care if a fundamentally rights-abusive policy choice outperforms the rights-protecting status quo, I can't allow rights violations. We are all allowed to make our own way, and we should be working to create a society which de-regulates that kind of approach. Less Kowloons and London's, more Freetown Christianias.
Dropping this before one day before the US election result is Definitely something Derek would do xD
Howdy hi hi,      I think a big part of what this shows is there is a biological trend toward held bias.  While we were evolving, survival often times valued being right less than having an answer that increased the odds of survival.  For example, a person turns around and sees a person standing close to them and is startled and perhaps lets out a startled cry or scream.  Then then see who it is, and says something like, oh hi Mom.      The sudden loud noise made by our subject is pro-survival because if the person standing close were a predator.  That scream might scare off the predator.  But if they are wrong and it's just Mom standing there.  It isn't a hindrance to survival to simply express oh you startled me!        What does this mean?  I think it means that we are biologically programmed toward behaviors that can assist in our survival more strongly than we are programmed to reach the correct answer.  But given enough time, most people will eventually reason out why the intuitive answer was wrong. **************** Edit and post script.      Human beings, and indeed all mammals have an autonomic system called affective(emotional) empathy.  The way in which this system works, assuming that trauma hasn't inhibited or blocked this response.  Is that when we interact with another being, human, pet, or really any living thing.  Our emotions trend toward the emotional state of that other being, or interlocular if you prefer.  We literally give up how we are feeling in favor of matching the emotional state of whom we are interacting.  This carries over into our logic.  There is for example a certain wisdom in crowds.  If a restaurant is always busy, there is a reason for that.  Either the food is very tasty, or it is inexpensive to get a lot of food.  Maybe even both are true.  This, I think only reinforces the trend toward tribalism.  Those in 'our' group are safe, whereas, those in that other group could be predators.  So we tend to error on the side of caution.  Doing so increases our chances of survival.      And so, thank you good sir for producing this video and posting it.  Very thought provoking.  I hope your day treats you well.
Very nice video
the wording in the title is misleading, kind of clickbaity if you ask me :)
Wow. We live in a post-truth age!! Truth is the one that conforts us..  (Maybe Huxley was correct in the Brave New World.)
Im not sure they are smart
So the point is 'most people don't want to accept facts is those facts contradict something they used to believe'. That's some very common knowledge, try giving any westerner proves of how nazi ukrainian government is and they will deny it to the point of being delusional.
Big issue: When you gave people the chart saying "Crime improved" and "Crime Worsened"; They both can be misinterpreted. It should've said "Crime increased" and "Crime decreased".
basically, if you're smart, you can use your intelligence to block out opposion opinions, or use it to become more objective
"The beliefs of most people are not formed by a careful consideration of the data". We all nod our heads, but fail to internalize the implications.
a test that i can finally pass 😭
Excellent video. Smart people need to realize that they're just as biased (if not more) and not everyone with a differing view is stupid. Remember that all the great scientists or philosophers with differing views were seen as stupid by then smart people.  Simply put, don't think that half the country is stupid.
But how did it affect the quality of which patients' conditions get better when apply cream? did people get cured vs improved? how did the nature of gun related violence change. did encounters become more or less lethal?
@sochbymohak bg tone
I think the main takeaway here is that most people's numeracy was very low, and the people with low numeracy were straight up guessing. That is to say, most people don't know the correct answer, even if you give them good enough data to figure it out empirically.  That places a heavy burden on the people with very high numeracy to figure out the correct answer correctly, and to recognize whether they're really bothering to consider data at all.
It seems like tribalism explains a lot in the current political moment, but I think it's one step removed from the primary cause.  The problem is lack of trust.  In that context, my "tribe" is just the people I trust.  That said, tribalism isn't the only engine for trust - it's just the easiest.  The way out of this is to restore people's trust in more than just their political cohort.   Rabid individualism and self-serving institutions have done much to create the current crisis of trust, and building reliable institutions populated by people willing to speak & act in the best interest of those institutions is the best way out of this mess.  Unfortunately, I don't think we'll reverse this political/intellectual culture of self-harm before we hit rock bottom.
I must not engage in Partisan Views.  Partisan Views are the mind-killer. Partisan Views are the little inconsistencies that bring total obliteration. I will face the facts. I will permit my Partisan Views to pass over me and through me. And when they have gone past, I will turn the inner eye to see their path. Where the Partisan Views have gone, there will be nothing. Only I will remain.  (Honestly, the actual "Litany Against Fear" may well also be needed to be able to face the possibility of "your side" being wrong (on the specific issue). It can be very scary to even consider this. But it can be done. And, surprisingly, the Litany Against Fear is actually very usable! I recommend trying it, if you have the opportunity!)
I feel like this was a lot of work to prove something evident to everyone, but at least there is science about it. It's truly no wonder that people do not think much about the data if they believe they already know the answer about a subject. Another way of saying it is the less you think about a trick question, the less chance you have to figure it out the trick. About political polarisation, parties can be destroyed very quickly, even strong parties. Being French, I've seen the two previous parties becoming minority parties, so maybe that can be a start, although how do you actually trigger such a change is complicated and might be based on the meta political system and/or simply luck. Overall what people need is not science curiosity, it's a commitment to truth. They need to care more deeply about truth rather than the impression of being right. If they care enough for the truth, they'll inspect any and all information with great care and hold personal beliefs rather than group beliefs.  Thank you for reading, that's my time, you guys have been great.
Well, obviously the skin cream question is bad. It doesn't state that the experimental and control groups have different amount of people, which is strange. I presumed that there were a lot of people who didn't have any changes, especially for the control group, because if you don't do anything to your skin it will most likely stay the same. So the right thing for solving it would be to ask for clarifications. Most people think about it realistically, not mathematically.
Me watching the video so that I can intentionally get those questions wrong if someone asks them to me
Goated video!!!!!!!!!!
Without statistics you can't really say anything so :p
So...people who are bad at math are bad at math.   Also allowing emotions or dogma to influence your reasoning decreases overall performance.  I actually really like the message that we are more similar than it seems and that finding ways to work together is more important than spouting whatever dogma you hold dear.  I don't like the clickbaity title, especially since although performance dips in the middle, the most "numerate" still performed the best at the top end (as in: the smartest people are still the smartest if you want to use the word smart).
4:35 for the 0-1 scale: a difference of 2 points equates to 4%, which is barely statistically significant. emphesis on the barely. which is not 0. the difference here is MORE then 4% for the 4-6 parts i am honestly confused how you can be this bad at math. that is very very clearly a statistically significant difference. VERY clearly!!   That said, using this kind of logic alongside with links to political affiliations tends to never really be of any use to science or humanity. It's often merely a tool to "prove" the other side is dumb. Kindly knock it the f*ck off. [also all the maga & redshirt people alongside the 'bad math' speak is very clearly dogwhistling that republicans are stupid. whiiich i agree on. but putting this stuff into educational videos is tantemount to propaganda and just flat out immoral.]  Also, this is going in my logbook of all the times you failed at the college level math understanding that you so often claim to clearly have. Thank god this one didn't need a math professor to point it out.
If I were presented with the gum study question, I'd have a lot more questions: By how much did crime go up and down?  How similar were the laws? Were any of these laws paused/halted by courts?  Were there really hundreds of cities that enacted gun control laws?  The cream study is much more easy to control.  Itd be nice to test something political that is also easy to control for -- say COVID vaccination, or some other specific vaccine -- or even a vaccine for a made up disease.  If I were presented with the gun study that went against my beliefs, I would answer what the study suggests, but at the same time mention why I doubt that conclusion.  Even if the study agreed with my political views, I think I'd point out it was terribly presented and perhaps terribly run because I would hope "my side" would be better at presenting convincing data.  But maybe I'm deluding myself. 🤷‍♂️
like 90% of politics these isn't really about data thooo . . . more gay is a sin or if books are molesting your children idk food for thought
bad video cause its confusing
Actual smart people will always rely on facts before their political views, these people aren't "smart"
The fact that you didn't mention the revised more accurate FBI report that was later made public means you derek are participating in the propaganda that this sponsor claims to expose. It's not a great look for your sponsor. I'll pass.... Its no longer challenged that there was a substantial increase in violent crime in the last 4 years.
You can easily calculate if the cream is harmful or not.  With cream you roughly have 75/300 that got worse, without cream rougly 20/120.  Double 75/300 -> 150/600, double again -> 300/1200 -> 3/12 Without cream 20/120 -> 2/12  3/12 > 2/12. Conclusion: with the cream there was a higher percentage of rashes that got worse.
So if you get them right your either not as smart as getting things right would lead you to believe, or your intelligence is absolutely peerless. Now if only one could determine which...
Not just political, its gonna be any time someone is trying to sell ya something,  the one selling it is always keeping their own interest first and will give you the best data that markets the product in the most desirable way meaning that most data is often reduced to a subjective opinion and more often a down right lie.  Example Non dairy milk here are all the stats that say its so great and healthy and benefits ya in so many ways.... just omit the part about the dietary emulsifiers carboxymethylcellulose (CMC) and polysorbate 80 that are in there that cause colon cancer and will kill ya in a slow, painful, and horrible way.  But who cares the seller already got paid and moved on with their life to the next thing.  So An observation I see here is that switching to a politically charged message over skin cream instantly causes a disbelief of the material numbers being true due to the constant bombardment that we receive on a daily basis of falsified facts in relation to politically charged statistics.  AND that you can simply say i dont care to use a skin cream or using it is low impact, however politically charged messaging is a core fundamental attack on way of life and has impact on the viability of your life.  (I say instead of skin cream say cancer cure and have the numbers indicate full Remission and accelerated death to see what the outcome would be for a more fair comparison)  False data is given regularly and there is a wide level of other supportive statistics that we are privy to in tandem with the current data, as well as moral implications that outweigh the imposed statistic..... (i.e. when you say crime down or crime up Define what you mean by Crime as crime is on a wide spectrum, vs life and death are quite specific with exact definitions) that must be drawn from due to time constraints and limited data pool provided in the approach you took.  Political "Facts" are constantly being feed to us to prove an outcome but they are cherry picked on both sides to do so regularly.  So any time a political narrative is injected caution, and speculative judgement is warranted and validation of the obfuscated data is necessary and objection on the grounds of disbelief in the stated outcome is also a must due to the previous mentioned desire to persuade an outcome with missing or misleading data that the one answering has additional "facts" and "Opinions" on already
I appreciate what you're doing here, Derek. But I'll be honest, I'm too busy with my own life to worry about checking my political biases. I'd rather just not see news that has no bearing on my life or the people I care about.
A serious flaw in this study: both questions are based on very different experimental designs. Inference based on a controlled experiment (skin cream) isn’t the same as inference based on observational data. I think the authors may be the ones who need a bit of a refresher in statistical analysis.
Republicans are against gun control because it violates the second amendment, not because they think vigilantes with guns will stop gun crime, this a huge flaw in your method
Interesting video, as soon as I saw the skin cream table of better vs worse before any explanation or opinions, I instantly did a ratio and figured the cream made it worse. But then I realised, did I do that because of the video? Because of the title? Because the problem is so simple? Because it's a Veritasium video? I wonder...
Cognitive dissonance. People pick maintaining being in the group over the truth most of the time.
Summary: the divisiveness of modern politics is toxic and WILL cause civil war because people are, on average, stupid and gullible, and the clowns they follow will always use divisive rhetoric to polarise them because IT WORKS.
We really are just clever monkeys eh
This is what's bothering me in polical debates online from "my side" (left-leaning). They seem to think that "leftists" are much more rational and only state facts and that you have to take the facts first and base your conclusions of of them but I don't believe for a second that they themselves are actually doing that. They have the same biases and also make the same stupid mistakes in arguments they just happen to be on the same side as most people I know so I am discouraged to criticize them. But it bothers me.
Man. Great job again. I just wanna be like you guys when I'm older. Always sharing powerful messages to help society trough science and curiosity.
For now, i have only seen the first part : the skin cream. And, as a mathematician, I see a huge problem. You are trying to evaluate if people solve this problem right. But you have chosen a problem who has no clear answer. You haven't told how many people perceive neutral effects. Without this data you cannot answer the question because the answer varies with this data. Some people may have thought that the two groups are of the sale size. In that case, the correct answer is the other one.  So you are not measuring the competence of the people but the assumptions they made over the problem. P.S. i am criticizing this point but in general I really like your videos
I would be curios to see results from other countries as well + maybe from non-political people
I don't know about anyone else but the thing about my feelings is that they don't care about your facts.  In fact they grow stronger in the when faced with any facts, ESPECIALLY those which are contradictory to those feelings!
When I saw the table, before assessing the results, first question in my head was “what’s the sample size?” I would now want to know what’s the distribution of numeracy levels within the general population, and if my original question is commie or not.
Turns out critical thought is a universal path to truth.
Most think deep but not clearly. Nikola Tesla
While I am not an American, I appreciate the specific sponsorship for the video. It feels like you are trying to get neutral platforms involved and in this day and age of disinformation and propaganda, it is important to have reliable sources of information.
I expect the official research to not have this issue, but the "crime improves" on the board with a big green arrow going up is confusing my brain a lot. Does "Improve" mean more or less crime, and does green means good or bad? The point of the video is still very interesting, and once again I expect the research paper to not have this problem (not gonna bother looking it up though) but the field-testing looks "weird" at best.... Staged at worst.
I think it would be interesting to do a similar experiment in europe, in countries where theres not a two-party sytem. I feel like the two-sidedeness of american politics is a very special case in this sense.
I got the question right and I’m smart
Now control for autism
Aka confirmation bias? Came here thinking it'll be something to take me out of political content but it still got there hahaha.. Still loved it and with some great messages at the end!  I'm sometimes aware I'd protect an opinion even if the data might prove me wrong. But I'm also highly critical (of some data) knowing even studies suffer from bias.  So I'll try to UNDERSTAND things instead of just "knowing information" and go with Logic. There is no data that could make me believe there's less violence with more guns. It just doesn't make sense. Crime could mayyybe be different depending on many factors and circumstances..  Creams however I believe can be motivated by industries to make you believe a certain thing for them to sell more and some medicine (including this kind of product) sometimes helps the cause of an issue and often only help the symptoms, so I'll be more careful on how to analyze it.  I actually liked the woman who said the numbers don't mean much to her!  I consider myself a centrist for that matter even though most of my ideologies are left and some liberal. Not putting yourself in a box is the best way to see things from your own logic rather than from what people around you already believe in. I sometimes think people on the right are smarter in the sense of nature and evolution, protecting mostly your own family, race, direct surrounding, while people on the left are smarter on society and empathy. So even though I often disagree I try to still understand and respect opinions different from my own.
Dear @veritasium, this was interesting but also seems to make a similar error by itself. Namely, the 'gun control' issue is typically ideologically driven by republicans (and democrats are less ideological and more factual about it) and hence it seems to imply (very bluntly summarized) that republicans are 'less rational' than 'democrats' without testing a similar hypothesis for democrats. But you can easily make similar studies that find that democrats are not rational. You can find ideological statements that democrats will get wrong. Such examples could be in the fields of socialistic measures and the effect on the economy, law enforcements etc. etc. Overall, I dare to hypothesize that democrats are overall more ideologically biased than democrats, by far.
I hate politics so much. Coldest take known to man, yes I know, but man can you look at politicians and not think that every single one of them openly encourages hate? Honest question? I’ve looked at loads and loads of politicians recently deciding which to vote for, it’s no longer about policy they give us as little information as possible while just yelling names at each other. It’s childish.
Did anyone notice Wylie's surname is literally overstreet  who goes over street for research?
I love these type of videos but you need a VERY large set of participants to have better data. this is the problem with polls, lots of people dont pickup the phone so the data is skewed towards extroverted people in general.
Welp, looks like I'm an idiot. 😂
He looks so disappointed when saying “politics”
I feel like they kind of ignored that the trend was always increasing among like 7,8,9 numeracy, cherry picking that 7,8 were about the same as 0,1
Least political video about politics that I have ever seen.
This seems more about communication than any other thing, even if i got all right because i had context. you should have used a particular type of crime, like "homicide using a gun" and instead of worsened and improved you should have said increased and decreased.
Me that got the answer correct. I'm so stupid OMG
Yay, I'm smart. I deduced the cream made it worse. Go me!
so equating correlation with causation is the correct way to think about this table? interesting hidden bs-premise...
Great video
The plot twist is insane.
Not surprising to me. I follow the political spectrum from Second Thought and Vaush to Ben Shapiro and Alex Jones. On either side or anywhere in the middle people tend to cherry pick statistics and facts to support their stance. No one is looking to actually find the truth to political questions, and honestly I think most of the time the truth is that their is no right or wrong answer. What we really need is to find a way to work yogether to legislate a compromise that gives both sides some of what they want.
Humans beings aren't just rational calculating machines but filled with emotions , beliefs ,instincts biases etc. a world based on pure rational logic and is like that strict parent you hated as a child
How many people said that they don't have enough information to have a conclusion?
9:48 walk off a cliff and fly
3:09 jus answer the question bro
The problem with comparing the creme with political issues is that the people viewing the data haven't had experiences and "data" with the creme but do have experiences with the political issue. Their own context is distorting the data set with data outside the study. To me the take away is that it shows data can be used to manipulate people's so people have developed a resistance to the data collected by studies they don't trust.
Stick to material science veritas, their humanities demand another kind or repertoire
I’ve been saying this for years and I’ll say it here.  The current political climate is not about left vs right. It is moderates vs extremism. There is no difference between the extremist left vs the extremist right.
You can either build top to bottom ratio 223:107 = 2,08 vs. 75:21 = 3,57 or the left to right ratio 223:75 = 2,97 vs. 107:21 = 5,10 to see that the cream worsens the problem. Every scientifically skilled person (of which I assume a certain high intellect) would immediately notice this by looking at the figures.
Can you link the test / questions you used to determine the numeracy score?
The problem with the study is that for a skin cream, the answer is unknown if it works or not, yet when you put the results one way around, people who couldn't read the data were more likely to get it correct when the answer was "It works" because they assumed it worked.   When it comes to gun control, people already know the answer, so they are biased to the answer irrelevant of what the data says. They aren't attempting to read an unknown data set they are taking prexisting knowledge, like with the less numerate group and the skin cream, and applying that logic or knowledge to the situation.   Are people bias? Of course. It doesn't mean they are however wrong, you would expect the more numerate group to be better educated, on average, on every subject. Unless of course the dogma of that subject itself is inheriently wrong, or has been so politicised that it has become meaningless. As per this example, Switzerland has million of gun, it doesn't however have a large problem with gun crime, but that doesn't change the fact that where there is crime, guns become an effective method of enacting crime.
:/ you got me to click but regret clicking,
If the FBI is willing to lie about crime stats, why would anyone who's smart take your little chart at face value. There's 3 kinds of lies: Lies, Damned lies, and Statistics.
liberals are making my skin cream worse again😠😠😠 we need to make america great again!!!
we belive what we want to belive. truth is a hard pill to swallow
The actual realisation is that the "study" numbers are bad, and when presented with an unimportant context (the skin cream), people who are good with numbers are able to ignore the lack of a "no change" group and inconsistent group sizes to figure out a puzzle.  When presented with the alternative gun control narrative, it's no longer a puzzle; it's potentially very impactful data (given that you somehow managed to collect data about hundreds of cities' crime statistics). When it matters that the study is done badly, they're more readily ignoring its bad data.
?
3:03 says 223 people have their rashes worsened, 1:33 says 223 people have their rashes improved. I don't get it, is this a mistake?
Best Ground News tie in!
One way to help is to get rid of political parties. People would run on the issues instead of a brand.
I am pausing at 1 min.  My answer is that the question is flawed.  The question assumes that the skin cream made the rash either better OR worse, but in reality it made the rash better for more people and worse for more people than the control group.  So the question is ambiguous and can have multiple answers depending on one's interpretation of the question.  So until you clarify the question, there is no one correct answer.
Does not account for rashes that neither improved or worsened
So democrats are smarter than republicans, no surprise there
👇if you got it wrong 💀💀
Anti- vaxxers= Anti-gun. The only reason your alright is because the rest of the herd has the deterrent.
I would have gotten the correct answer. But also im a pharmacist who watches Veritasium.
10:40 want to end the partisanship!! Then ensure media is not this biased and vitriolic. Media now is driving this division far more then any political rhetoric. Demand they go back to journalism, not opinions.
Just in time before the election!  😄
thank you for confirming im dumb I got it right :)
Great
I don't think any of those charts mean anything at all, in fact I think they are completely uninterpretable without excessive context. Unexpected L Veritasium video. I worry that he didn't even try to understand what he was even talking about and just followed the script his employees wrote and directed. Maybe I am too stupid to understand the rest but I am a md and the cream chart contained no useful data at all 😕
I am stuck at the part in which I have an incorrect conclusion thus a small amount of numeracy 😂😂😂.
MGNETIC TITLE
When I first saw the skin cream results, my first observation was that the sample sizes were so different.  It suggested a flawed trial to me.  I really wanted to do a full statistical analysis with error bars before I could make a definite decision.  I haven't done it yet, but my first guess was that there was barely any statistical difference.   I worked in nuclear physics for years and everything was about the error bars and statistical significance.
Everyone so hellbent on hating the other side. Prayin for our society.
Excuse me, but I don't see how ratio of gun crimes is related.  If we are talking about human lives is completely another picture.
Tldr; Bias makes you say dumb stuff.
Goes almost 15 minutes talking about motivated reasoning without ever mentioning motivated reasoning.
You really are one of the top engineers in existence, you have my ultimate respect and wish you to strive in future videos!
I mean, the data itself is not strictly a quantitative analysis. Because simply dividing the result into "improved" and "worsened" is as vague as any oversimplification. And you can't blame people for not reaching a rational quantitative conclusion when there is way too much wiggle room for open interperpretation. I see the point of video but still, I guess it prove another point about why we always screw.
The only way to stop polarization is through direct plebiscites where each individual votes on each individual political question so that people don't retreat from hills which they don't want to die on in order to fit in with people who will stand with them on the hills which they will die on. The hills you won't die on is the common ground you have with people you disagree with on big issues.
5:41 i guess you did the guns opposite
All the division has been fueled by the rich and powerful, mainly using social media, since the occupy wall street movement. They want us to stay divided and fight amongst ourselves.
So am I smart or stupid?
I wonder what is the % of people who didn't have an answer at all in both the political and apolitical cases. I suspect that people who apolitically didn't know, in the political case chose their answer based on their beliefs and then retroactively added reasoning to their decision. It's more likely people have an opinion on politics than skin cream.
Is gun control the same as a placebo?  Guns are still present, and you can't really assume a baseline.
That's why even scientist are not infallible, despite probably having some of the highest numeracy. It takes courage to buck the trend and say that the if a data is different from consensus, but because the data collection, processing and analysis have gone through rigorous validation and peer review, that means that the consensus might be wrong.
4:32 how do people in all samples get it right only ~30% of the time at numeracy 0? Since there are opposite results any voting pattern (unless intelligently bad) would yield any average of 50% at worst no?
This study is unfortunately flawed, because although it is presented as if gun control and skin cream are equivalent, they are not.  In the skin cream example, everything people know about it is contained in the table.  With the gun control example, people's understanding of the world and how it works are additional data points that are not represented in the table.  In other words, gun control is a lot more complicated of an issue that cannot be boiled down into a simple "it worked" or "it didn't work" otherwise it wouldn't be an issue at all.  All this study proves is that gun control is more complicated of a question.  That said, I do think that confirmation bias is a real thing, and if people see data that is consistent with their ideology, they are less likely to question it.  However, the reverse is simply that they are more likely to question the study itself which is a good thing. Science should be rigorous.
And here we talk about creams, rashes... And politics.
@8:45 "I consider myself open-minded, as I stand here with my arms held tightly crossed across my chest"
ok, its finally confirmed, i am indeed NOT SMART
There's a quote that goes something like "We use logic to justify our choices rather than to inform them." It's definitely a trap that intelligent and educated people fall into; the smarter you are, the easier it is to get away with holding ill-informed beliefs, because you are able to justify them to yourself and others.
It's worth noting that the FBI did actually change the way they presented their data before and after the debate. iiiiiiiiiinteresting.
Gun control is not about statistics.. People will not change their perspective because of statistics ..   We need to keep the government at  check and for those who need self protection when government can not guarantee their safety
I'm so confused. Do I need to shoot my rash or not?
One more thing…how were the cream-using participants chosen? Did they self select? Self report? The uneven numbers immediately suggest that the study is going to be biased. Strange unbalanced numbers are yet another reason to be leery of drawing any conclusions from this study. Are the gun issue folks really unable to do grade school math? Or are they saying your evidence seems flawed so they’re sticking with their long-held prejudices? People, especially smart people, are used to sensationalized reports that don’t *quite* lie.
Before the answer is given, here's my logic and reasoning behind the skin cream results:  1. The most obvious error to me is the discrepancy between the amount of subjects in the experimental group and the control group, assuming I was not aware of the true experiment, and only reviewing the results from the skin cream experiment, my first observation would have been how the experimental group was just larger than the control group, allowing the perception of the results to initially be skewed until more rigorously checked. 2. There isn't enough data (in my personal opinion) that definitively proves anything. Variables such as: usage frequency of the cream, amount of cream used each time, types of rashes the subjects were experiencing, types of rashes that resolved vs persisted and/or worsened, and in a very precise study, the general lifestyles of subjects. There are simply too many unknowns for me to draw a conclusion as to whether or not the cream was truly responsible for the results generated.
There is one problem with this framing. This isn't an issue witg the general point you're making btw, as we can see here, it works out.  The issue with the framing is that it leaves out the contingent of the population who engage with "leftist" politics, or outside of the dual partisan showing of neoliberal economics.  There are people who try to evade the pitfuls of partisan politics by fence sitting, "seeing both sides", centrism. And there are those who take a more critical approach. These people are regularly attacked and not taken seriously by the majority of people who are falling for these partisan pitfalls which you've so adequately demonstrated to exist.
I don’t like the question because it doesn’t give a sample size.  It may be my fault for misunderstanding but here is how I got misled. For some reason, I understood that both creams had the same sample size, let’s say n=1000, with a hidden "rest" of the test subjects where there was no visible effect (good or bad). In that case, there is an increase in both improvement and worsening, when comparing the test with the control. Moreover, it makes sense. A medication tends to have secondary effects. If you take that into account, you could argue that the medication DOES increase your symptoms.  Again, I don’t know if it’s me, but I think the question has some ambiguity.
great video
The charts from the TED Talk show much more extreme variation among Democrats with high numeracy - they are more likely to swing to the extreme, illogical result.
Feels like this just brings more questions than answers... Some would call thata good study/result.   I think there is a leson about oversimplifying issues in here too
I feel like with a political topic, people will bring in their pre-existing knowledge/bias about the correct answer. I think you might just as easily conclude that people with higher numeracy are more likely to supersede and ignore what’s in front of them to go with what they feel they already know about the topic. E.g. refuse to believe what you present them with because they have their own idea about the political topic. Then their answer isn’t failing to consider what’s in front of them as much as refusing to believe or answer it even when told to only consider what’s in front of them.
I understood the creme thing was a proportional question immediately, but interpreted the results in the literal opposite direction. For whatever reason, after dividing the positive cases into the negative cases, I assumed that number was the simplified rate at which cases got _worse_ not better. In other words I figured the 5x difference implied that there was an average of 5 cases that got worse, which is why I concluded that using the creme was better since there was only an average of 3 times it got worse.
It probably includes me? Nah, i'm built different. Wrong, even.
So what I'm hearing you say, and I may be paraphrasing here, but based on the research: 1) They think they already know the answer 2) They don't pay the utmost attention, 3) They don't recognize that what was presented was different from what they were already thinking 4) They don't learn a thing and 5)They get more confident in the ideas that they were thinking before.
Wow. Very interesting insight!!
My conclusion is that at least 90% of people can't read numbers.
This really makes one take a good hard look at one's self. Fantastic work, as always. Thank you!
Re: Crime statistics...  If you reduce or remove a "crime" from the data pool...  Of course crime will drop.  The downside is that that action will increase.  Just look at theft in California.  Because the qualifying dollar amount for "theft" increased, some folks felt emboldened to start stealing because they are kept safe from prosecution.  More thefts for larger amounts but in the crime statistics "theft" went down.
Why America?
I'm curious about the same study but in other country. US have a very polarise politic environement and in courntry with more diveres and numerous political groupe could have more diverse data.
From what the interviews showed, it seemed like the fake political studies were met with skepticism, rather than outright denial of data. There is so much fake and/or poorly researched data out there (especially regarding "political" subjects) nowadays, that imo it makes sense that people who are more used to dealing with science would be more skeptical of results that contradicted their (hopefully) already researched opinions. I think turning people's attempt at reasoning the answers of these more difficult topics into a black and white "correct" or "incorrect" data point makes the situation seem worse than it is. I would imagine that if people were asked "What does this study show?" instead of asking them to come to a more general conclusion (the phrasing used in the paper is less direct) the results might be different. Like it says later in the video (and in the study), the specifics of language are a big factor in political discussion.
That Gun Control Question made no sense? What is "Crime increased 223 supposed to mean? Percentages? But how can 200% of Cities see an increase? How can Crime go up by 200% AND down by 75% . The Question makes no sense
The first question is an invalid one: “Did the cream make the rash better or worse?”.  The answer is “both”. It made 223 cases better, and 75 cases worse.  If you want a different answer, you have to ask a different question, like: “Is using the cream more likely to improve the rash, vs not using the cream.”  This is one of those cases where, I think, asking the question differently would prompt people to think about it differently, changing how people answer.
Make skin cream great again 💋
huh, so when you have a direct cause and effect (causation) graph people solve it pretty easily, but when you give them something that has more factors that effect it than cause and effect (correlation) they don't answer the same as in a direct interaction setup...   This is a very forced study.  I understand what you are trying to do but you are setting this up specifically To Do that thing.  You are begging the question instead of taking it from a position of a non-biased study.    Now, this does hit my confirmation bias, I believe the conclusions are likely correct, but I do Not think this is good evidence of it.  It's to flawed.
I bet the study won't replicate.
and what of the actual free thinkers who can see more than 2 sides?  perhaps the Libertarian who is so tired of people assuming you  are either one or the other?  geez
Somehting to consider is that We are fallible creatures, stop and listen and think of what they are saying. Sure biases are normal, so we need to consider their side, where are they coming from.   And above else, be nice to each other.
We're all different in our own ways but we're also all the same because we all are still human
So you give people mere seconds to answer. Why?
I cant tie my own shoelaces... Am I Einstein.?
I think I would have gotten the right answer if it conflicted with my political views, but been concerned about the methodology of the study.  Which itself is a problem, I shouldn't only care about the methodology of studies that don't support my biases.
That lady that attended democratic zoom meetings and still proudly supports the would-be-dictator perfectly represents the idiocy of those red-hat wastes of resources. You got a wake-up call and ignored it. Shame.
I'm here just to say that "not better" isn't the same as "worse"
Apply this to politics and you'll start to understand why democrats exist
All I see is that Democrats with a high literacy score have a different opinion than low scoring segment, whereas the Republicans keep believing whatever the low scoring segment thinks.
I love that you had to explain the logic behind why someone would think gun control increases crime but not why someone would think it reduces it 😂
I can imagine a world where political topics are obscured behind apolitical rhetoric, with the reasoning that people will be more willing to absorb the facts and respond logically to a non-polarizing topic than they would to a topic which they are passionate about. Based on this study, such a practice would likely be highly successful. If you do a real study about gun control, produce real data, but then label it to be about skin cream and ask people which side they would support, you'd likely get more people to advocate for whichever made the rashes better than you would if you asked them to identify/support which side made crime better.  That practice would have the minor issue of being practically purpose built for abuse and propaganda though, so maybe best not to try it out in the real world. Sounds like the stuff a dystopian government would use to keep it's population under control.
90 seconds in I can tell they went by education level and not IQ for who was "smarter".   The sad fact is that college is now for midwits, and actual intelligence is deeply unwelcome.
“On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse” is such a perfect title because it’s like a mouse trap for the people who need to see this most. 👏
8:46 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
We need to have debating classes in school, where students can't choose which side they are gonna represent. It helps with mental flexibility.
It’s kind of an obvious solution IMO… take money out of politics by removing the Citizens United decision, make voting actually accessible, and outlaw gerrymandering… currently, the Republican Party uses strong rhetoric appealing to vulnerable people in order to deregulate corporations that buy them out. So poor people end up voting against their best interest because they believe they are doing the “right” thing. Once in power, they strip away all real voting accessibility in poorer communities and gerrymander them to prevent democracy from correcting it. You can argue that the Democrats do the same thing, but one party ends up taxing the rich to create a socialized healthcare system that poor rural Republicans love and the other makes billionaire’s extremely rich by removing all regulations and lowers their tax bill. It’s so stupid.
the reach of dgg is unmatched
Only this man and team could drop something like this the day before an election and still give me hope for the future.
Looks like Veritasium read Haidt’s book the Righteous Mind
People who treat their political views as football teams are never going to change views because of facts. And that’s really sad.
Just change the question: 1, Do you enjoy that 3 times a week someone got shot in your neighborhood? 2, Do you enjoy rebuilding your house (and loosing all of your sentimental values) because of tornado/flood/fire every 2-3 years? 3, Do you like arrested by police without reason? No? Well, here is our plans, how to fix that: a, increase police present / deal with gun ownership b, deal with climate change (multi choice answer) c, increase mandatory police training from the abysmal 760 hours to 2000 - 2500 hours.
Those are scientifically bad numbers! I would question the method and group size! For the skin cream... What is the reason for the rash? How much people from which age group? Why is it, and dose it matter that the groups are different sizes? For the city/gun question.. Are there more city's where gun laws stayed the same and vise versa? Is that difference in group size dependent on a filter like size of the city? Are those city's equally spaced over the country and how compared to population density?   Without those background informations, and assuming the group size difference doesn't matter, it's depending on the direction! Improved/worsened  223/75 worse 107/21 better  Worsened/improved 223/75 better 107/21 worse  That's it! But then asking this in the most dumb country in the world is another scientific endeavor on its own! 🤣 Nearly every answer was more or less stupid! No one got the right conclusion for the given framework! Only difference was that people care  less about skin rash then gun law's in the US! That's my conclusion.
10:57 Pun.... Intended?
Wait wait wait... Studies that do not include Neutral genders ?! Ballsy move
veritasium dunking on the entire USA
Being science curious with a high numeracy score makes polarized family gatherings an interesting social navigation experiment
Nice
I just thought when looking at those numbers. How can i make them comparing apples to apples.   Now it makes me realise why I am often never liking 1 side completely and I often still have issues with the side i voted for.   Great video. I have always done my best to get along with others of different political backgrounds as people sometimes take it all too seriously.
The first question is tricky. If you use statistics, you can take some conclusions for some confidence interval. Outside of it, it may be inconclusive. Also, the population of people using the cream is much larger than the ones not using. Hence, you can make some calculations (maybe with hypothesis h0 and h1) to make up for that missing data and make "a guess" with values from tables (z table, in this case, I believe).  This is what I assume you'll do, as I'm just starting out the video.
"Many people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so." - Bertrand Russell
wait, when i saw the quision i immediately pulled out a calculator and the answer was the cream made it worse. does that make me dumb?
The title is a bit misleading as based on the graphs, people with greater numeracy don't do "worse" than normal people on political questions, they suffer a greater loss to their accuracy. The title makes it sound like the smarter you are, the less accurate your answer will be.
My reaction to facts against my opinion "These data must be wrong!" :D
I’d have liked to see the reactions to everyone upon hearing the real purpose of the questions
This phenomenon underpins so much of our current polarization. It’s so important that we make this more well understood publicly
I noticed the proportions thing, but didn't do the math so I still got it wrong. I think I'm officially double dumb 😞
Ah, Social "science". Put a little math into it and give it a veneer of actual science. I was once that person. Most modern social sciences are not much better than phrenology and the like. Economists can be the worst sometimes. Asking the right question is often more important and the answer. Philosophy understands this. I'm now in finance and would think I've moved further away from philosophy. On the contrary, I've learned that math particularly has its limitations.
I'm no academic, but umm i dont agree with the study. 2 diffierent type of complexity.  Skincrare product is not equal to gun laws and oucomes. and also skincre product has like 4 component what can change the outcome (age, prevoius exposure, allergy, usecase [rash from disease or just irritation].  Gunlaws and crime rates... need more data.... The numbers only represnt gun realed crimes, or any crime. Population? Like lets say 10m population crime number = X 1m population crime number = Y  And you swich the X and Y???? lol that is not good.
It shows that politics make everyone stupid. For their next study they should see if fire is hot.
This is what bias is.
The original study actually called it crime increase/decrease. Why did you guys change it to improved/worsened, when that makes it vaguer.
I mean the cause seems pretty straight forward. That political heuristics are stronger than mathematical reasoning. Your brain just follows the path of least resistance and then rationalizes it in retrospect in most cases without something to prompt your curiosity like a discontinuity between the data shown and the conclusion you reached. There is some serious trouble though, in that when someone points out such a thing they are often assumed to be adversarial rather than just voicing their own observation.
WHY IS THERE A SHOT OF mARATHA MORCHA IN THIS VIDEO 9:28
Misleading title. It implies "On these questions, smarter people do worse than less-smart people", which is *not* what the graph shows; the highest scores in every single case are from the most numerate folk. Perhaps better would be "Being smart isn't the only factor in getting the right answer"
Yeah, you're missing a critical perspective. Humans are not frequentist. Humans are Bayesian. The lady in red at the beginning had the right of it. It matters what the rash is and what the skin cream is. If you don't know, then all you have to go on is the numbers. In the gun version, people know what the experiment and results mean, and they hold strong prior beliefs about them. They are rational in preventing a single small study from shaking their beliefs.   Google "bayesian reasoning"
I got confused with the question itself. If that control group didn't even apply the cream or maybe they applied a placebo kind of it, then why should we count on their opinions about whether the cream is helpful or harmful? They didn't use it at all. Shouldn't we decide based on that group that literally applied the cream and just their opinions about whether it was helpful or harmful?🧐 In this case, am I smart or stupid? 🤓
Sorry i feel like the charts are not labeled very well. Mixing text with icons is not the best way to
People are not rational being, we just have the capacity to be so. That and if you are smart enough to reason you are smart enough to reason yourself into a n error
Republicans are inherently less intellectual. This has been studied and proven correct 100s of times.
I honestly laughed out loud when you said that picking the bigger number of people who got better was the "intuitive" choice.... I would very much disagree. Looking at the proportion is the intuitive thing.  If the gun control thing was not presented as a fictitious study then people clearly were explaining different reasons other than just looking at the data. Why would you take this one random assessment as truth and not use other data points and arguments in your life about it?
Amathia is an ancient Greek word for purposeful ignorance. It's just funny and absurd that humans have a thing where we forget we're being purposefully ignorant. Or maybe some of us don't forget. Human behavior can surely be modeled on the murmurations of starlings or the schooling of fish. It's a shell game and we've all forgotten where the shell is!
The conclusion is people are stupid and shouldn't be allowed to vote
I love this video for so many reasons. I have always wondered though, how people form their political beliefs? That could be a great follow up video. I don't think most people form beliefs off of data, I myself didn't. I took a hard look at myself and my values and determined the political party that best aligns with that.
kinda clickbait
My problem with the Gun Control question is there can be so many other factors that impact the stats vs the cream/rash question where it's a controlled study with few other factors to consider. Correlation does not equal causation and when there can be so many other factors, people will inject their own beliefs to justify their answer.
This video is like the study in the Video. The Title has nothing to deal with the Numbers that are presented.😂
Make Skin Rash Cream Great Again!
I'm not sure depicting the gun control issue as a dichotomy between "the claim that gun control increases crime" and "the claim that gun control decreases crime" is correct. Many opponents of gun control don't argue this because of alleged effects on crime, but because they view gun ownership as a basic right. The (potentially positive) consequences of compromising that right are not directly relevant from their perspective. Many issues can be approached from several perspectives; it's easy to talk past each other when failing to recognize differing priorities.
Actually, just some people stupid.  BOTH sides of the political spectrum does extremely stupid things. Only the blind cannot see and thinks they 'must' support their side, we can call that 'stupid', if they are unable to be objective.
I did not understand this video at all
Id be interested to know if this study holds true in other countries less politically split than the us.
I just thought of it like 1/5 of rashes get worse on their own and 75 ppl was more than 1/5 of 223
Why did it turn into us election video
We are divided not without a reason. Media are doing everything to polarize people. Be it just because it clicks, or because they have hidden motive.
It's cool Derek, just grey it out. You don't need the color.
MAybe the tribe effect could be a secondary effect of being in a cult?
I do know for a fact that US cities with tight gun regulations (i.e. Chicago) have very high rates of violent gun crimes.  A simple table of numbers isn't going to dissuade me of that fact.
We just see what we wanted to see
People being unable to look objectively at data and conclude based on the presented data is actually scary. Are most people just NPCs? Am I one of them even tho I don't think so?
…. How many people were in each group?   How many people saw no differences?   Were there any extraneous variables?   How many  participants could not complete the experiment?
6:05  - "crime improved" and "crime worsened" is a strange wording
So it is a bias test, aight. Don't have too many holy cows
Now I wish they showed me the gun question first to see if my biases overwhelm my numeracy competency. Btw, even if the numbers are clear, I'm convinced there's a significant number of polarized voters who will just question the source if the data doesn't fit their narrative.
Aren't people with higher numeracy more likely to have opinions formed from previously investigating data on the most hot-button topics?  How do you control for that in this experiment?
I got it right! I got the answer! Wait a minute... I mean, I had it wrong! I was so totally off on this one haha!
What a stupid video and topic.
Ok, I haven’t gotten past 1:01 I just used whatever reasoning I had and concluded that the skin cream made it worse.  I just added up the total number ppl who used the cream and not then got the percentage of the ones that improved and got worse.  A higher percentage of people improved without the cream. Which, to me, means that even though a higher number of people improved with the cream, it’s still about 9% lesser than it could be (if the percentages stayed constant).  It’s not crazy math but let’s see what the answer is at the end😂
After Skool posted a video on this 7 months ago
People are similar, but we will never get over this divide. We're not supposed to, the powers that be won't let us. This all started with Occupy Wall Street when the people were finally wising up to who the enemy really was. We can't rise up if we are too busy infighting over social issues.
A beautiful message. Hope this gets shared and shown around. this is what we need more off
Lady at 3:06 is as emotionally attached to skin cream as Republicans and Democrats are to their sides of the gun control debate. It's all about how attached you are to the subject of the question.
I don't get it. 116 people were better than what would be if they didn't use the cream, and 54 people were worse because they used the cream. I would say that the cream had the rash improved. That is if we assume that the experimental and control group have the same size and that the rest didn't have any change. But if I was asked that question, I would say that the cream made it better and worse in the same time. How? For example, maybe cream always work unless you are allergic, so it will ALWAYS make it better or worse for you, it will never make it indifferent.
how did the guy make a video about politics without being political
I've genuinely changed my political beliefs over the course of the past 12-16 years.
I think that you're underestimating the effect of people being rightfully vary of politically charged information being presented to them. Lots of people are out there trying to convince you, often deceptively, of this or that conclusion. Smart people can see how data could be falsified and so are more likely to find potential faults with data presented to them and so to reject something in the moment. I'm not saying the bias you described doesn't exist. Clearly people are highly biased to believe whatever "their side"/the tribe believes. But I do think you're exaggerating it somewhat.  In addition this video is very both sidesy which is not correct given the vastly differing amounts of misinformation and conspiracy theories that the two sides tend to spread.
Next time I'll know to answer incorrectly.
Paused at 1:46. The skin cream example doesn't work because there isn't a third column for "no measurable difference", and those people must necessarily exist because the sample size of the control group is way smaller. Assuming this study has been done properly and both groups are of equal size, there's data that isn't being shown, so coming to any kind of strong conclusion about what the data says would be a mistake. However, the clear difference between the rates of skin improving of the two groups makes it very likely that using the skin cream is the better option overall. But that's "likely" and not "certain".  Edit: Oh, it's a politics thing about tribalism, and none of those criticisms are being applied. Skip.
3:02 average american XD
Please retitle the video "On These Questions, People with Emotional Investment in the Topic Do Worse". The fact that innumerate people didn't tank as much as the numerate people on the political questions is just a reflection of the fact that the innumerates were already unlikely to get it right, and so that group had a smaller group of correct respondents who could then fail on the political version of the question.
The moment he brought in the guns, I was like "FUPK"
The political version of this study shows that higher numeracy decreases willingness to cooperate with this game.  Data is almost always curated and presented in a bias and political way. Our times have trained people to be mistrustful of data and rightly so.
Confirmation bias among individuals may span equally to both sides but I bet there's a difference in which side is more willing to trust high-numeracy experts when researching policy positions
well, you can't do anything with this numbers bc you can't tell if the data is valid with so little information. also you can't tell something works just with a simple a/b test, you have to do a/b/a or b/a/b because let's say b is > than a, then we don't know if b is > than A because of X or just because B is better..  (i.e : using anti bugs spray... you use it, bugs disappear. did they disappear bc of the spray or bc of something else ? you would have to stop using it.. if they don't come back.. well.. it means either the bugs left or your spray doesn't work.. if they come back you would have to test again with the spray.. and you would have to do that a lof of times to increase the probability of the antibugs spray..)   BUT let's say these are real numbers.. and you assume we have a total for each group.. you need to use base 100 to be able to compare them...  you just have to sum each group and divide each terms by the total..  so you do sub total / total FOR each.. 107 + 21 = 128 (total)  (subtotal) 107/ (total) 128 = 0.83 * 100 = 83....%  (21/128) * 100 = 16.4% and so on..  the numbers doesn't mean anything by themselves..
john veritasium learns that bias exists
Lefties claiming g*ns make cities less safe when the only people who will have them are the biggest criminals of all, the government
I'd like to see the results for people with high numeracy that don't align with a brainwashing group.
Superb video man
If you have 500 cities per group with an average rate of 10 murders per city you end up with a total of 5000 murders per group. In our scenario, crime changes by 1 murder per average city. In this case, the group that should do worse according to the video has a total number of 5000-223+75=4852 murders, while the group that should do better has 5000-107+21=4914 murders. Makes no sense. Am I missing something or is maybe proportionality alone insufficient to fully interpret the data?
a bit clickbaity...   and i have a problem with this "dont use buzzwords, look at local policies". That might work well.. local. but not on a federal or world lvl. If you want to tackle big problems you have to fight the cause and not the effect. If now you want to do something about the cause of rising sealvl instead of just living with it you will have to adress climat. If not you would not get the financing because why would someone pay 4 this?
The reasearch is wrong then. I got correct answer and i am smart. The paper is basically trying to get people to answer based on their perspective bias by using unequal sample suze for the two cases.
"Numeracy skills no longer affect accuracy", maybe not linearly. It's clear that average people try to reason their way to match their view and therefor score lower. But from a certain point (5 or 6 numeracy) relatively more people do start to consider the actual numbers again instead of only their views.  Whilst the point of the video doesn't change, I'm a bit annoyed with the oversimplification of the results.
This is really the root of every political issue in America. People just don't want to change their views about literally anything. They've picked their team and will remain that way no matter what, in almost every case.
So stupid people are more open-minded and unbiased and smart people have stronger beliefs as they are aware of their intelligence, which increases the confidence in their beliefs. Yeah that makes sense.
The problem with this experiment is that it doesn't take into count prior knowledge. Presenting fake studies with made up numbers of course will get people to use their personal beliefs to draw conclusions. I would definitely question a random person showing me the results of a study that didn't show sources or methodology that showed conclusions opposite of everything I've known. A more fruitful experiment would have presented real data and listed methodology and sources.
I don't have a tribe, but I also don't approve of gun control. There are no examples of it working in our biggest cities, with the highest crime and most numerous gun laws, but that doesn't matter; it's a right and rights are not meant to be regulated by other humans.
I don't agree with the conclusion that beliefs are motived by tribal adherence. I would argue that tribal beliefs introduce familiarity bias where data outside of our familiarity are seen as incorrect.
I think another important solution is to focus on first principles - particularly moral principles - since that's where most of the fertile common ground exists.  For instance, if a peer-reviewed paper  backed by 99% of experts found that murder was good for society, it wouldn't matter what the data was, how tightly that study was conducted, or what their credentials were, it should be rejected on its face as a non-starter regardless of whether some sophist could come along and try to spin it in a positive light.  Most political differences are either cuz someone didn't drill down far enough on a particular principle or that we agree on the principles but disagree on what the best way to achieve it is.
Damn I must be einstein
I realized I got the right answer and it made me feel stupid
8:51 clear rejection body language
My answer before the reveal was that the cream made it worse or there was no statistical significance. But the way the experiment is set up it doesn’t tell you if the active ingredient in the cream is making it worse or if just base of the cream.
The title of the video is really click-baity, the "smarter" people have lower accuracy than they'd have with the non-political question but they still do better than the others...  Also I feel like the gun question is a bit harder to understand than the cream question
Werent there supposed to be more videos about thermite?
3:00  Of _COURSE,_ the tRumper isn't going to parse data or information correctly!  Edit:  Holy sh!t, I wasn't up to the political part yet, either! VOTE BLUE!!!
I think you're stretching a bit. You're asking people to analyse data in an area where they have a lot of pre-existing context, so of course they're not going to completely ignore all that context and flip their beliefs purely on one person coming up to them on the street.
"Crime improved" sounds like homeless shoplifters graduating to Bernie Madoff style criminality
i feel like this test is kind of flawed. if I was presented with this without immediately being told it was a fake example i would absolutely ask for sources or more information as well, while if i knew it was just information made up for the question it would change to a simple math problem. if these issues existed in a vacuum, id get it. but if someone brought me random statistics from something that didn't line up with research I've seen in the past id assume an issue with the data, not an issue with my reasoning. i think there's a difference between answering wrong because of a polarizing viewpoint and not wanting to engage with a suspicious data set with no sources.   i can't tell if you made it very clear every time that the statistics were made up, but being put on the spot can also cause people to miss things or speak irrationally.  it just feels like there's so many other variables here that there's no way in my mind this can be consistent.
I think its because more critical people aren't just going to accept a random chart some guy pulled out for their soundbite, so they bring in a bunch of other information that they have already spent a lot of time thinking about (because its being discussed everywhere) to contextualize the simple question, turning it into a complex question with a different answer aligned with the conclusions they already arrived at.
What is the percentage of Democrats and Republicans on your channel? could you make a pool?
this is just basic graph reading.   Turns out the smartest people dont "fall into a team" and they just solve the math
This made me sad...
7:14 minutes of clickbait not what i expected
I'm feel like these questions is lacking information, which is total sample size of each group, and number of participants which the rash stay the same
theres no way smarter people get this wrong its so obvious if you ever paid attention in math class... its just a ratio pretty sure people just wanted the interviewer to go away. Of course people at a political event would not change their minds. You're pointing a camera at them in front of their tribe This experiment seems flawed and should be taken with a grain of salt. I agree with your final conclusion on political polarization just not the click bait title and conclusion on its' data.
A video we all need to see
Edit: To anybody who reads this and rushes off to say "that's the point of the study!"… please don't.  Enough people have already said that, and you're all wrong.  See the clarification.  Don't respond unless you actually have something more to say.  I see a flaw with this study:  The researchers are treating this as a math class problem.  The subjects are not.  The researchers assume people are coming to the their answer just by looking at this specific set of numbers.  But on such an important issue, they are naturally bring *all* of their info to bear, not just this chart.  Edit:  [clarification]  When some rando comes up to you on the street, and presents a math class problem about unnamed rash cream, people are likely to take that at face value, and think 'oh, we're doing a math problem now,' and play along.  But when some rando comes up with a chart purporting to give statistics about a major political topic, they are far more likely to think 'oh, this political agent wants to talk about this political topic'.  They know the odds are high that such an agent is going to use loaded language, manipulated data, and other tricks, to con them.  They aren't having the conversation the researchers think they are.
Veritasium u r physics maths doesn't enough for understanding politics
I got it right nooooo
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education” - Mark Twain
Best timed video maybe ever?!?!
Not a great way to conduct this kind of study, it was purposely worded and presented as if the sample size was the same. The wording was confusing and left ambiguous. Also the political component would have been nice to do one with a Democratic agenda (illegal immigration, abortion, climate change) as well. Not to worried about people fighting against what the data shows especially knowing that it was made up numbers. Would of been more worried if you convinced people to change their viewpoints with a poster board and fake numbers.
everything is a divide and conquer tactic!  NOW BACK TO YOUR REGULAR PROGRAMMING!!!!
I got it right😊 I got it right 😢
The problem is that most of us rational people question the bias of the data collecting methods and rightfully so.   This study does highlight exactly what the uni-party is doing.  Dividing us intentionally so the oligarchs can continue their reign
This is why I do not believe in democracy.  The average person is so easy to manipulate, they rarely have an independent thought and democracy is an appeal to popularity which is by definition not a means to truth.  It is a tool to maintain peace in respect to war ONLY. The problem is more things attribute to peace and more things than tranquility attribute towards freedom.. such as civility.
I feel like this would hold true not only for politics but almost anything involving strong juxtaposed ideals or opinions. They should try this on F1 fans that like max verstappen and the fans that hate him. It feels like logic goes out the window to push their agenda and biases on both sides
I always question the underlying data and believe that the research "facts" are usually skewed when the source has bias or an agenda. There's also room for sloppy research.  When a politician tells me their policy or decision is "science based" all the red flags go up.
Great video
I have been ur fan for years bro but this is the most impressive video I saw not just for this channel but possibly forever, it is such a simple topic but atleast I haven't thought in depth about this issue, keep up the good work 👍
If anyone were smart enough, they would realize that the "rash" question is a totally standard kind of statistical test, and look up method, if they didn't know it.  But also, the right, proportional answer should have been fairly obvious to nearly everyone.
This is a nice little study, but I question the source of the claims.  That is the true problem.
As someone who has been ostracized from the group many times for focusing on facts. It's okay. You get used to it. It's survivable in the modern world. It's just not comfortable. It's much more comfortable to go along with what everyone else is saying is the way things are.   And I know that conservatives and liberals will both look at that sentence above and think it applies to them. And I know it sounds like I'm saying I'm always right. I'm not always right. But when focusing on facts is discouraged. That's when you know you're hanging out with the wrong people.   But we're in a world now where facts are debatable. Complicated issues require nuance and study. And there's no room for that in this world where people get paid for outrage.
I appreciate this video giving some hope. I've been getting depressed about this 2024 election cycle...
You do not mention how many subjects are in each group. One would assume, an equal number....
I paused the question and i started calculating the % of Imrovement/worsen and i wound that without skin cream we get 83.59% improvement compared to 75% with skin cream. I GOT IT RIGHT!!   SO I'M  DUMB??😐
I don't understand how showing people admittedly fake data helps this problem of epistemic faith?
May I suggest a different version of this video. I would have loved it if you did the experiment on us. It would be sick to know if I would have been able to seen the difference in data.
Skin cream is bad for skin, irrespective of brands and marketing. A few women and many men knows it very well. You dont need to show numbers on it. It is well known about what companies did. Now, Gun is an equipment that is for the police, patrol and the soldiers at the edges of a society, to check if, law and order is correctly maintained by the members, and, it is not made for all the members of in any society to use inside that society, irrespective of the migration status. Climate change is occuring. Recent storms in various places were more intense and at my own home place too, unusual winds occurred, unusual rain occurred too. I dont need any citations from another country to know that.
Well $h!t.
I’m glad I got the first question right, I figured a rough estimate was enough so saw the skin group was about double (107 vs 223), so I figured the skin got worse group should be about double and could see it made the rash worse. Was relieved to see that didn’t put me in the “people are intelligent do better” group
Dude!    I applaud you for this video.  I laugh at what you did here.  When you spoke, you tried to use words that kept you completely neutral on the topic.  You did great.  Because politics has really nothing to do with this video.  It’s about what I call Clan Bias.   While I cannot profess to being completely neutral on the politics topic, I have noticed this Clan Bias amongst my friends and others.  IT BUGS ME!!     What affiliations do I have? - I am a White Jewish (Agnostic) liberal male.  But what other clans am I a part of?  The reason I say this is that every time you try to classify yourself in a group, you create biases that affect your descision making and other’s descisions of you.  I also think I am pretty smart..I am a gamer..and whatever else.    Notice how I said I was jewish, but agnostic.  these two contradict each other.. but do they?    Anyways, I watch mainstream news and notice it just showing “What happened”. then you turn onto Political leaning news (Fox News/MSNBC) and their hour show is about 2 minutes of news,  40 minutes of bias, 18 minutes of commercials to get paid for that bias.  I see people eating that up, causing even more polarization.  It’s simply unhealthy.
I'm only half-way through the video still, but gonna make a guess: The scenario with skin cream is less relatable than the scenario with gun control, so for the latter people are more likely to leave the confines of the presented problem and associate it with existing knowledge or beliefs. Ie. it's not about whether the question is political or not, but whether the problem is relatable or not.
I expect it to be “how do you make meth”
"Democracy, by the people, of the people, for the people... But the people are re...."
Like this comment for no reason
I can tell skin cream chart is missing 'no change' section to see if the rash actually worsened over time. Then, I can go into details like which property of cream is bad. -Is it due to fact that it closes pores on the skin to have an air exchange? -Is it because of some harmful molecules that bring side effect? BUT I can't come up with these reasonable questions when the topic is political, in this case, gun policies. This video was very interesting and made me question myself. Thanks for that.
Oh wow! The study proved that bias is a real thing! Lol 🤣
But what i learn hear that this experiment only applied in America ?!?!
Maybe it's just an European point of view (from a point where I feel like my country's community is not so two-sided as USA), but this just proved to me that regardless of intelligence, people are often unable to separate their political believes from actual rational reasoning. So it's not about "smarter people are worse ... " but "everyone is at the same, lower level, regardless of intelligence"
It's just for men.
You should have included a politically loaded question that has the Yes/No answers opposite to the gun control question, let say about the correlation between immigration and crime... and see if the ratio of wrong to correct answers is the same across the political divide for both questions
It's just calculating ratios?
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
What can we do to reduce polarization? Ask for ranked choice voting!  Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski voted to impeach Trump, and still get reelected. How did they get past the MAGA horde?   Well Alaska added Ranked Choice Voting, which allowed a better representation of the will of the people.  Despite her rating falling to 6% in the far-right MAGA hardliner crowd, reasonable and normal Alaskans had their voices heard!  So if you want to stop polarization, ADVOCATE FOR RANKED CHOICE VOTING!!
I keep trying to decide on what comment I’d like leave here. I keep trying to simplify all this information. Maybe I should take a nap and come back later.
The suggestions in the "what can we do" section, I think, ignore the reality that political parties benefit from political polarization and actively try to create this atmosphere because it's the most expedient means to lock in voters based on their emotions. Politicians will not encourage people to gain a full understanding of the issues and arrive at a conclusion based on evidence and reason because that is not the low hanging fruit from the perspective of winning votes, even if it is better for society and democracy overall. So any suggestions of what we can do really need to address this as one of the root causes of political polarization. It's not necessarily the nature of people, but it's the nature of political parties seeking power.
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
Finally a test I can ace.
Llegue pensando que el video trataria de algun juego o truco mental, y termino siendo sobre un cesgo cognitivo en el que seguramente todos hemos tenido
Thank you veritasium for showing that there are Americans who are smart. I find it hard to believe that a country that can prosper this much and has been a leader in innovation and technology is full of stupid peoples as shown by social media apps has more stupid people like in the current generation.
1:46 I got to the same conclusion but rather used a similar approach used by the NPS score. Negatives-positives over population. Is this method wrong?
Questions like these have me buggig for answers that Derek would've given if he was asked for the first time like us haha
The correlation is probably not with numeracy, but with more explicitly held political beliefs.
The main reason conservatives support gun rights is as a deterrent to a tyrannical government more so than a deterrent to local crime
The one time where the Shyamalan twist works before the halfway point of the video. Absolutely killer video once again.
Fascinating. It's something we all see anecdotally but it's really interesting to see it tested and quantified
Political polarization is not the result of tribalistic thinking regarding data, rather the result of two different perspectives predicated on fundamentally different presuppositions, many of the pressing political issues are intractable.
Alternate title : Ignorance is bliss
Schopenhauer once said that the brain wont let in what the heart cant accept.
If a fire improves it becomes larger, if a score improves it becomes larger,if a volume improves it becomes louder, ergo - if a rash improves it spreads and becomes worse; from the perspective of the rash. South Florida
I mean, people in general are terrible when it comes so statistics
All it tells me is the cream is twice as likely to help, but its still an irritant, and can make a tash worse.
For Trump, all scientific studies which disagree with him are witch craft and fake news. So none of this matters.
Why i will never again join a political party and vote based on character, merit and well estabished facts and science.
Looking at these charts I would not say that "smarter people do worse". A proper inverse correlation would be a straight line that is lowest at the highest numeracy, but we don't see that, actually they have still the best results at numeracy score 9. Just the difference from the expected performance is very high here.  Interesting is also the U shape, average (5-6) numeracy has the worst results, apparently the opinion/social implications are more important for them.
I hate people ._.
Do this same study except use a religious belief. People "selectively apply [religious beliefs] to justify the conclusion they already believed before hand." The only remaining question is that a stronger emotional force then political views.
Can we take a moment to appreciate the fact that this is an UNBIASED political video? Rarely happens.
I think we should develop more on human psychology, as the reality itself depends deeply on the how human percieve, because every single formula is created by human. so theories like recency bias and jakobee's law should be experimented in different fields and apply to the logic of physics and human related science ofcource every science is created by humans  but still i want more of human psychology theory (of course which are proved to be right) applied to science
I am the only one who saw the thumbnail and thought Benedict Cumberbatch was answering a survey?
9:45 I understand what you're saying, but the fact of the matter is that Democrats overwhelmingly believe things that are simply not true. Case in point: "very fine people", "safe and effective", "most free and fair election", "inject bleach", "suckers and losers", "men can get pregnant", etc.
were screwed
This is a very enlightening and thought provoking video!
And here I was thinking it would be something about Baye's theorem
To the Republican voter in the video (6:20) who says “you can’t take away guns and make them illegal, it’s like drugs”  No, you can definitely take drugs off people and call drugs illegal
We abuse each other without even knowing it in this way. That's why Jesus said to trust Him and not ourselves. He knew.
You lost me at "We believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe. And that's highly logical."
Dislike - bait click title. No smarter people have been tested in the experiment. Not only participants were subjectively deciding how good they were in sake of numeracy skills, but also numeracy is not wisdom or intelligence thus you can't say that someone better with numbers is smart or smarter overall.
Human nature - people act as if what they believe to be true is, regardless of if it is, or not...
At last - something I should be good at
Why didn't you show the gun question first before you told everyone the answer?  You clickbaited everyone and then gave up the answer before the big question!
I think it's inherantly a poor question
Alternative explanation: when people are faced with issues for which there already exists an abundance of information, they tend to discount contradictory new information due to the preponderance of said prior information. This could be considered rational. If instead the participants were directly told the only thing that matters are the numbers and to disregard everything else, I'm sure the results would improve. This conclusion, however, doesn't explain why so many hold nonsensical convictions in the first place. For that, the thesis offered in the video (and the study referenced) is better--tribalism.
Surely the purpose of that skin cream study was to determine the marginal benefit of using the cream.  Since the results don't tell us how many people saw no change in their rash, we are forced to assume that.  We could assume the answer is zero, that literally everyone in both groups saw their rash get better or worse, but that's implausible.  Or we could assume that the experiment group and control group were the same size, which does make sense.  So let's do that.  That allows us to determine the net effect of using the cream relative to not using it.  After all, that's the point of having the control group at all.  If 223 cases improved, compared to 107 in the control, that means the marginal benefit was 116 cases.  If 75 worsened compared to 21, the marginal cost was 54 cases.  That means the marginal change is a net improvement of 62 cases.  The cream helps.
Derek: "Smart people will refuse to accept what the numbers say and try to use outside factors to justify it in a politically charged question to not have to change their pre-existing opinion when the numbers don't agree with it."  Comments: *Smart people refusing to accept what the numbers say and trying to use outside factors to justify it in a politically charged question to not have to change their pre-existing opinion when the numbers don't agree with it*
you phrase it that its tribes that cause this problem. but i think the main issue is that although we may phrase political debates based on results people make political beliefs made on fundamental values.  or you see the right to own guns as a fundamental right you will argue it reduces crime, the inverse is true.  your arguing whether gun rights reduce/increase crime when the issue is one side believes gun rights are fundamental the other doesn’t.
It would be interesting to see this experiment in a less politically binary country. I wonder if it helps people see past their biases if there are more choices between left and right.
Did you ask these partisan questions on rallys? If so, no surprise, they will be biased.
As I say to my kids, “Confirmation bias goes HARD.”
You cannot deny the conflict of interests there. If you point a camera at a person and ask them a political question involving math, they might prioritize sharing their political beliefs over showing their numeracy abilities.
Well ,for the 1st test to be accurate ,the rashes would have to bet he same, and the People's health would have to be the same.A poison ivy rash is different than an eczema rash,which Is different than a food allergy rash, or a heat rash.  Also, the health of folks- some rashes are caused by auto-immunity, so they're not gonna get better, while those with a healthy immune system will, so what's that stat, for the groups? Also ,what is the cream? IS it for rashes ,or face cream?  AFA gun control, when the data that opposed their notions, they blow a fuse...lol AFA fitting in with tribe? Maybe with left, BUT, the imperial data is there - the cities with the MOST gun control have the highest crime rate , with guns.
How do you release a video like this with the title itself being wrong?! "Smarter (high Numeracy apparently) people" don't do worse. Your own graph shows high Numeracy peope do better than low numeracy in most cases (other than specifically Liberal Democrats on a specific topic).. It is the rate of correctness that is lowered more for high Numeracy for "these questions" - very different. A better title would be "Math thinkers/Smarter people get tricked more by these questions".
"One is avoiding partisan rhetoric. Rather than talk about gun control or climate change, avoid the loaded terms and instead focus on specific local policies. No buzzwords that could trigger anyone into tribal thinking. No villainizing the other side, just constructive solutions that make sense given the data."  this is bull though in reality.  try to stop people of their buzzwords and they scream "censorship" ... outside of partisanship , people are jaded @ssholes. there are people that talk in good faith and people that talk in bad faith. people that look at facts and people that parrot this weeks party soundbite.  there are people that care about consistency and people that are comfortable in blatant hypocrisy.  -- and though someone might read this comment and both-sides it... that is insane. in broad strokes the Republicans, specifically trumpians ( the party of white-christian-nationalism) scream censorship,  parrot this weeks party soundbite, and are blatantly hypocritical.    - it's great that Veritasium is trying to be fair and measured....  but now is not the time to be fair and measured. we live in a society with a fractured shared reality. this isn't even about the culture war... this is about what we agree on empirically and our epistemology.   there are bad actors acting in bad faith afoot. there is true "evil" trying to take power(to use loaded language).  white-christian-nationalism is a real and present danger. being intellectually correct is not going to prevent white-christian-nationalism. if white-christian-nationalism ceases power our ability to even have intellectually honest conversations will he dramatically hindered if not eliminated until they are overthrown.   ...  this is not hyperbole, it is the goal of Project 2025, Agenda 47, "Dictator Day One", "Enemies Within"
a contextless table of four numbers without methodology is a Rorschach blot, so when the stakes are higher it ceases to be a math problem
There is a lot of good stuff in this video. However, I see three major problems: • This ignores purely social/moral issues. "Should abortion be allowed?" is not about numbers or data or statistics. • Was it clear to the interviewees that "no change" wasn't a possibility for the cream? If there are potentially lots of people for whom the cream had no impact, then the significance of the numbers presented changes. • Labeling 7:49 "crime improved" and "crime worsened" is really confusing. Post-survey you use 7:15 "crime increased" and "crime decreased" in the video, so I suppose you realized that wording is better. But the survey results could be skewed by their actual wording.
Me, being a natural contrarian: ...
"political polarization" man stfu go back. wtf are you YAPPING about
And this is why until we can make rational policy arguments and not polarizing arguments, we will never fully realize our potential as a country
I'm thinking what if they asked real researchers, are they also biased?
thats paradoxical 💀
4:59 I like how you had to give and explain the reasons for why people might be against gun control, but did not do that for the reasons for gun control, as those are obvious.
I know that I am pretty much rooted in my ideological views and the only thing that data would end up changing is certain details. It would require pretty much a more fundamental change in me in order to change my ideological landscape, before even being motivated to change my views in such a radical way.
I'm confused how the Veritasium-cited study on numerousy could guarentee that they were measuring numerousy. I mean, isn't this more of a craft of science question than a pure fractions question? Were people who asked about how the fictitious the gun-control/skin-cream studies were controlled filtered out? Like, crime can depend on a million things aside from gun-control, it'd be so much harder to control for other factors compared to the skin cream.
My brain thinks that improved - worst as the rash increasing
Midwit theory
Veritasium is on fire. 🔥 New video every week. Every new release just makes my day. 😌
How is the wrong answer the "intuitive one"?? American level difficulty...
This is why Candace Owens hates the "cult of science"
Doesn't the graph at 7:07 indicate that liberals are more likely to second guess the correct answer even when it confirms their bias compared to conservatives?
Statistical data can be skewed to tell whatever story you want to tell. Thats why no one trusts the data, because half the time at least 1 number is made up and at any point you can flip the script
My man made a survey to prove ego exists. It really is like a smokescreen
The real question is why wouldn't you make the control and experimental group the same size
There is something else going on as well.  There is more to the data than mere proportionality.  The consequence of the skin cream not working was "rash gets worse".  However, I suspect if the consequence of the skin cream was "the patient died" that you would get very different answers.  Specifically, answers that favored minimal lethality over mere proportionality.  While obviously political leaning plays a role in this, the enhanced lethality surely plays a role as well, and means people will favor the option that they perceive as less lethal regardless of proportionality.  That is likely why political leaning has this impact.  Additionally, the skin cream was "individuals" and the gun violence was "entire cities." Which means "worse or better" is much more granular.  It looks like the sort of way statistics are used to lie and conceal information.  This notion that statistics can be used to mislead is likely better understood by people with higher numerosity, and so they feel justified in discarding the data in favor of their existing political views.
"Factfulness" by Hans Rosling shows how smart people can be worse than monkeys (i.e. random guesses) about real world data you might expect them to know about.  Systematic bias.
For the skin cream question, they way you presented it, the correct answer is both: The cream made the rash better and worse. Presumably, the sizes of the groups are not 298 and 128, which is what it would take for every participant to have seen an effect - either better or worse. Since it doesn't make sense to assume someone chose those group sizes, and it's unreasonable to assume every person saw an effect, we have to assume there are people who had no change, and those people make up the difference to the total group size. So if we assume the total group size was 500 for each, in the cream group (in the first presentation) there are 298 people who got better, 202 who stayed the same, and 75 who got worse, and the control group had 107 people get better, 372 stay the same, and 21 get worse. In the cream group (in the first presentation) more people got better than control (298 vs 107) and more people got worse than control (75 vs 21). So the answer to the question "Did the cream make the rash better or did it make it worse" is yes. It made users more likely to get better, more likely to get worse, and less likely to stay the same.  The only way this question requires proportional reasoning is if we make the baffling assumptions that every user saw an effect, AND one group is 233% the size of the other for absolutely no reason. Now, if the question was "Is this a good cream?" or "Is it a good idea to use this cream?" then we have another scenario.
Yay...I got the right answer,   Wait, I'm not smart...   Nooo....is it a paradox, I'm confused... You said  the smarter you are, it's likely you'll get it wrong  But i got it right , so am i dumb or smart? 😂😂😂😂    Note: smart people will answer it wrong 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I don't even understand the question 😭
I actually strongly disagree and take offense at the notion I have anything _meaningful_ in common with my political opponents. I absolutely do not share their basic understanding of historical and scientific facts, their philosophy, their values, or their goals because it always comes at the cost of those who are already disenfranchised and marginalized, including themselves because they constantly vote against their own working-class interests. It is simply _less than useless_ to coddle their regressive, reactionary brainfarts and dignify them with a voice in the cultural or political landscape. Also both parties suck, it's just that while one doesn't deserve to win, the other _deserves to lose._
I wonder what the results would be in a different country, where political issues are not so polarized, not so blue/red. The USA is rather... special when it comes to politics.
Am i stupid for getting it wromg?
bro the reveal into politics, and then gun control, why was i genuinely so astonished by how such a great study this is
Hong Kong at 9:26..... tears in my eyes....
Wow this video went entirely the opposite way I thought it was going. Because the correct answer to the skin cream question is "I don't know". Without knowing how many people there are in the control and experimental group, and how much relative value getting your rash to worsen has in relation to getting it to improve, you don't have enough data to answer the question
Does crime worsened with a green arrow mean the act of perpetrating crime increased and became worse? Or the act of perpetrating crime became worse, and crime decreased? The question inherently confuses the frequency of an action and the outcome of an action. Compared to the skincare question, it's a badly worded question.
I'm all for better math education and less political bias. Conditional probability should be a bigger part of the curriculum. As an extension, I wonder how today's best LLMs do on these questions. Would bias creep in or are the machines better than humans in rational decision making based on data?
As for gun control, the Bill of Rights doesn’t give a crap about data. Also, data is easily manipulated. We saw this during the whole 2020 hullabaloo.
why does the title say "Smarter People", but in the actual study they investigated numeracy, not smarts?
01:38 it's 5x times because conducted on less people. If you do conduct on more people than it will be less
Interesting, however, "Smarter" in the title sounds very vague and click-baity, (if feel greater numeracy skill doesn't automatically make you smarter). With so many variables based on information bias, experience, cultural background and emotions, I feel it's normal that rationality takes a secondary role in decision making. However infuriating it might be.
I am Just watching the number of views.. counter is like petrol meter... running so fast 😂😂
The problem is less political, and more about subjects where you already have (percieved) experience so you already expect a result. As for gun control, data by criminologists like John Lott (CPRC) and Gary Kleck (point blank; JCrimLaw 164 1995) has already shown that gun control increases crime. Studies amongst prisoneers have already shown that they fear armed "victims". The very fact that criminals commit crimes has shown that they do not care about laws. So it is extremely reasonable to already assume the answer. Because it already exists. You should rather ask: is this study real or did it get the data wrong?
The first question makes no since- due to there being no "rash didn't change" column, it is assumed that there were more participants than what is shown in the table. We would then need to know the total participants of each group to know the answer. If we assume the two groups have equal participants, which they should for a valid study, there would be a higher percentage of people who's rashes improved.
Just don’t be so sure that what you believe is correct. It’s very simple.
My brain reading the question and thinking.. “if the rash got “better,”wouldnt that mean the rash increased in size?
I must be super studid. Within 5 seconds i went right to proportional reason and got it right.
It's funny he said to avoid key words like he kinda did in this video, this is pretty much a video about bias hahahah
Thought provoking and only sponsor I've willingly watched all the way through, and you saved it to the end. Love this channel.
10:12 Why is that scary though? If both sides talk amongst each other in the same way, isn't that just evidence that we are not so different and are just as capable of talking between parties in the same way?
The correct answer is that the data are probably meaningless
This is a classic example of causation vs correlation. We see correlation and think it's causation rather than looking for all possible causes. Like I see this and wonder what causes the cognitive dissonance required for this gap.
16% of control group got worse, 25% of the actual group got worse, so a larger percentage of the control group got better, the cream is essentially useless->possibly makes it worse
If you do worse in this test it's possible that you are smart, but if you also do worse in normal tests,  then you are doomed motherlovers.
@veritasium have this experiment been done with autistic participants ? My guess is that we are more likely to analyze the data and base our conclusions on that rather than what our "tribe" thinks. Because that's how we live our daily lives
Derek must've been rushing the editors on this one
Confirmation bias illustrated
This basically tells us that humans are pathetic.  Speaking as a physicist.
5:14 I am going to stop you there. Here is the problem with this study - skin cream to rash resolution is a pretty straightforward causal link. Gun control is just too complex of a subject to make this type of causal relationship.   To use another similar, currently relevant example, it would be like saying that when the Feb lowers interest rates it causes a recession. You can back that up ten ways to Sunday by showing how when the Fed lowers interest rates a recession almost always follows historically. I could make the same argument that anyone that does not agree with me is wrong, empirically.  I think we can all agree that the Economy, like crime rates, are both complex in nature, and respond to an undefinable number of inputs, therefore making them difficult - if not impossible - to predict with any accuracy. There are just too many variables that can have an input to know what is moving what exactly. I would expect that smartest of the smartest would realize this. I would be interested to know which people called you out on that fact, but my guess is that data was not recorded.
People being purposefully obtuse to fit their ideas to their political views is the most American thing ever!
1:33 I felt so off with this and I even got the question right. thinking about it more. what percentage of people thought both groups where equal in number?
This is exactly why lapdog media is dangerous. It adds the necessary bias required to put aside any logic that people might use.
This might be one of the best videos you have made, no quantum physics or hard to understand things, a relatively short video to just tell "Don't do blind politics, choose with sound mind" and that's it..
Humans be stupid. Damn. I just played myself.
I thought I was doing quite well...  And I was :(
bruh I'm liking a video which called me stupid 😭
People somehow forget the Trolley Problem when it comes to electing the next rancid president, instead opting to “jump in front of the trolley”. So much “protest/moral skipping” or vote for a “highly likely third party”. Its hilarious to think how our third parties, with literal brainworms, would ever gather enough votes.
Meh, yes and no, so conservatives actually don’t care about gun crime rates, no evidence to support that. Conservatives want guns to fight the government. I don’t want to fight the government to make myself clear.
There is a problem with this study - it was only conducted on 1,111 American people. American people live in a bubble, are very egoistic, privileged, individualistic and self righteous people. That's why they still follow the imperial measurement system even if they know it's a stupid measurement system.  So no wonder the American people will leave their logical minds and follow their emotional ego minds to answer political questions
This has become such a pseudointellectual channel, maybe it always was, the problem here was the labeling of the gun trial, not the political leanings of the people answering.
Sooo you're proving that confirmation bias exists? I'm at 8:30 I hope there's more to it...
oh boy a politics video on my science channel.. That being said i believe that an armed society is safer, and the research that is done is always motivated by removing that right, so i have become jaded when being shown research on this specific issue.
5 years in, and this was your worst one to date........  Stay in your lane
My problem with this entire study is that people were "asked" how they think their numeracy skill is. They were not actually tested for it. That means that the entire x-axis of all of these graphs represents how high people THINK their numeracy skill is and not how high it actually is. And as we all know, smarter people tend to underevaluate their skill set while dumber people tend to overevaluate their skill set. Meaning the people with the highest numeracy skill are probably not at the far right of the x-axis.
am i dumb for getting the first question right?....
I love this stuff. How might this affect truth, misinformation and, disinformation in News?
Most people have the same goals, but different ways to achieve it. This makes the other side to believe that they have different goals, wich leads to the people being divided.
Trump supporters won't understand this video.
They're not answering "worse" but better if you consider the game not just the test but their social context, they used their intelligence to dodge the question. If you were to do the same test but the participants were to loose 200$ if they answer "wrong", you'll see how all of a sudden they regain their number skills. If you are asking anything to anyone, you should first ask yourself what is the person responding winning or losing with their answer. If they personally win or loose something (specially if it is their own identity or their social standing) they will lie and not even admit doing it to themselves.  Everybody but scientists and economics understand this simple human psychology and the problem is with scientists and economics because they tend to be autistic and sociopathic, IE they have a hard time understanding that everyone lies all the time even to themselves.
the rash thing is complicated, because i would expect a rash to potentially clear up on its own over time anyway.  not the same with crime.
10:48 Although the idea of overcoming polarization and addressing real problems through specific local policies is appealing, this solution totally ignores the structural injustices at the root of those problems. We focus on the problem, not the cause, and this strategy has long-term consequences. In french, there is an expression that goes: « we need to call a cat ''a cat'' » (Il faut appeler un chat « un chat »). And that cat's name is climate change
both sides are working for saturn demons so no to both
I tried so hard to get them wrong
There is a logic center in our brain and it's job is to create logic to justify our actions after the fact. It tricks us into thinking the logic was the reason for our actions. I'm a bit surprised it wasn't mentioned in this video because it plays a key role in our ability to deceive ourselves.
I use similar thinking when comparing peoples responses to different glorifications in games. Like for example if a game glorifies the fantasy of being a psycopath then people are indifferent on it (except boomers and some woman), but when a game glorifies lolies (anime petite woman and kids aka) which falls under pdf then people are highly negative of it. I came to the conclusion that people cherry pick what is ok and not to fantasize about in digital media.
So I guess it's just me but on the cream study (haven't watched further yet lmao) I couldn't really get to a conclusion cause I felt like I didn't have the whole info. What was the total size of both groups? Was it 298 for the group that used cream and only 128 for the control group? I would expect the control group to be of equal size and I'd also think there should be a third category: "No change" cause...welll...maybe stuff just didn't change. So because of that I couldn't get to a conclusion. Cause I didn't have all the info I felt was necessary to evaluate the numbers.
Lol MAGA republicans are the dumbest people on Earth
Nope, tribalism isn't rational.
If you look the numbers VERTICALLY instead of horizontally  you see that there is 223 out of 107 that improved ( about a ratio of 2x) but when looking at the Worsened numbers, you get 75 out of 21 which is a bit more than 3x...  So there are more people where the cream worsened their skin😉
"i scored bad because i'm smart trust"
Hmmm... I am not sure if the statement "x percentage points less likely to get the right answer" is equivalent to "x percentage of those asked, gave the incorrect answer".    Either they measured how many people actually responded to the questions "wrongly" and "rightly", or they measured the likelihood of people giving a "wrong" or "right" answer.  But these options different, separate and not at all equivalent.  This is pseudo-science: first they arrive at a conclusion: "Republicans are 'dumb' because they are pro-gun, pro-fracking and don't believe in global warming" and then they design a "study" that proves the preset conclusion.  Where have we seen that before?....
I was so hung up on the fake study being incomplete that the actual "trick" caught me off guard.  I was stuck thinking, "Well, I can't make a conclusion with insufficient evidence. After all, I don't even know the total number of participants to determine whether or not the treatment had neutral, or no effect, outcomes on the participants."  That's what I got stuck on. I thought the fake study was obviously flawed to the extent that I didn't even understand the point of it 😅
I will say the title is a little misleading. "Smarter People Do Worse" sounds, to me, like "Smarter People Do Worse Than Less Intelligent People", which isn't the case. It's really just that "smarter people did better when they used math than when they didn't".
I think one way to improve on this, is to teach this in school. Teach logical thinking, already from a young age. Teach critical thinking, and recognising your own biases.
Veritasium truly outdid themselves with the title on this one. I watched a video that was nothing like I expected. Probably the last Veritasium video I watch, Derek fell off.
looking at the data isnt as simple as taking someone elses "word" either.
politics ruins ya mind! :D be skeptical.
No.  Just no, man - this is biased.  I'll tell you why. 1. You're putting people on the spot.  Gut reactions do not correlate to honest feeling and how people act overall, such as voting. Not only that, they are being filmed and either know who you are or don't want to be totally honest on camera. 2. The first example of the cream is a "study" which includes participants and typically from a certain demographic.  The gun example is represented as FACT.  While people could look up either (see my first point), they would tend to believe you more if you say "these are crime stats" versus "this is from a study where we decided to test a different number of people for using the lotion than the placebo".  3. "Smarter People Do Worse" is horrible clickbait.  Being able to do math in your head does not make you smart nor does jumping to conclusions with bad data.
11:32 I really don't understand that. From the republican participants, how can people be in the 99th percentile in "science comprehension" while overwhelmingly choosing disagree to a question that has been 100% proven to just be factually true by tens of thousands of scientists already? And even more confusing why would those with lesser science comprehension agree to it more? That's the opposite of what I'd expect? Or has it something to do with the definition of science comprehension or something?
This video is yet another proof that politics are the lowest form of human achievement
Question: how do you put an elephant into a refrigerator?
This proves what we all knew all along: Politics ruins everything.
I mean, people just defending their political stands regardless of the data or their knowledge
Im curious of the method they used to determine numeracy
Why is climate change political?
Great video 😮
Have to give some critical feedback here: focusing on specific local policies is how global warming gets away from us. The "here and now", "in your face" situations ALWAYS have to be dealt with. And less esoteric but equally intangible problems like "do we replace this bridge now or can we wait?" are also just not helpful in addressing issues that NEED to be addressed, i.e., gun control, global warming, abortion rights, etc. And the most useful measure, IQ, is thrown out because it's "biased", but literally EVERY ISSUE OF IMPORTANCE has a SEVERE leaning right vs. left for IQ. But we don't talk about that OR we come up with fancy smoke and mirrors to fool ourselves into believing its not true or not important. And the baseline for IQ is improved drastically by many obvious but politically suicidal solutions: improved K-12; equitable access to all levels of higher education regardless of wealth or family; childcare; marriage support programs; family planning programs... I could go on and on and on. Instead of 50/50 on these issues we could be 75/25. Instead we fall further and further into Idiocracy.
The thing is, I DID go down the mathematical route, but answered incorrectly because my dyscalculic butt got the maths incorrect.  That's a double ouch.
Democrats may look smarter, still the are neo marxist…
An Intelligent person is intelligently capable of creating a logically sound argument for an illogical proposition, as long as they're subjectively motivated to do so.
top one is a 33% and the bottom is 19%  So then you have to know is it a failure rate or a success rate.
Good video. Haven't seen you in a while but I definitely learned something here
Fix the American gun problem, force EVERY NEW gun owner to take a mandatory firearms safety course. Heck, teach it in all public schools, for free, starting in grade 7. Poof! One day, even future illegal gun owners will have a basic fire arms safety course under their belt. Win-win. Oh, heavy fines for leaving a loaded gun inside a vehicle. THAT shyt is moronic af. It just helps criminals obtain weapons. You know, idiots that steal your shyt. Plus, Lock up or hide your gun(s) at home too. Keeps everyone safer, especially kids.
still watching but I'm glad to say I said 'make it worse' on the first question (for the proportional reason)
So im dumb? Huh😅
It's also called the "I'm not biased" biase :)
A nationally diverse group of Americans?
It's a stupid chart to begin with.   There is no control to the subject count or rash count.   Because of this... All you have to do is either about double the no-cream stats so that the improved number is about the same, or half the cream stats in order to see that there is more "worsening" with the cream.  Basically... With cream: For every hundred improved, 30+ worsened.   Without cream: For every hundred improved, 20 worsened.  Meaning no cream is better.
How did you measure the participants numeracy? I feel it would be difficult to test them when you interview them on the street.
So many people find minor differences in others that they just can't abide and therein starts the path of polarization. When people realize that every single person on the planet is more alike than they are different it becomes easier to accept the small stuff. That includes an individuals perception about themselves. Working and playing nicely becomes increasingly difficult as the belief of "specialness" for any individual or group is held.
We are just primitive apes with tech, but apes at the end of the day.
This one study explains everything about American politics.
Simple logic fallacy in the first 2 minutes of the video. Do better
This is actually Derek's field of speciality. He got his PhD in science communication.
You should ask trumpers about Flat Earth and cloud seeding. that would be so much fun😅
My beliefs are formed from my interests. I don't think any of my beliefs are formed from data. The only political issue I can remotely say my beliefs are based on data (though, I myself haven't actually looked at any data - I have just heard other people claim things about the data) is global warming, but the only thing my belief says is whether or not I believe the issue is real, my beliefs doesn't say what to do about the issue.
So basically confirmation bias. You search for justification based on your beliefs
I feel like the skin cream experiment lacks something, maybe total nr of participants? There was higher probability of improvement vs worsening, but it was still beneficial for smaller number of people so doesn't it depend whether you value safety or effectiveness? Like high risk-high reward vs low risk-low reward, which is better?  If the numbers were 80%/10% vs 8%/0.5% which would be better then? I'd say the latter is more or less useless for most people so is it really better? I don't think "better" is defined by the ratio but rather is subjective and depends on your values and needs and in that case there wouldn't be an objectively "right" or "wrong" answer. Maybe I'm missing something so if anyone can correct me I would appreciate it :)
Simple conclusion: tribalism prevails over actual rationality.  Absolutely true. Your solution is only a little effective. A little effective is grossly inadequate. What does work is patience, generosity, and breaking the problem down into the smallest parts possible where truth is easier to accept. Then repeat all of the little pieces ad nauseam. This is a very slow process. And it too is easily overwhelmed by tribalism, hate, fear, and negative memes.
Basically Dem voters did even worse than Republican voters who they believe are stupid
…statistics…
Maybe take a look at "Tangle News"  I am not affiliated with them but heard about them on the Radio. As an example, they use the term "unauthorized immigrant" instead of the politically charged "illegal alien" or the ridiculous euphemism "undocumented immigrant"
the problem is not people believing in different things. the problem is people activly trying to divide groups of people
To be honest, you're only thinking the skincare thing halfway through and then you look at it from the wrong angle: The data clearly shows 2 things: First, it helps with the rashes where it works and second, there must be some issue - some sort of allergen or something - that can worsen the condition. That potential allergen is where you must do more research: If you can find that and lower it as far as possible (0 will never happen), you'll have a really good product in your hands: The baseline is good, it just needs more work. And gun control is proven to work everywhere on the world except where the gun lobbies are too strong. That's just fact, proven over and over and over again. 🙂
Wow. That real study about how many people comment based on the title is going really well. Almost all the top comments are about how smart people get the question wrong… even though that is not in the video.
3:02 "i dont think the numbers matter" is an insane answer  i love it
I dislike that the cream control sample had people who didn’t take any cream at all. They should have stated the control group was given a blind ineffective cream in order for both groups to have the same placebo effect. Otherwise only the group taking the real cream gets that placebo benefit. Anyway interesting video
Welcome to the parallel reason for the hallucinations of AI. Weighting in the minds eye of priorities. AI suffers in the same way based on data source and weighting applied by the owner/sculptor of the AI. People do basically the same thing though they ultimately cannot see the weights. They only express them. Thanks for sharing. Great observations here.
it indeed is objective fact that gun control laws increase crimes.....and gun ownership and carry decreases crime.
Humans didn't evolve
So high intelleigence isn't all good, who knew?
7 minutes in and I already lost interest.
First, I was wondering why I have a different intuitive answer than everyone else. Then you explain it, I simply know from experience that skin cream tends to worsen my skin condition
I know that Im dumb but I don't know whether I am smart enough to answer it
guy asks a hypothetical question with made up numbers: "I wanna look at the sources and sources of sources..." Bro just answer the question, you don't sound smart...
This seems easily explainable as people with higher numeracy being people more likely to include additional factors in their calculation besides the study itself.  If, correctly or wrongly, someone has the perspective from prior experiences that gun control is bad, then they will of course consider how the data showing the opposite result at a surface level could've been collected or summarized in a misleading way, whereas someone with less numerical literacy may not be as aware of ways in which data could be summarized in a misleading way, and they may be more likely to assume the data in front of them implies its surface level meaning.  The same applies for people who, correctly or wrongly, have the pre-existing perspective that gun control is good. They're not just going to overturn their entire perspective because you showed them a little two-way table of data they haven't even been able to validate yet.  So, it's not necessarily that the "smarter people are more likely to get the question wrong" but more like "people with higher numeracy scores are more likely to consider nuances based on prior experience with an issue, and this may in some cases lead to a more correct or less correct answer."
Yep failed all of those. This must mean something heh.
Keep eyes on government policy is most important.
If you don't want your country to fall for tribalism, then don't build a political/electoral system that forces an arbitrary bipartisanship by failing to properly represent everybody. It's as simple as that in the end. Such system forces every single problem into black & white for the sole reason of voting capture. And our opinions are always shades of gray.
Independent and 3rd party voters are always getting left out of these surveys...
The only thing I would've like to see covered in this video was the importance of moral and/philosophical reasoning that the study doe3snt cover.   For example,  suppose the study instead said "Imprisoning people based off of accusations and no fair trial" and 1 case it reduces crime and in the other it increases crime.  If I saw a dataset the proved it reduces crime, I would disagree with the data set because it's based on an immoral premise.   We should not necessarily base our beliefs off of datasets and statistics and this is proven in this hypothetical.
I understand the need to be reasonable, and get multiple points of view, but it's a bit hard to reconcile when there is a significant portion of one side that is actively trying to overthrow our democracy.
As much as I love Veritasium, both-sidesing this is doing a disservice to the truth. There's only one side that outright rejects scientific reality like the fact that climate change is real, and it's not democratic voters. Look at the graph at 7:04, even when the stats support the opposite of their their political beliefs the liberals are more likely to get the question right
This is statics.   Numbers don’t lie but liars use numbers.  Just like presidential polls.
Maybe not decreasing education budget to peanuts 🥜 would help. 👌
I don't what any of this means, I must be a genius
Wow a politics video that ignores power and differing interests among classes in society. The pinacle of liberalism!
As a socialist, it's telling to me how much I can get my republican, Trump supporting family to agree with the ideas as long as I don't use the scary S or C words. It's all a ploy by the politicians and wealthy anyways to keep up divided over topics. It won't change until there's some sort of revolution, they aren't going to give up their power that they gained by dividing and conquering. This type of thinking is intentional.
Whew, I don't use logic to vote. I use the spiritual gut-feeling ick  (both US candidates this year are big ick, dont vote for them)
Bro posted this on this day on purpose 😂
3:02  💀    After the cut:  „I would eat the skin cream.“
it's pretty disingenuous to pretend the dispute over crime statistics is because people are looking at different reports. the fbi changed how it reported the statistics and it's being used as a political tool by the party that is currently in control of the fbi. you don't bridge the gap politically by playing both sides games when there is clearly a disparity in honesty about this topic.
Notice though that liberals are much smarter than conservatives. This has been shown time and again in studies, and shown here again at 7:05  Nearly twice as many libs and conservatives get the answer right even when it disagrees with their politics.
lol i am dumb as fug i got it right away.
hmmm.. but now my answers are unreliable because I've been told to not expect the answer I anticipate being right...
what is "science comprehension" anyway? lol
That’s why “smart”people vote communist, socialist, N@Zi, and Democrat.
Very topical, given your geographical setting... My personal cognitive bias says "Glad I'm in Europe, despite its problems".
10:19 competition is important though. Without some other side that challenges your believes you are more likely to fall of the cliff of commen sense in the long run.
Your hair looks darker..
We delusionaly believe we are reasoning animals, we are not, and never have been, we are faith based animals. Faith can literally make us see things that aren't there or not see things that are there; literally make us hallucinate. It is not possible for anyone of faith to think rationally on any subject on which they have faith. This is humanity's greatest flaw and it will be our downfall.
For the first time in your channel, I felt there is a political motivation behind here! That was surprising considering the time of this video release.
I feel like the solution to use less triggering language may work on an individual basis but when you have billion dollar tech and media companies whose bread and butter is triggering people into retention or politicians triggering people into action, feels like an insurmountable obstacle to keep your wits about you
'The numbers don't mean anything to me' You don't say 😂
Well seems like idiocracy like scenarios just might save us after all
We same the same thing right now with early election results - more numerate individuals can read the tea leaves to predict their party winning.
How big an effect could the low numeracy people have shown @veritasium?   You got enamoured with the straight probabilities / proportions, perhaps because they worked with the question in the experiment. But they don't work with what the experiment is really about. It is, quite simply, an unfair comparison. The low numeracy group could not have observed as large an effect simply because, even if the data follow their bias, they can't score as highly. There are a few plausible baselines in order to work this out but it's not the one Kahan used.  I kind of can't believe you fell for this one Derek. .... I think a great followup video would be to work on this a bit harder and come out with your own study of how you missed this one.
This is another reason why the hyper-partisan, distorted to be 2 party, single winner district , voting system is a fail.   We need proportional representation in order to be less tribal and more nuanced in our thinking.   It would be interesting to do these same experiments in countries with modern multi-party proportional representation rather than just in the US which has archaic 2 party distorted misrepresentation which is much much closer to just being tribalism.
Twitter will probably try to cancel him for making this video
Can you tell us more about the sampling of people, I believe you only took american?
The biggest problem is that everyone’s feed is corrupted. And much of the information has a hidden agenda. How many scientists said cigarettes were healthy? Congress is more about getting money than doing right. RFK J has health statistics on food and medicine yet….. i believe that a giant correction is coming to USA, ppl are not intellectually honest and are tribal. Why will no politician address 37 trillion debt? Brics?
The matter of the video revolves around cognitive heuristic but the script miss it.
Divisive ideologies are the key of ruling. Politicians and media have to polarize people in order to keep their power, unfortunately it perfectly works with smart people as well.
Another disappointing Veritasium video.  A video about numeracy and interpreting data needs to tell you what the sample sizes are, have error bars on their charts, and do a better job of describing methodology, or at least share the raw data from their survey.  Derek is a compelling storyteller, but a poor scientist.
why change it to improved and worsened?
It's crazy to me that when you put it in a political context people immediately just forget about the numbers and try to reason with completely unrelated politcal views
Drop, babe up. New Veritasium woke~
When asked about guns, people are just using the opportunity to express themselves, who really cares if the answers are right or wrong?
It’s good every once in a while for some one to go “WHAM your biased”
It's not the "exact same question and data as the skin-cream sample" though. And it's not really just a "political context", it's a "further knowledge" context.  It is additional data on a well studied subject. So knowledge of old data scews the valuation of new data. Kind of like if you posted the same question with car crashes while not wearing a seat-belt. People who know the underlying large dataset, will not reason with the new data on a well studied subject the same they would reason with data on a new subject. So most people would answer "seatbelts save lives" no matter what imagined data you provide, with only the high numeracy people routinely calulating the data sometimes. All the while the skin-cream is truly neutral, as a new skin-cream is totally new data on a new subject.  Also even the posted graphs show, that numeracy actually informs accuracy. It's just that most people in the middle don't have the numeracy to check all data on validity and therefore fall back on previously researched large scale data.  The premise of the underlying thesis is bad, as it tries to pass "extensive knowledge" off as "political tribalism".
Correlation does not mean causation. And when it contradict my political belief, it's 100% wrong.  A study CAN be false. If the randomly collected data, just so happened to pick the very few examples where I'm wrong, all you've shown is that you either got lucky, or you did it hundreds of times, and only showed the one that showed what you wanted.  Since both sides think like this, maybe stop using statistics to claim facts!
Victory... But at what cost?
There's a problem with the gun question though in my opinion. It is mainly because in reality, common sense gun control is logically going to make crime rates go down. And so when you use it as a question with fictitious data showing that the correct answer to that is that gun control does not bring crime rate down and instead up while keeping two possible answers possible to choose from, you are quite setting the common sense bar of the question below zero. This simply makes logically thinking people more inclined to pick what is wrong to that question posed. In real world people are going to make decisions based on facts, not fictitious data. So this question on this topic with a made-up data to test people's thinking isn't quite fruitful or efficient I would say.
Awkward cream experiment. Double blind is definitely something different.
so this is basically a reversed dunning-kruger effect?
From a scientist's point of view, The correct answer to the skin cream question is: "chuck the results out". The absence  of a 'no change' category means the sample sizes are unknown. (Besides, no indication of measurement method, placebo control, double-blind, etc. etc.) "How much better?" and "how much worse?" are important questions, unanswered.   The results of the actual survey are as useless as the results of the fictional one... I would chuck those out, too.
I think the strongest conclusion to draw from this video is that strong political beliefs are antithetical to intelligence.
The problem with political statistics is that so often political statistics are wrong or themselves biased such that if your preconceived notions are based on common sense and a proven track record of being correct it's better to go with the preconceived notion than the individual stat as being more true.
I got the question right. I don't FEEL like I'm dumb.. I graduated from college and am working at Tesla right now. I've just got a very logical brain and I work with data day in and day out.
The issue is not politics skewing the results, its the gun trial being poorly labeled compared to the very straight forward labeling of the cream trial, it makes no sense to label it like this, it introduced needless complexity and made it downright incomprehensible, because of this people just defaulted to their political understanding of gun control so of course you'd get republicans answering right when the answer is guns good and democrats answering right when the answer is guns bad, did no one during the production of this video thought to mention this?
This was ... unbearably dumb. "Hey bro. ignore everything you know about a problem, look at these numbers and get to the solution that we selected to go against your bias" "We conclude that bias affects people people objective rationality, meaning we are not brains in jars" .... brilliant. Thank you!
9:29 is that maratha rally?
"On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse". So where was this in the video?
Sooo, the dumer people are, the more they tend to believe And corectly understand scientific data.
Obviously your definition of "smart" is wrong, then.
This is so good for showing how sometimes becoming too emotional can hamper your decision making
At 5:10, when Derek states the "Republican" reasoning on gun control, I cringed hard: it's unhinged far west nonsense.
I immediately asked myself, well did they present total number of crimes? I know it didn't. But was it left away intentionally for the questionnaire participants? Or did a lot of people not notice that it wasn't a total number? This changes everything.   The rash one would've also been a different result, if it had a lot of "neutral", where it didn't worsen or improve. For crimes, like people shot, lower number is always better and the total number is consistent so you have a lot more neutral unaffected people.  Also we constantly fight wrong information, it would be fatal to believe like one statistics, that apparently is even made up. It leaves aside so many relevant reasons.  But I agree that a lot, most, people are Mitläufer aka blind followers to the tribe. Especially Americans after watching hours of documentary about the current election. :D
We have so many videos now per week and I am not complaining
I think some representatives should be randomly selected just to help reduce executive disconnect.
@veritasium - this is a REALLY good video. (Maybe a varient of selection bias?) Timely and interesting. Thanks!
But if someone was making a article of such a topic Then the less of those "buzzwords/Triggerword" and "making one side seem evil language" The less the views the person will get?  Im not saying the government has any incentive for views but just a idea
He says humans are "creatures" then take about evolution. "Creature" means something that was created. We didn't evolve.
politics  cause thinking for ourselves is weird
7:30 I didn't know Tarantino did aTED talk 🤣
Using math, to prove that math isn't the final solution; Read the title of your video again, my friend.
You're given a mathematical task, you just need to calculate percentage and give an answer based on this, the "background" of a question is irrelevant. Interesting how people start answering completely different question and start discussing the "background" and forget about the actual numbers.
crime rose because of illegal immigration, dont need stats, I can see what is happening in my area, simple
This is the kind of politics I can get behind. I’m so tired of tribalism
I knew this was just an add for the sponsor. GTFO. The concept of such a reporting tool is fantastic however the vast majority of sources it uses to "report" news are not reputable or trust worthy. Content creators need to stop taking money from this organization.
This showcases how dumb our 2 party system is and how they play one against the other.
And just like that, he proved that he HIMSELF made an ooopsie.  Or maybe it was clickbait?  Its not "smarter" people. Its "educated" people, aka people that went to college.   And educated people are MORE prone to be more opinionated and they make their studies and findings fit within their opinions, fueled by their ego.  If something ends up not fitting their narrative, they end up discarding the findings rather than change their opinion.   Dumber people just lack the data and understating to change their opinions.  They are not the same.  One group is steadfast due to their lackings in information, the other griup is steadfast in their opinion ignoring facts even when they understand them.   Being dumb is different from being ignorant. But only one group shows actual malice. And no, its not "higly rational", its higly irrational. You are just trying to fit in within the group.  Btw, only one group consumes media from both sides and only one group uses loaded terms and buzzwords and think only within tribal terms, using their own terms with their own language and meanings.
seems fitting that the woman with the american flag cap wasn't concerned with numbers XD
I've learned not to trust studies on certain topics in general. Also, the wording is confusing. The term "crime improves" vs. "crime worsens" can have a double meaning. Most people would interpret that as there is less crime and more crime, but taken literally, "crime improves" would mean better crime, and "crime worsens" would mean worse crime. So in one city people are better at doing crime while in another they are not nearly as good at crime. Also, it could be seen as people in one city committing less serious offenses, and in another, they are committing more serious offenses. The presentation of the facts itself is ambiguous.
cool
i dont need a study to tell me that crime is up. i see it. go vote trump
"Would you disavow 30 years of studying and observation because of this fake study i jammed i your face?"  what a joke
Man the title basically has nothing to do with the content😂 But nice vid as usual
This is my answer before watching the answer. no rash cream is better
This is super interesting! Our opinions are changing our logic thinking before checking the facts
I was doing ratios and concluded that rash didn't improve for the first one. I guess im smart.
I give up hope on humanity.
Remember to vote
the answer is simple. for the cream to have the same effect as the group below it should have three times the same number of participants, since it has more then it did worse.
be smart but not an npc
the USA's #1 problem is not having universal healthcare... Change my mind with data.
The leaps of logic here are enormous.  You can see exactly the root cause in the street interactions.  When asked about something people have previously learned about (not anonymous cream 424925) they offer a complete multi-sourced answer, and put little weight on the fake numbers.  These conversations are super disjoint from the math supposedly being studied, but are then falsely reframed by the researcher(s) as mathematical failures, or examples or irrationality.  Derek then continues to build on this false foundation to talk about tribalism.  Episode went off the cliff.
Excellent show, but I found the title slightly misleading
So basically, politics makes you stupid
I wish I could show this video to my entire country of 1 billion people but it's not possible lol. I'll try to forward it as much as I can, put some sense into people.
Too good 👍
This is similar to a video I've seen by After Skool, on "Why smart people believe dumb things." Apparently, stronger reasoning abilities can help you justify your views, instead of rationalizing your way to the correct conclusion. You start with a belief, and work on justifying it, instead of starting by looking at the evidence, and working towards the conclusion. Also something called the Nobel Prize Effect, I think? Where Nobel Laureates believe in pseudoscience and all sorts of mystical nonsense, because they are outside of their area of expertise. The solution that comes to mind is constantly questioning your beliefs and assumptions, I guess, which is easier said than done.
Surprise, people have preconceptions.
TRUMP 2024
Hey Veritasium. Be careful. Normally you would be pretty much right before Trump. But the sides aren't equal. The right wing is taking us off a cliff and  by saying that we might be equal and try to be non partisan you might be sane washing them.
What a dumb study.  Both sides of the aisle have been inundated with totally BS political studies that are designed to push an agenda.  They rightfully looked at this fake study with a keen eye that it was nonsense.
We have a question to you here about numbers. But if you agree with the correct answer you'll lose your job XD
I don't think that conclusion is correct. It's not that more numerate people score worse. They still score better but just barely. Relative to their unpolitical performance they score worse, but that's only because they would have normally scored very high. Their total performance is still better or at least the same. So it's not that they do worse on the political problems, they just lose their edge and perform about the same as everyone else.
I am not sad but i expected part 2 of least action video😢
What does "crime decreased: 223" even mean 😭
I think the correct question is "Did the X made it better or worse ACCORDING TO THIS STUDY?"
hang on, for the skin cream, there is no prior or external information. it's just the numbers, for the gun control, people have already seen information. calling prior knowledge 'ideology' is a bit unfair. A proper comparison would be with something else (not an unknown skin cream) that they already know something about. For example, if the 2nd question was on the effectiveness of vaccines, would you expect any medical professional to seriously regard any data that suggests they don't work? they would prioritise what they already know (more authoritative data). That's not ideology. That's knowledge and experience and is important for not being gullible: not believing something just because some numbers have been printed on a piece of card. If 'correct' conclusion of the 'data' is that perpetual motion machines work, then of course a knowledgeable person is not going to draw that conclusion butwill look for another one - and rightly so.
I'd be interested to see if there was also a third fake study that had equally great societal impact, but where beliefs were shared. E.g. investment in infrastructure affecting prosperity. To me, I don't like to be inaccurate and studies are often quoted inaccurately by communicators, because they require some expertise to understand. Because I think the reason I'd be more cautious with a gun question than a skin cream question was the scale of the societal impact, not ideology. Maybe that's because I have ASD and it seems like I'm less scared to be outside the norm than neurotypical people, and have great difficulty accepting things that don't make sense to me.
The skin cream one is missing the number of people who experienced no change.
Glad I'm not snart
Interesting how the title is making everyone misunderstand the implication of the video, because they see it as a threat to their personal identity, and not because of the contents of the video.  Its not that smart people do worse than dumb people, its that smart people do worse on these questions than they do on other questions. If youre dumb, youll do poorly on all of them lol
Pop science on youtube!!!  This is basically a tiny social experiment which shows that humans allow bias to effect their logic. Shocking!  lolol
If only everyone thought correctly, just like me...
This is such an important video. Acknowledging these truths will hopefully help everyone have a little more empathy.
The easiest thing to believe are thing you already believing in
Table with crimes doesn't make sense to me anymore. What numbers mean there? What 21 crimes worsened means. In previous one you just add 107 and 21 and you get 128 people who didn't use skin care. What 128 means in new table? Total crimes where guns are legal? And 21 of these crime are worse than what?
What a meaningfull video. I hope for everyone to be as reasonable as they can and help each other out, to become smarter and more aware people. ❤
7:17 Armchair expert from over yonder in London here. Just a little niggle: The _only_ difference‽ Careful what you assert and assume.  Whilst gun control and the reaction to it if you're red or blue can be sweepingly generalised into opposite sides of a coin, I'd want to give other assumptions their own proportionate airtime.  What about what we can pretty much say is the general rule that no matter which political hue the people questioned colour themselves, the gravity of the whole subject of guns outweighs the featherweight level of importance of skin cream. I've yet to continue watching until the end of your latest wunderbar video and I'm therefore hoping that I might be gifted with an answer.  9:10 Whilst I'm here, "All I see here... people... continue to hold partisan beliefs regardless of the evidence" Beggin' your pardon but WOT‽ Forgive me for hoisting you by your own petard, but we the audience and you the host have at best actually not seen the same answers to the question. At worst, in a blatant wave of schadenfreude on my part, right back at ya could I cry because it's incorrect to come to your conclusion.  Granted, I too was shocked by any answer other than one along the lines of "I'd stand corrected" BUT nary a one of the four we saw answered in the fashion you condemned them with. All I see here is you tarring them with the brush of only hearing what they want to hear by only concluding what you want to conclude! Hence the S word. Gun, foot, shoot. Ouch! You can probably get some cream for that...  10:04 Heaven help us if the default setting in the States really is my neighbour my enemy, rather than my brother. I cannot but pity the lady (10:10) who's suffocating under the "scary" realisation that we're all cut from the same cloth. A chink of light is to be found in her publicly airing it though.  And a few (I hope) words of encouragement from this interested bystander to wrap up: I'm not convinced that the horror show being described here is as all pervasive as I imagine that the presenter imagines. The world of social media is _not_ the world of we inhabitants of planet earth and judging by the fact that from ancient times and from all four corners of the world, the entreaty to Do unto others as you would have them do unto you in so many words has stood the test of time and succeeded, leads me to the view that such animosity as may well be being experienced at present in the United States is just a phase that the country's going through.
Bro called half of the population dumb😂😂
So...politics makes people crazy.  And stubborn.
8:31 “the numbers are not real”  “Yeah but”  Immediately shut up, my god
Fascinating but also the democrats got the right answer more consistently that Republicans when it went against their political leaning. Which shows the Republicans are more ideological. At least with the data shown here
Finally I was bragging for nothing.. I'm not smart 😂
People who were pointing out there are a lot more variables involved in crime than just gun control were correct.  What people failed to realize is that with a rash there are also a lot of variables besides cream.  You can't really come to a conclusion from those numbers on either topic.  So, what you are really showing is that the "smart" people were more skeptical about a gun control study than they are of a skin cream study.
Like for tacos
Speak about consistency! What a week!
I dont like the gun example, because there was a prior state to the example either the city had gun laws or no gun laws,  actually that example makes no sense. Crime worsened what does that mean? Were there more crimes in total? were there more deaths? were there more gun related crimes? I can see how people with difrent political views would interpret 240 cities crime worsened differently completely unrelated to math reasoning and just related to how the problem is worded.
I would've gotten it wrong, but not due to my political believes. Im just stupid :)
Long story short: the 2-party system is not great.
Similar to Sheldon Vs his Sister
I don't know how clearly, in the original staudy, was stated that the data were FICTIONAL, but in the interviews people seam to not have that part very clear. That may affect the result a lot. Moreover pulling them from political rally and ask them those questions can make them pretty defensive on specific issues.
I don't get it. smarter people were more likely to get the correct answer. how are they doing worse?
Great video!
I'd say people judge that the data is 'wrong' and thus don't get to the calculation part of the question, but rather feel like the answer doesn't matter, because the data is worthless.
You can't expect to replicate the results of the study with wording like "crime improved". What does that even mean.
Pragmatism V dogmatism trumps (non capitalized obs) intelligence. Welcome to being human
It is dangerous to be smart, because when you know you're smart and get cocky, you don't think that much
I'm so dumb, I didn't even understand the video properly and just thought if I get correct answers I'm dumb. I didn't even qualify 😂
"Am I Smart because I'm dumb or am I dumb because I'm smart?"
As an engineer, I immediately got it right. Seems like I’m an idiot
you only have 2 options so its a 50/50 if people are guessing. There should be like 4 or 5 to prove its not guessing on the rash question.
ROFL "if you switch the categories, then the skin cream makes the rash better" No. It just means you've found a way to sell useless cream in a world where everyone gets rashes.
I'm realizing I got it wrong for the wrong reasons :(
Are there some people for whom the skin cream neither makes it better or worse and it just stays the same?
i was right. am i dumb?
Modern politics is just modern religion except it's worse, there is nothing good to come by being extremely faithful to mere ideas.
My political beliefs are based on what is correct morally in reference to personal freedoms not what gets the best outcomes for controlling people.   So even if your data shows free speech is dangerous and leads to violence.  I still would think a government shouldn't be able to limit free speech.   Not allowing a government the ability to disarm it citizens is important for long term freedom.  Short term drops in crime rate would not justify the lost of personal freedoms.
Now the problem is getting accurate data where the statistics aren't "massaged" to give leading results, and getting people to believe the data when it's good.
I consider myself to be a progressive in the way that if there’s a better solution, even if it comes from the other side of the aisle, I’m open to suggestion. No need to start an argument. Just an honest, objective, discussion. It really is that simple.
There is a book called ‘you are not so smart’   If you watched this and are engaging with comments and reading this… you are goin got love that book. Please give it a shot. After reading it, I don’t trust my brain with anything.
Summary: Smart people do "worse" than they should've been when exposed with political ideas, but no worse than dumb people.
8:40   He is neither a Democrat nor a Republican
There is one cognitive bias exhibited by the guy doing the walkabouts (a meta-bias, if you will): it's the idea that if there are two opposing viewpoints on a subject, then there is a better position to be taken halfway in-between. "If only we could just talk to each other, everything would be so much better". But if it's a debate between palaeontologists and creationists, for example, there isn't a synthesis of the two positions that holds any water. One is simply right and the other one wrong. And even if you get consensus on the _facts_ of a particular issue, then the question of what steps should be taken to mitigate it will once again be divided by belief systems.
It was going so well until 4:13 😂… Omg America - how much longer until the damn thing is over!?!
Man this makes me sad, why do people so easily let their political beliefs override facts
this video is hilarious ; firstly the interviewer induced the person to compare between use and no use, but in reality (the study is fake anyways) it should be between getting better or worse ; and I stop watching because there are better science videos !
I have a huge problem with the way this experiment is conducted.  The issue on the gun control question is the people are asked "looking at these numbers, did gun control help" they are then assuming that there are a lot of variables that go into the numbers presented and are doubting that the numbers themselves are corrupted. Instead of being asked "with no other impact, do these numbers show that gun control help". That would allow them to use their numeracy "abilities" and be able to see if there is still a bias.  In the video you can already see everyone is asking about the number legitimacies. Then they can focus on "well the numbers below were less because of the control, regardless of it helped or hurt, the lower numbers are better" Which doesn't really relate to the question and what is being presented.
Tl;dr if a statistic threatens your political view, an intelligent person is more likely to misunderstand the statistic than someone who is encouraged by the statistic; compared to a “stupid” person who wouldnt be as easily effected by
A fairly clickbait-y title, but yes this is obvious. When someone's identity gets wrapped up in their "tribe", it's almost impossible to get them to think outside their tribe. You mix that with how social media and news networks only show you one side of the argument and you're forever stuck in your own bubble.
We Need a skin cream cream
This video had an specific undertone. Noted.
I got the answer right. That makes me “not smart”? ! 😭    What have I done.   ❤
Not new to me. I’ve seen it long that the right are ideology driven rather than science, but always annoyed to see the left claim they are data driven. To me both are often very wrong for quite different reasons,  though still political
well it does look like less crimes happened overall because 107+21 is way less then 223+75 and in both cases gun control is on the lower side. It kinda suggests overall crime count is lower in gun illegal cities.
oh yes, the midwit
First, make the data easier. Repeat the row labels on the left too, and the column headings at the bottom. Then ask participants what one of the numbers represents…i.e. that 75 means number of cases where rash worsened and the cream was used. NOW it’s ok to ask for conclusions from the data. Meeting new people and being on camera is very distracting. Also, WTF aren’t there any cases where there was no change? That is distracting too, because many people will at least be subconsciously puzzled by that.
Damn, it kind of makes sense if you have family members who are intelligent but have different political views.
More people took the cream.. lol Or.. Is there a 3rd category where there was no change? It's good that they let the subjects know it wasn't real. Can you imagine if it changed how they voted? 😂 😂
I don’t want to live on this planet anymore.
My Arizona radar has been going off this whole time to the point I started looking at blurred lisence plates. That was at the U of A though, the signs in the background confirm it.
bad guys will always get arms, good guys will be banned, so ...
based video
Curious who everyone here is voting for 💙🇺🇸
“Smart” is always clickbait
4:46 is that the clash of clans sound effect
This study has the wrong idea about numeracy and rationality. The more numerate people are subconsciously applying Bayes' rule with different priors, as you should. Simple ratios are more likely to mislead than inform.  What's needed is for people to learn to interrogate priors better.
Video dropped 37 minutes ago... "Such a random number!..."
I feel like if you did this in any country other than America you get vastly different results
Smart Americans. Imagine that lol 😂
The trully politically aware, can smell a straw man a mile away. Everyone KNOWS that cities with gun control laws (illegal laws) have the highest crime rate.
So good! Wow!
Only guys following NNN like this comment 😂😂
so im dumb cause i got them right?
@4:58 That is not why republicans don't like gun control lol  They don't like it because criminals, by their very nature, don't follow rules. Therefore such a policy would restrict the constitutional rights of a person to bare arms with little to no benefit, since criminals will still find a way to access guns. Having to go though a shady broker isn't gonna stop someone from committing a mass you know what. Sure, a gun wielding and moral person might be able to defend others if such an event happens, but that's just a added benefit. To pose that that's the crux of the belief really undermines it, and makes it sound childish  With that being said, the point of the video is still good 👌
This is the kind of thing more americans need to see. Its not just your political opponents who have irrational reaponses to data. Its you and your friends, your enemies, your parents, your kids, your professor, your fellow alumni.  If a topic is emotionally charged and tied with identity, logic rarely applies. This goes for you and the people you disagree with. Your party is not the one immune to this.
Numbers on the thumbnail were familiar for some reason. Remembered I saw this in Steven Pinker's book
I usually don't comment, but the thing you said about avoiding polarizing concepts like climate change and do something about existing issues will prevent people doing so from seeing "the big picture". This is basically why we're currently dealing with consequences and failing to stop and/or see the systemic issue.  My 2 cents.
Are they "better at math"?  Or do colleges have a really low standard nowadays?
Small problem - the solution where we should use non buzz words to form the conversation is that those will soon enough become the new politically charged buzz words.
apply the findings to reasoning into the academic realm. A picture can be easily painted on how our focus can be shifted from under our feet if we tunnel. Like focusing on an object through a spyglass. Everything around you can change and you wouldn't notice. The cunning fox is good at this part. If, you focus too long in the spyglass and block your periphery. Ive been thinking about this one for a while. Being "smart" is relative to how you focus your attention on a matter that 'external sources' have given a reasoning for. Making reasoning like a moth light and the moths are the minds seeking reason. Usually to prevent mistakes out of fear of executing plans "incorrectly".
Ones there were two farmers. One farmer helped his neighbour and his neighbour helped him. The second farmer killed his neighbor and took all his possessions and now no longer had competition at the market. There are two ways to success, good and evil. One is hard and slow and the other one is fast and easy. We have a genetic disposition to adapt strategy 1 or strategy 2.
3:04 that "the numbers don't mean anything" to her was made clear immediately by the nationalist visor and the Trumpian vibes...
Is his hair blue in the thumbnail?
"Both sides bad"  Are we forgetting what the two sides are? One is satus quo and the other is project 2025. Yes both are "bad" but one is objectively worse.
Me looking at the rash numbers and wondering 1 Why didn't they use the same number of participants for each group? 2 Is there a missing group of "No change"?
Paused it right as he introduced the problem question. A couple things are missing for you to make an accurate assessment, this reminds me of a problem about doctors and treatment outcomes. I first had to ask are there other confounding factors and are both groups expected to have the same number, duration and severity of rashes. If they are then the prevalence of not only more worse rashes but a significant increase in improved would indicate that the cream could be causing additional rashes to occur.   After explanation. I see what he is getting at in terms of proportional reasoning but I would also like to know why the treatment group had so many more rashes to begin with.
I have tried to tell myself this thing and even with so many observations in my own history of being wrong only to realise that I could have found out sooner if I had right amount of skepticism, It just deeply rooted, I wonder if it's because a stable, more happy mind needs delusion and ignorance.
I feel like self-reported numeracy is not actually a measure of how smart a person is, like isn't there the whole Dunning-Kruger effect? Maybe I'm demonstrating the effect right now, but I feel like people are not good at estimating their own intelligence. It is interesting that there was very little reasoning going on when showing people the gun control study. Those prior opinions are so strong.
I don't like how the questions are asked. Honestly I am very skeptical when it comes to questioners. I thing it is very easy to get them wrong. Maybe you could make a video on how good of a tool questioners are?
I may be dumb, but at least I’m consistent.
Gonna trigger a lot of people here, but this is one of the prime reasons we have a hard time converting "intelligent" people to a plant based diet.
shared
WTF is this idiotic comma?
This was superb
This study makes no sense, there was higher number of people using the experimental cream versus people without the cream And we have no idea if the cream didn't worsen the rashes because they had allergies or some other reason, this is too vague Not enough information is given to the participants
You can’t give people facts without telling how to feel about them.
There are 10 types of people, the ones that understand and the group that doesn’t. 🤔
Two videos in a week 😊
Very clever, putting his hand over the 4th bit of data in the thumbnail...
The problem I see is that Liberals want to change society for a better world which, in effect, betters the people. Conservatives try to improve themselves and out of this comes a better world. So one group is activistic and the other more passive. This different approach makes is very difficult to come to a consensus. I think it would help greatly if the media would work actively to reach both divides and not constantly stoking the fires for sensationalism (or ideology).
perfectly timed video
You’ve missed the forest while starring at a tree. Without a basic political philosophy no politics are useful or rational.
This reminds me a lot of Realpolitik. Make decisions based on all the data, not on ideology and feelings. The downside is, that you will inevitably leave a small subset of people behind, but as a whole society should grow.
I dont even get this video. What does it have to do with the creams and guns idek
**TOMORROW IS TUESDAY, WHAT WILL THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW BRING?** A. A better tomorrow? B. No change, just more of the same? C. Civil unrest? **D. It doesn't matter, America is doomed no matter who claims to win!** Meanwhile.. as Rome begins to burn, we are pitted against each other by the powers that be! >FF>> TO THE NOT SO DISTANT FUTURE>> There will be a day when students of history look back and say.. **WTF WERE THEY THINKING** & **HOW COULD THEY NOT SEE IT COMING AND TAKE MEASURES TO PREVENT IT FROM HAPPENING?** America has fell asleep at the wheel, we have left the divided highway **airborne** some have sensed it and started looking out the window, as they notice we've been highjacked!  We've come too far off the tracks to right it now! There's no turning back now, **WE ARE DOOMED!**
For those who say "...don't think the numbers mean anything to me" like at 3:02, I never want to hear you complain why you're poor ever again. Everyone around me every day is crying about being broke all the time; maybe start crunching some numbers and you'll see which parts of your hedonistic lifestyle is unsustainable.
I guess my terrible test scores mean I’m secretly a genius… just waiting for the world to catch on! 😂 Anyone else finally feel seen?
1:46 Actually we can't know if the cream made the rashes worse or just hindered natural healing.
Props on doing this the day of the election so whichever side doesnt win doesnt scream at you for influencing things
I arrived at the same proportional answer but rather than comparing the results that got better compared to those that got worse within each condition, I looked at those who got worse across conditions, and I could see immediately that compared to the control, the experimental group worsened at a threefold rate relative to a twofold improvement. So if somebody used the cream they're significantly more likely to worsen than if they didn't use it at all.
The twist revealing the question was how politics affected our reasoning was definitely something
Believe is dangerous sometimes prevent us from noticing the correct answer
I've been working for the federal government of the United States for 25 years. The statistical reporting is bogus - the FBI reports change what they count and how they count it based on what they want people to conclude. Gun-related statistics, for example - when gangsters shoot other gangsters, they count those deaths among the mass shooting and gun crime statistics, but most of those shootings go unsolved or unreported beyond the dead bodies, so they don't count the crime itself, or they fudge the numbers - if 15 people are gunned down while a democrat is in office, that's just one instance, though it still counts as a mass shooting, but if a republican is in office, that's 15 shootings and 15 instances crime. They just make this stuff up as they go along - whatever the government is telling you is a lie - start from there. Why are they lying to you and what is it they want you to believe? Figure that out and you may be able to save yourself and those you care about.
in the cream one i went with 75 is about 3 times as much compare to no cream and 223 is only about 2 times as much so technically 3 times more got worse but only 2 times as much got better
The timing on this video is suspect.
i like how he explained what democrats believed about gun control and then what republicans believed. But had to go a step further and explain why they believe that because its so dumb
Instead of saying “smart people do it worse”, the real picture is “people have difficulties separating their political ideology from facts and reasoning”.
The issue I see with this analysis is that when people are introduced to something that they themselves have no information about, like a new skin cream, they will generally follow this new data. There is no other data to compare to other than what has been presented since it is a "new" skin cream. There is no history they can pull upon, so they will start their opinion about the new topic from this data point. Here, numerical literacy will set the new opinion based on the new data more accurately to the new presented data. What else is there to make a judgement upon?  However, in other matters such as climate change or gun control, they may have quite amount of considerable alternative data that they may use to support or refute the "new" presented data. One single data point, such as a new study on gun control, is insufficient to demonstrate a refutation of a current position that has been set in the mind from past data or opinion (though may be easily added to someones support of a position due to the alignment of past data and opinion). People tend to need more data to refute something then needed to support a currently held position.  I do not believe this study demonstrates "smarter people do worse", I believe it shows "smarter" people have more historical data points to which they may refer to when evaluating new data on a subject. If the investigator made up a new issue within the realm of political opinion that had no previous history, I don't believe the outcome would be any different the skin cream (though finding such a topic would be near-impossible, since politics always appears within a scope and set of matters people have already concerns and opinions). But, say a study against/supporting banning a particular snake, which would save/not save countless lives, I doubt you would see any difference of results as with the skin cream. Banning something is a political act and it is very likely no one has data about this snake before the question was asked.   This study actually only shows that it takes more than one data point in contradiction before people change a previously established position that was built upon considerable more other data points. And, really, is there a surprise then? To find that it takes as much or more data to change someone's mind is not "delusional" at all. It is the very opposite. If one data point in contradiction changed our minds, our lives would be chaos.   I think the conclusion about people and their rationality is not supported by your argument. If the argument is that we all need more data and information and keep an open mind, then - obviously - that is true. Opinions and beliefs should be malleable. Principles should be concrete. That said, how many people actually know the difference?
So guns inprove rashes?  Got it.
This is by far the most important video to watch and understand to keep your sanity when at a dinner table with opposite political views. Thank you for your priceless work, team!
I’m going to get this question so wrong then.
Confirmation bias, the video
I've paused the video at 1 min, and my initial thoughts are: Are the two groups the same size? Why are there no figures for "no change"? And my guess at the answer is: Assuming the groups were the same size, it made some people better, and it made some people worse. More studies need to be done to find out why some people improve and others get worse, so that the remedy can only be given to the people on whom it will work.
I would think people disregard the mathematics by reasoning a hidden variable explains why the data appears unfavourable to their position.  We rationally come to a conclusion and expect the data to support that conclusion or have an invisible flaw that we can find later.  Although, the data of the apolitical polling may show that not to be the case.  There’s probably a hidden variable that I’m not considering.
How about having more than two political parties? Would that reduce the tribalism and make it easier for people to solve these types of problems?
4:50 I was fine till it got into politics.  Here is what you need to know about politics.    Poli = multiple   Tics = parasites   It's that simple. Why do we need to get into the math weeds?
12:50 with all due respect, you missed a huge point in your example. The FBI updated their stats after the debate and crime is indeed up. So we are comparing apples to apples.
Amazing clickbait title.
Study concludes most people are biased and stupid
Finally a video so I can feel better about myself 🥰🥰🥰
You're not gonna convince me that smart people got that first question wrong.
Eargasmic black magic bugs crawling through your ears sand draining out of your ears telekinesis teleportation and time travel aren’t nuclear energy
People clicked into this video hoping that they belong to the smarter people
I honestly don't think I have a single political opinion that is based on hard evidence. It is all based on rationale. If you showed me a study that suggested people that take heroin live longer and happier, I would not reconsider my stance on heroin; unless there was a rational explaining why that is. No one should blindly trust scientific studies.
This feels like such a trap because of fake data.  Imagine if this is race based and then they lied to someone to say that race A committed more crime on average.   I wouldn’t believe some dude on the street either.
I wish we could get back to just arguing about policies and data instead of being forced to reckon with the the fact that someone who can only be racist, bigoted, and sexist could be president.
its because smart people dont realize how much emotion affects their thinking. They just think "I'm smart"
Brilliant
Well I guess I'm dumb then
32 mintes ago
I think a big part of why people don't change their views when presented with evidence is that evidence needs a level of trust, most things we disagree about aren't things we can easily see ourselves, we have to trust whoever is collecting the data.  And we easily distrust anyone that says something that goes against our beliefs.
It all depends on whether you care about the problem or not, if you care, you probably are going to reason about the numbers. In general, in politics nobody cares about solving a problem, they care about being better than someone else, i.e. I want the republican party to win. Politics is a whole new subject, people behave irrationally...
@11:18 the problem is that is purely reactive policy/action, which is the most expensive kind of action. To be proactive on something, you have to have agreement on causes and work to fix those. We've forgotten the old sayings of "a stitch in time saves nine" and "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure". We see the same thing these days with the Y2K issues we had. Since a bunch of companies spend massive amounts of time and money *proactively* fixing things so that "nothing happened", today we have a bunch of people thinking Y2K was all just a big hoax. And that kind of thinking has continued to everything else. We won't be proactive on anything, we'll just have to reactively deal with the symptoms rather than proactively try to address the causes.
huh, this was interesting
Peoples emotions are stronger then reason. For the most part anyway. Even the smartest people let their emotions take hold, you need to really try and step back and look at something without you're emotions and political beliefs. It's not easy.
Using statistics for this is nonsense anyways. For some people it works for others it doesn’t. It’s a case by case basis.
Basicaly says people are hypocrite when it comes to politics
Ah yes. The "both sides are the same" line of reasoning.
To be fair, the top of the smarter people still did get it more right, there was just a dip in the medium-high area. So if I am narcistic enough to put myself in the top 20% then I am just fine :D
Humans are so malleable woah
Man it's almost like the powers that be want us tucked away in these tribes so we don't notice the strings. Moderates laugh at both sides for ignoring facts and we get attacked from both sides equally for not towing the line.
the political question is also just harder to understand. The arrow next to “increased” makes it seem like crime is increasing but what it’s trying to convey is that crime decreased 5:54 . I’m willing to bet if it was made easier to read a lot more people with high numeracy would get it right.
The handcream question was easy, would have been interesting to pose the gun control question first and then reveal the cream one 🤔
This video did not conclude that F=ma though
MAGA MAGA MAGA
wiley overstreet is the craziest name ever
5:00 the fact that you felt the need to explain the reasoning behind only the conservative gun control position reveals how that position is intrinsically unreasonable
I will get 100% in this test fr😅
Definitely great to tackle the smaller local pieces that we can get our hands around. For bigger issues, I'm not even sure the data should matter as much as the core values. For example, if we must have guns, then so be it, regardless of crime. Or if we must have equal outcomes, then just socialize medicine and forget whether the quality is good or bad. I think people are deceitful when they claim the data proves that their side is best. Your deeper core values are what matters and you are just bringing the data along for the ride.
This is the worst video.
Another type of question where people will answer by gut instead of rational thinking would've been "Do god exist ?"
You never specified how many participants were in each group (cream / no cream). If they have the same number of participants (let's say 500 each) out of which 223 / 107 had positive, effects 75 / 21 had negative effects and the rest had no effects at all, then the cream actually had a positive effect overall. However, if the numbers shown add up to the total number of participants (298 cream, 128 no cream) then the cream had a negative effect.
I figured that cream question out easily. I must be a noron! 😂
This explains why my college essays were so terrible
Bro if you look at the math I got it right, I didn't guess. How could a "smart" person do it and get it wrong? Seems like a skill issue
it seem a bit bogus to expect people to change opinion presented on such bad study display, i mean it look like a school test question, but for it to be a data value that would be considered in my opinion, i need to know, how the delta crime was mesured, reported or convicted?, crime, violent or none violent? i need to know the sampling of the city, and if other factor that could have more impact then gun control were isolated of not, etc.
It's true! Idgaf what you think or feel the people committing these crimes are criminals!! gun control would never work now there's way to many guns in the US for any kind of gun control to work. Plus criminals will still get guns.
the skin cream question is easy, it got worse as the rash worsened increased compared to the other number, rash improved roughly 2x and the rash worsened roughly 3x which means it got worse with cream
Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman
On the first question I got it right using the wrong method and I think I’ve just proved this video true
Maybe that's why we hear the old canard about "falling test scores" in America - our year-round political cycle makes us all dumber.
What you missed about the crime statistics in your ad read at the end is that the FBI later revised their numbers and also revealed that crime has increased under Biden and Kamala.
The only thing this video proves to me, is that most Americans (and westerners for that matter) are idealogues, who'll change the facts to suit their views.
very cool video i really liked it but since im not a native english speaker i need to watch it about 3 more times for better understanding
Hey Derek (that's your name, right) I want to say I appreciate how well you make every video you post, as a photographer - from the things you record with a camera, the videos I assume you got from stock or something, to the ones where you stand and speak and then all the diagrams you always show, and great audio quality, and the intros and outros and music and sound effects. Even your older videos were all very professional as far as I remember. Great job, man!
Hey Trump = Hitler so vote Kamala. Hey, I am smart open minded and rational, just dont talk to me republicans eek.
Bring back the fairness doctrine
There is a Chinese saying "the smart got misdirected by their own intelligence".
Is it also why the world is getting increasingly polarized? Because our species is getting smarter and smarter.  And it makes complete sense as well. The smarter you are, the more conviction you have in your beliefs. The more rigid we will be to accept thoughts that oppose our belief.  I am a victim to this as well. Thanks for raising this awareness. As always, a brilliant one from Veritasium!
Going against the group is equal to walking off a cliff because these people make it so.   The more politically invested someone is. There is a high chance they are vile against the out group which entrenches them if they were to even be proven wrong. They invested way too much into partisanship. They might have done immoral acts against other people which they moralized because they are correct. They can't accept they are wrong. The might be too far gone.
Problem with representative democracy is that strangers, who do not know you, cannot represent you. The premise is simply false.  Voting is entering a contract, asking to be ruled by a handful of strangers. Extending them Power Of Attorney, four years into the future ... If you sign that, whatever happens, you have no right to complain, because you accepted the deal.  Here is what we should do instead : *Government by lottery*  1000 citizens randomly selected. 200 replacements selected every year, giving five years in government for each. Then perhaps a quarterly online voting session for the rest of us; Yes/No to the bill with slimmest decisive vote, in the 1000-man parlament during that quarter.  This setup would be next to immune to many of the problems plaguing our system today ... For example:  1) Four most controversial bills can only be passed/rejected via popular vote.  2) Candidates won't need a party-organisation, media-attention or donors to get elected. So, party leadership, media and money become powerless.  3) Predicting who is likely to get into government is impossible, so special interests have no way of preparing candidates, and no incentives to keep them close post term.  4) All 1000 have incentive to make society better, as they soon return to where they came from.  However ... the most impactful difference would probably be the fraction of psychopaths in government, automatically going down to population average (~2%).
I think the bigger issue is that people seek out data that confirms their beliefs. So people that spend a lot of time looking into studies that confirm their beliefs have more conviction about them.
This is how I know I actually reasoned my way into my beliefs:  1- I used to believe very different things in my youth. I’ve travelled quite a bit over the political compass.  2- My views are so unpopular that almost no one I know can pass the “political Turing test” (i.e. no one can give reasonable arguments explaining my perspective).  3- I can construct my arguments from first principles.  4- I’m fine with my views having some rough edges and minor contradictions. I think being 100% consistent is a nice aspiration but unachievable in practice.  EDIT: forgot this one  5- I don’t think I have solutions to almost anything.
Awesome video. Thank you 🙏 n
This is why I don't like politics and try to stay away from it. Politics just ruin things most of the time.
hmm but do we also avoid terms like "war crimes", "genocide", and "ethnic cleansing"?
What if Rule - If you dont buy the Rash Cream and Companies wont allow you inside or Get you Fired. What will people choose.
The rationale of wanting to stick with your people doesn't apply to autistic people like myself, and is a huge factor in why I have very few friends.
I think the conclusion is wrong. If you present results of a study to "smart" people like this its just another data point for them. Of course they wont accept it at face value and change their believes.  In contrast on a topic like skin cream, with no prior knowledge, they interpret the data as it is.
The correct title would be "politics make you bad at math"
The skin cream question has no predefined bias based on the vagueness of the question relating to people in their daily views. So the answer to the question becomes skewed when predetermined views influence the participant to bend the results to their world view. Remember 82% of all statistics are made up!
I know about George;  "The Opposite".   So I was right in choosing the opposite of what I was thinking.
I’ll just go ahead and say it. When Trump won in 2016, I didn’t care for him. I wasn’t political. But when I saw the results of his governance and how the media manipulated the things he said, I started to pay attention. Ultimately, I changed my mind. I tried to explain to people what my motivations were based on the data. It didn’t work. It was so frustrating. I was trained in biology and when the data tells me something, I trust it. I don’t trust media narratives. But many of my friends started to just not like me anymore. They thought I was the one lying.   I was living in LA at the time and most of my family lives in very liberal places. Let’s just say, I’m no longer part of the tribe. I wont get into the topics, but there’s a lot of research that challenges the widely accepted liberal dogmas. I don’t want to come across as just being a blind Trump supporter. Trust me, I get some of the criticism. But many of his supporters have valid concerns and just calling them racist isn’t fair.   I believe in climate change, but I also believe we have deep cultural and economic issues that are demoralizing our society. And there’s lots of data that proves both. The media isn’t in the business of truly educating. I’m grateful Veritasium is.
Amazing video. Especially 11:06. Instead of fighting over what's wrong right and doing nothing first solve what's clearly wrong. If politics can be like this. Our world will definitely become a better place. Instead of hating on the other just focus on what's the best. Improvement of our humankind.
me answers intuitively: "goddamn it"
Any studies suggesting that our Sun is getting warmer rather than the Earth getting warmer because of Man? The smarter you are...
Was waiting for the new one, and Derek dropped this
shouldn't we normalise the data, like, add total participants in each group then find LCM, divide each with the LCM, get the diff of good and bad results...
I suspect it's that "smart" people think they know better, that accounts for the refusal to recognise the data in front of them on political topics. They are being politically correct.
Academics as a whole cannot accept the message of this video because it would mean that they are the least qualified to weigh in on political issues. Given that the purpose of much of modern academia is activism, it would completely undermine their mission to suggest that they are simultaneously the most effective at manipulating data and the least reliable interpreters of data. They will use their influence to fight tooth and nail to tear down anyone who has an “anti-expert attitude,” no matter how wrong the experts get.
You say it's the intuitive answer with the cream but I don't see that as being intuitive I'm not trying to brag that I think differently it's more of a sad realization that my brain doesn't work like everyone else's  In a way though it's kind of good because I'm politically homeless it's lost me a lot of friends on many sides but I guess being autistic is a superpower because it made me inflexible in picking aside and the demanding that I have a high standard before making any decisions so I very much try to look at as much information as I can and as many different viewpoints as I can to try to find the truth... it blows my mind that it isn't normal for people to actually go through information before claiming to know stuff I mean I don't expect people to remember things on the spot but to at least do the research and remember what you thought about it then at least the conclusion of it you can have your point and still listen to any new information that might exist which would challenge it which would mean you'd have to go and look into it again Anyway I'll be done with my rant for now😂
"Dad, i failed the test because i was too intelijent for it!"
I really like this video, but I feel there is one bit of nuance not discussed; How often do each party present real facts? Could Democrat propensity to present true facts lead the people that ascribe to the political ideology to trust in their policies more? I really feel like this whole idea is only scratching the surface on both sides and I'd love to see some effort put into digging a little deeper.
I hope politics in my country represent an ideology like in America rather than just a tool to achieve place among government or high class or so on. Each politics group has no difference politics ideology, i wonder why my country use democracy.
Its my birthday tomorrow and also my maths olympiad can I please get some likes I never got past 100
>need a representative sample of idiots >"i asked my american friend to go out in the street" erhmmm...
So the more dum you are the more??
Me explaining to the teacher why i failed the test
people with preconceived ideas often have considered the nuances of a subject and therefore know that there are underlying causalities and that for certain points of contention, correlation does not equal causation and this would influence their answers as things are rarely as black and white as the what the example used proposes.
During COVID, it really became obvious on social media who understood statistics... and who didn't.
This pretty much sums up the "research" that a lot of liberal arts students so (especially in India)....they get a whole dataset, they can see what is the correct conclusion but then their ideology gets the better of them, so they only pick those parameters which suits their bias and publishes them (sometimes even using per capita metric where not necessary). And this is why we end up with major issues in governance due to bad data
It is my opinion that most people share 80% of the same concerns, it's the small minority that make the 20% of concerns the polarizing aspect that keep us from coming together on the 80% we have in common.
A test without the same number of people in both groups is just dumb so if you'd show me that I'd assume they are equal since you're not giving me all the possible information anyway and that the missing participants experience no change so I would assume that the cream has the potential to help more people provided they aren't allergic to it which seems to be the case for quite a few of them. PS: As for this problem, what people fairly assume as this study proves, is that the researcher who is hopefully high in numeracy is still biased and that the numbers are thus inconclusive. While people will maintain the status quo I think they are more willing to change when that evidence is actually clear and obvious. As for left vs right in the US, they might all be people but there are fundamental incompatible ideas that people won't just get over anytime soon and while it's fair to argue that they're being manipulated that often won't bridge the gap even if they're aware of the manipulation.
It seems like some people are confused... the title of the video doesn't refer to the skin lotion question
brother from different mother, why did you put the normal problem first and the that ppl who are "smarter" get wrong as second, i wanted to get it wrong so i can feel good about myself :(
lmao the scientist sounds exactly like Trump 😹
Me: "I'm surprised Derek isn't making a political science video so close to elec.....ooooooh I see what you did there."
My reasoning for the first thing is:  75/223 = about 0.37 21/107 = about 0.2 The skin cream is bad since a lower fraction of patients in the control group had the rash get worse compared to the number of patients where it improved.  Let's see what the video tells me about my stupidity!
using one flawed study (no isolation of factors) to justify another flawed test case (no isolation of factors).... In reality; A not smart thing would be trying to answer the questions without studying the full set of parameters.
this video turned out to be a cruve ball. wasn't expecting politics to be a feature on this channel, but given the timing, for US viewers I guess it's a thing. I'm just glad I'm not an american, in such a heavy and divisive time. I hope voters over there make the right decision, but for some reason, I can see things going south... again.
I don't think it's reasonable to say that the gun control question is exactly the same as the rash question:   When a fictional study is talking about a rash, "better" or "worse" can just be summed up with "did the rash cover more area or less?".  But when a fictional study is talking about crime "getting worse" or "getting better", the concepts get very murky.  If there's one fewer murder, but ten more instances of petty shoplifting, does that mean it "got worse" because the total count of crimes increased?    We can tell people to just look at the numbers, but we can't realistically expect people to completely shut off their ability to reason in order to answer a hypothetical.
9:27 this is soooo interesting to hear! It makes perfect sense why people don't live a vegan life though there is no reason for abusing animals.
Am i missing something here, bc it seems like the people with higher numeracy score weren't "worse" at this, they were "not better". There's a huge difference in those statements
This man has bills to pay
smart people arent really doing worse though, this is kinda lying with statistics
11:05 this is exactly why those terms are overused. They are pushed to make people have feelings about it. That's not a coincidence
'avoid buzzwords like... climate change' man! no! this is MADE  a controversial topic by financial interests and to avoid talking about it is to concede aka do exactly what those interests want. so... hell no! this recommendation is so both-siding the issue that one side looses! the worst of liberals!
While fascinating, this study is inherently ridiculous. To summarize the conclusion, it's "People tend to rely on readily-available data for their answers, procured instinctually(even if through bias) - when and if they SUBJECTIVELY feel they're unable to use logical or mathematical reasoning in given amount of time so as not to show themselves stupid due to anxiety of being interviewed". This BEHAVIOURAL study is breaking the observational nature - the basis of studies - by introducing a psychological pressure factor unintended by the researcher. Unless, of course, all the footage shown in the video had nothing to do with the 1111 data pool and is only there for video examples...
👐🏾🌐👐🏾  Dissonance numeracy and brocas brain Neural latency 👐🏾🌐👐🏾
The way we handled this until recently was to allow all virtually all opinions to coexist without threatening anyone’s ability to speak, hear, have a job, or get an education.
At 6:08, it would be interesting to tackle the confusion in the presentation of the problem. You first presented an "increase" in the number of crime which makes sense . Then, when you show the problem you wrote " improve" and " worsen" which doesn't make a lot of sense. What does improving and worsening crime means ? Does it mean that improving the crime situation is reducing the number of crime, or it is improving the quantity ? Very confusing to me but I may be the only one idk
Well the results are in. I'd dumb.
ahh, the famous problem of getting a girlfriend! i have heard of this
dang it im stoopid🤣🤣
i got them all right, i am a smart guy - CFA
I wish you would have started with the political version instead of the apolitical one. I was too suspicious going into the political version to properly assess myself.
wait so was the rash worse? the ratio is obviously worse and that was my first instinct
Congratulations sir, you got that answer right - Really? Erm 🤓, but this study shows stupid people get these answers right. - What the Fu-
This have to be put in perspective.   In the cream example, the participant have no prior knowledge about the given cream (no name is given or type of product, nor the type of rash described) and hence you can only use your math skill to respond.  However, in the political question, you have prior knowledge which will bias your answer. If you have seen 10 other studies on gun law and crime then this just become one more study on the pile then obviously your answer will reflect what you expect to see or you will dismiss that later study (as they can be wrong is so many way).   The big difference however at that point is that usually liberal view more often align with actual science and reality (ex.: climate change and gun control) while conservative more often align themselves with nonsense (ex.: weather control laser and gun proliferation).
New Veritasium? The day just got great!
9:28 random Maratha reservation still haha
This whole video is based on people misinterpreting a poorly designed graph…
I can't be a truly unbiased reviewer of myself so I'll leave me out of this:  A lot of the people I know from my college years and years working in a field of generally highly educated people consider themselves very open minded. And for years, I've seen them almost all reject any evidence that challenges their current political beliefs. They're open minded as long as politics is not involved. As soon as a political issue comes up or an issue is politicized, reasoning is traded for tribalism... and this is among people with backgrounds in science, engineering, and mathematics, who were in honors programs all through college, and have multiple degrees - generally Master's degrees or higher.  For those whose families I met, these highly educated people hold the same beliefs as their families, who often have much less formal education.  And furthermore, the only times I have seen people openly change political beliefs, it was always to conform to the opinion held by the large majority of the group of trusted friends. Essentially, they were choosing to change their association to be with a different tribe (and from working with young people in low SES areas prone to gang violence in the past, I suspect this is the same mechanism that encourages gang membership).
A big issue with the proposed solution at the end is that non-partisan facts will eventually be made partisan if it serves someone's interests, the goalpost will always move. The example on Floridian policy on climate change moving forward if arguments of where it stems from are ignored is a great sign progress can be made... but why is the indisputable scientific fact that we have a hundred ways to verify, that climate change is man made, a partisan issue in the first place? How far can that policy change go if it doesn't tackle man-made sources of pollution?  People will always twist facts to support their theories instead of using facts to form theories, but at some level the solution can't be to copitulate to biases wherever they pop up because intellectual dishonesty eases tribalism. People might be better served to be taught to recognize bias when reasoning and not accept numbers at face value (at some level everyone in the video _believed_ your gun control numbers regardless of politics because you presented it to them and for no other reason, the mental gymnastics were only the second flaw in their reasoning.)
people in the comments getting baited lol, the video is not even remotely about the questions man
It's called cognitive dissonance and its' effects are STRONG. Lovely study.
probably the only thing I've learned over the years is if someone is asking you any question they probably have an agenda and be skeptical of all of them. The first thing I saw was the totals being unequal and I immediately stopped caring wether they were right or wrong I do my best to not engage with obviously cherry picked or otherwise weird "data".
This needs to be reduced to a phrasing that's so obvious and so simplistic it can be repeated, and repeated, and repeated until it deeply gives people a feeling of being foolish for ignoring it.
It would be fascinating to see if someone who is politically homeless evaluates data more accurately because they don't have the social pressure to conform to a tribe.
Thanks Derek -- well done here! I'd like to see maybe a "Short" follow-up to clarify some of the conclusions from the Ted Talk because they were hard to follow in context.  But I really appreciate the deep dive into how our context influences our application of knowledge and understanding.
1:49 but my immediate thought when the question was presented was that there's no data for the people that observed no change, or the total number of participants in each group. The answer assumes that everyone either got better or worse. (But of course the trick in the question was obvious cuz us watching the video already knew that there was a trick)
Hm, I got the first right question right... But I think by an entirely different reasoning. °~°
I wonder if this would result in the same outcome if it was done with lonely and secluded people. A part that kinda stuck with me was, people are afraid of change and thus be isolated by their groups, but what about people who do not have a group?
Veritasium out here proving Republicans are idiots
I must be highly irrational, I do not fit into or identify with any tribe, instead I use humor and charisma and my understanding of body language and experience with human behavior to infiltrate all tribes.
I've always been fascinated by oppositional bias. I simply don't understand how people become tribal over certain terms and affiliations. Just observing raw data, biases don't really make sense to have.   e.g. A football team wins by 3pts and people say "The XYZ team kicked their A**es" ... clearly they didn't.
So political peer pressure?
People just want to feel like they're right. If data supports them, great. If it doesn't, data is just wrong.
Hence why I don't want to associate with anyone. Ethics be damned to fit in? Well I care about solving problems. Unfortunately, the world doesn't really care about that. And the people in power know it and exploit it. So enjoy fitting in all. It's more important than ethics, right? There are all sorts of biases, not just political ones. Religious / science bias, Male / Female bias, and many others. If we lop everything into Left and Right, then we aren't being accurate in our bias checks. But why would people consider any other bias other than left and right? And nothing will change. People will always be told what to decide. And people don't want to think.
In summary, people are too stupid to cast aside previous political biases and ignore objective facts to continue to adhere to their pre conceived notions.  sounds about right… exactly what the political landscape currently looks like
oh no! you're missing an opening bracket "percentile)"
imho, they are still just stupid but in a different way.
I think the more you use statistics the less you trust them, while they can be a useful tool they need to be used with discernment, otherwise you ban dihydrogen monoxide because it correlates with acne.
Confirmation bias...
But... isn't this just verification bias? Sounds to me like it and I can not make out a difference. Edit after watching until end: So you don't say it, but the implication of forming our believes emotional and finding patterns in data that suite our believes is verification bias.
This is a confirmation that humans are not objective but rather the environment modulates their thought processes.
Nice ad for GroundNews. also interesting timing before the election :D
Your point at the end about focusing on local issues and framing things in less polarizing ways seems effective in certain ways, but ultimately I don’t think we can avoid the big picture, polarizing issues. Climate change, for example, is an issue that has to be tackled with national policies. And many policies to address climate change, like a carbon tax, require policies that are hard to justify without reference to the loaded question of whether climate change is real. It’s great that Florida is doing some climate adaptation, but would the same tactics convince Florida Republicans to pass a cap and trade bill? I’m doubtful.
Good job an making this video apolitical ! Especially while discussing these subjects when the USA presidential elections are tomorrow, before people go and vote. Maybe this will help some people get a clear mind, whatever their current opinion?
Derek and his team has just continued to keep this channel on top of its game and even better recently, great and interesting video after video, we are blessed
6:00 what is this comparison 😂
Come to Romania , a NATO state , where russian drones fall and there are still people thinking that the west is bad and do a study.
I forgot to factor in the possibility that the control group was smaller than the group that used the cream and I didn't assume the data was complete (thinking it excluded the cases where the rash didn't improve nor worsened). And thus I got the question wrong.
it seems to me that when the data seemed to confront their beliefs, people thought they were just gonna fall for a 'gotcha' situation and because of that, activated their emotional response immediatelly
This doesn't work. Numeracy, in the context of this experiment, only tests for ability to read what the data is saying. Not whether the data is accurate. Someone could easily understand what the data is saying and simultaneously give multiple reasons to challenge its accuracy. But also, one could understand what the data is saying and intentionally disinform others about that data by claiming that it is saying the exact opposite. In my opinion, Democrats are in the former group while Republicans are in the latter. We need science to address the question as to why this tends to be the case regardless of how controversial the conjecture appears. Hesitancy about data based on beliefs is a very human thing. But it is what we do after we are given supporting data that still proves us wrong is where the issue lies. The ability to change one's mind is easier on the left for whatever reason.
Nice release the day before the election. Too bad we’re doing everything in our power to ignore the lesson of the video.
That study shows that we are all screwed in the brain LOL ... we follow blindly the pack :(
Great timing to post this video!
Were you asking people in Tucson AZ? I think I recognize most of these backgrounds.
The woman at 3:02 is the reason, we still have not eradicated polio....
I believe what I believe regardless of the result, but because it is the best answer. I take the approach of John Adams who willingly defended the British soldiers accused of the Boston Massacre because as he said, everyone deserves defending. So yeah, show me whatever study you want, but if it means taking away someone's rights, I'm going to respond, "That's interesting, but irrelevant."
Where is Brilliant?
The day before the election, I am trying hard to escape from politics, and I end up here...
The skin cream study is something where it's very easy to look at as a double blind thing. You assume everything is fair. But when gun control is more complex, and you also have each side cherry picking data.   You might have a study compairing gun deaths with and without gun controll, and I think everyone can agree this would be disingenuous mainly because there, would be an increase in other deaths, like knife attacks etc. Even if I think gun controll would reduce deaths overall.  Asking a question where you are primed to be sceptical because both sides are showing what they want us to see, even if both sides might be using the same data.
Love your consistency!
Except we no longer trust any social ´science´ data or research.
You can't compare one side to the other when the right is actively denying reality and openly appealing to fascistic and dehumanizing beliefs. Look at their candidates. Look at their plans for government.
10:08 "so many similarities between sides that we think share nothing in common" - well, it's mostly just one, and that's the idiocy of most people. which tends to go up if you bunch a lot of people together.
I was so scared you would try to paint one side as bad/stupid. But you didnt. Respect greatly increased! Keep up the good work!
Remember 80% of statistics are made up!
Either way those groups not being the same number of participants is very distracting :D
This is a very simple but very impactful topic that is very relevant in today's reality everywhere.
10/10
I can't help but think that the main purpose of this study was to try to figure out how to better trick people into believing things that are not true.
the title of this video is such an interesting type of click bait
Dammit, there was a politics video in my science video. Duped yet again!
Not sure if I wanna do worse or better now 🤔
I wanted to suggest a follow-up question. Science depends on highly numerate people objectively dealing with the data. And in most situations we do. I think that there is increasing evidence that when our beliefs, or the pressure of our situation is sufficiently connected to our research, our objectivity falls sharply. There are of course those who commit academic fraud for research grants, or fear to publish research for fear of ridicule, or live under authoritarian regimes. But these are obvious and usually conscious decisions to be unobjective. I am much more concerned about the reflexive, subconscious ways we deal with data without even being aware of our biases.
I don't use skin cream and my country has gun control laws... And we have eight political parties to choose from...
Most of the these research done in america and the sample also only includes Americans😅.
oh there is politycal video in this math video :D
Ooooh.. I get why you asked your american friends
The cream-gun law numbers is in no way equal. The cream study implies that the people that used the cream followed the instructions. The gun laws study does not imply that the people in the city with the gun laws obeyed the laws or followed the instructions.  In fact it actually states as fact that the laws were not followed. The numbers used in no way shows the same possible outcome.
How does that video fit in with my existing ideology ? Should I believe it ?  Am I overthinking it ?
Dropping this _today_ is awesome.
Humans in modern society are male jewel beetles trying to get lucky with beer bottles. Our instincts are going haywire trying to function in this society we've built ourselves into. If we don't change the bottle, we're gonna keep trying to get freaky with it.
Always a lovely video ❤🎉 Thank you man!
I know you usually experiment with titles to try and have a correct amount of clickbait vs relevancy to the heart of the subject, but I feel like this is a miss. At this point, the title is "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse", but the video pertains to bias, politics polarizing public debate, tribalism. I feel deceived, unsatisfied and I don't like this.
1:17 That's the intuitive answer?  By whose intuition?  That answer (which is a wrong answer, or at best an answer based on faulty reasoning) doesn't seem at all intuitive to me.
Has anyone done a study on how removing the 👎 count on YouTube has affected engagement?  (not that I disliked this video, it was great!)
Finally, a test i felt good not answering the questions😅
Why do you still use words like "smart" and "less smart" (of which the opposite is actually "stupid", but nobody wants to use that, right)? People use this kind of reasoning who learned how to use this kind of reasoning. Just because somebody didn't get the chance or motivation/interest to learn the kind of mental methods and have the attention investment required to solve these kinds of tasks, it shouldn't be implied that they are less smart. It's just stupid to formulate it like this. You have to practice things like this, you don't pull it out of your ass. I could ask you to translate 5 sentences from French to Japanese, if you couldn't and I could would it mean that I am smarter? This smart/stupid division is just too one dimensional. Are youtubers too stupid to see this or it's just too good of a clickbait to have it the title, not to perpetuate the stereotype and pull educational videos down to the level of banners like "oNLy tHe SmARtesT pEoPle cAn sOLve tHiS: [insert basic math operation here]"...
you just changed my outlook on politics -- by showing me facts and data LMAOOOO
TL;DR; Social constructivism is why I stopped engaging in pointless street debates about politics and religion in my 20s.
The gun control argument is an odd one to use because it is not a statistics question, it is a moral one: "Do you have the right to use tools to defend yourself and your family if those tools can also be used for harm?"
I fear we are already over the ledge on this one. “Fake news” puts the blinders on and lets people feel safe and superior without considering new information that is not coming from their preferred source.
The study added to beliefs rather than reasoning as the data was fake - why not question some dodgy stats (they were made up) rather than calculate the 'odds' when you know the answer that guns, fracking, oil in general and racism are all bad despite what Trump thinks
Rash didnt change is missing here..
2:01 - 73% white. Very diverse.
Those graphs look an awful lot like a Dunning-Kruger curve:  Accepting a correlation of high numeracy with high educational achievement for the sake of argument, people with *particularly* high numeracy do reasonably well regardless of political bias, whilst those of *reasonably* high numeracy - who likely consider themselves to be smart - fair worse than either end of the spectrum.  It would surmise that *belief* is the problem, yet again - in this case the belief that you're smart and know the answer, rather than the acceptance of the universal truth that you're dumb, and need to always question.
Cognitive dissonance is a beautiful thing
I feel brain washed
4:07 OOOOHH so thats the point, did not see that coming xD In my mind I was yapping about 2 samples t-test and stuff. I thought you'd trick me by saying the numbers are not conclusive...
There are 3 times of peoples in this world.  Those who know Maths and those who don't
I failed them all, yay !
A stupid question in general as banning guns might not even be related to increase or decrease in crime. This is completely different in terms of cause and effect than the cream example. Banning guns doesn't prevent criminals from having guns, better enforcement of existing gun laws might be effective.
One of the best ways to check a fact is probably true is when the information affects negatively its biased sources.
This is such an important video!
Veripotasium
I think there are a lot more political view then the very narrow sliver between liberal and conservative in the us. I'd love to see more left leaning point of view being included.
banger thumbnail and title on this one ya got me
"You can't reason someone out of a position that they didn't reason themselves into."  ~  Asmongold
The Midwit meme is a law of nature
If the gun control case were presented to me as real world data as opposed to a hypothetical in which there were no other factors to consider I'd simply say I couldn't come to any conclusion. Just off the top of my head I'd need a half dozen pieces of information to even bother talking about it.
I not sure if gun control is the best example for this, skin cream studies are more reliable since there are fewer outside variables in play, and the causation is pretty clear. This is very much not the case when measuring crime rates and determining a cause.  It's then much more reasonable to question any data on the subject, which may contribute to why people are less likely to go with the answer the numbers give, or to even bother evaluating them.  This does still show that people are more likely to go with any numbers if they support their views though
Basically the opposite of an IQ test.
Bruh don't go to trump rallies. You won't find any intelligence there.
So, be autistic. Alright, NTs, let’s get it together. lol
3:02 Her numeracy skill = √-1
Belief makes you stupid.
its true its true im so smart now and i cant figure nothing out anymore and that must be why lol
Looks like you proved propaganda works ? Lol
Kahan (and the wider team), have written some really interesting papers
The numbers are not statistically significant
This is because most political arguments are presented incompletely. Aspects and conditions are left out to seek certain political goals, on both sides of any political argument. This is why NEVER TRUST POLITICIANS. All most politicians want is power and/or money. They are not interested in TRUTH.   Along these same lines, NEVER TRUST WHAT A POLITICIANS PROMISES. ALWAYS look for the ACTUAL result of their policies. Political positions are often a re-try of something previously, usually at a smaller scale or from a long time ago. Do the research, find the actual results, and vote based on that.   Unfortunately, most people just follow along with what they're told from whatever authority catches their attention in childhood. So, we end up with garbage like this.
Didn't half the people shown to be interviewed on whether they'd go with evidence over politics say they'd go with whatever was on paper? Around 9:01 to 9:26. One said it directly. The others said evidence was in front of them they're taking it.   The rest were ambiguous. So is the statement immediately following those clips, referring to all those sampled? Or people in general? because that otherwise had to be the worst clip to use with that part of the voiceover...
for the gun example I get that there is no need for a "no change" column, but I was thinking there should be a "no change" for the cream. and so there could be a huge amount of people who had no change in the no cream group but everyone got either better or worse in the cream sample. that would mean that the cream helped more people than it made worse but nobody were unchanged in their condition if they used the cream. for example. I was thinking it was some sort of trick question with the cream so I figured it helped more than would heal on their own.
I've always thought that the "bipartisan" way of exposing themes and harsh judgement of people with ideas different from yours is a terrible idea to convince them. Maybe creating groups that don't exclude you basing on your ideas, we can trigger less the instinct to agree with our social group. (But it will still exists maybe)
This video is about politics. The title is deceptive, a more accurate title would be: “This is how your political party changes how you interpret evidence”.
How did he pin the commet is 55 minutes ago but video is upload 10 minutes ago?
Love the video. I think for some reason ppl are becoming more and more polarised which imo is bad for society's functioning. This video teaches ppl awareness without putting the blame on any party. Imo with compassion can we convince each other.
Everyone wishes to get this one wrong.
so politics makes you stupid , got it
I hope this is the start of a turning point for how bipartisan politics is
6:25 "numeracy skills no longer affect accuracy" is a very bold claim given the obvious trend
This is not the same data, a city is not a person. In fact a city is made up of people, no 2 cities are made up of the same people or number of people  The people that are deluded here are the people that put this "study" or "video" together as if it is somehow giving insight into an issue when in fact it is adding fog
My answers: 1) A potato 2) Under the table 3) The door was locked from the inside
People like Derek and who associate themselves as similar to The Host, hopefully have already understood their biased opinions and have accepted that they are biased and will change when it's factually accurate to do so. This isn't a new found thought, this is an obviously long term goal for Derek to express his weaknesses as a strength to be understood.  i want to add, ontop of what the video eloquently explained, that being "intelligent" or "smart" isn't something you have, or something you get, it's something you reach for. i'm dumb and so is derek. the only things that seperate us are our interests and abilities within reality. other than that, we're the same. we eat, we sleep, we socialise, we are human. someone "dumb" isn't someone you should ignore.  You should never pay attention to the person speaking... always pay attention to the words. what someone says is more important than the person saying it. and you have to recognise when you're reacting out of emotion and not out of rationalisation. i got the question right. but i have no pressure to answer. no time frame and the video title prepared me for a question that could be tricky. but i noticed the percentage and realised what was happening.  the gun switch was a fantastic moment. i realised how this could cause real issues with mental acuity.
To me, i see this two question as 1st, life is not a risk and 2nd, life is at risk, thus seeing bigger numbers on how many lives than can be saved, has bigger impact than checking the proportion.
Really Hats off for the video.. Really liked that you talked about such vital topics and did a good research on it. Looking forward for next videos❤
On the rash question, we don't have the group sizes, nor how many people didn't see any change - the question would have left me scratching my head.
9:28 "we believe what we believe to fit in with our tribe" Yes, and the truth being absolute, can't be a belief, which does not create a tribe when we seek for it. True story
I hate the message of this video. Trying to claim that truth always lies "somewhere in the middle" is toxic and unscientific.  There are profound ideological differences between people in distinct political spaces. The fact that "we are all human" does not negate the fact that US Republicans absolve workers rights and bodily autonomy, hate minorities and bootlick the rich.
Always assuming that someone sharing numbers with you has ulterior motives. Always.
The first cream is actually the correct answer in cases such as end-stage cancer treatment where you will take a higher chance of the cream backfiring if it also increases the chance it works. With nothing to lose, you will choose the more effective cream regardless of chance of backfire.
information presented in this video disagrees with my pre-conceived belives so i'll invent some adhoc explanation and continue to hold them anyway
Wouldnt this be a case of confirmation bias? I think this video is very insightfull on that regard since sicientits ( staticians, biologists, physicists, etc) should always be aware of their own biases, even the more unconscious ones, great video! Greetings from Argentina
Lies, damn lies, and statistics....
Please please stop pronouncing data like “datta”, no self respecting data scientist or statistician will use “datta”.  It’s like nail on chalkboard for us
Cunning Druger effect
i think the test relults is limited to america only since people watching this video got the correct answer
This test wont apply to us Asians
great video!!
The reason people don't doubt the apolitical study is obviously due to the fact that the authors have no bias. Open r/psychology and it's basically r/politics with the most ridiculous unreliable studies imaginable to confirm every one of their biases. You see the same with every right-wing climatologist sponsored by BP. Garbage in garbage out.
Why are these studies only concentrated in America and then generalised for the whole world.
This is literally a description of the r/science subreddit lol
9:30 you say "we" but im not part of that we. I 100% rely on only factual information. Problem comes when you can justify things people don 't want to hear about
I have a proven track record in changing my views based on science. I used to be a brainwashed leftist. Many such cases.
I got it wrong by doing some wonky math: I did 223+21 in favor of cream vs 75+107 against the cream, using total amount of test subjects.  Considering the group using the cream has 299 people vs the control group having 128 that felt the best way to compare the results.
I think I have Veritasium fatigue, which is a shame. It's such a good format.
"8:45"  Continuing to believe what you do even in light of the current evidence or consensus, is often what gives way to progress though.  A lot of science and discoveries in the past have been because someone instinctually had reason to believe in something and were motivated to find the evidence for it.  Of course, that still requires doing science and not just continuing to believe in something with no evidence or plan to find any at all.
In South  Africa where there was gun control from 2010, gun crime has escalated. Criminals have obtained guns illegally and used it against the  helpless unarmed.
Well, no surprise there. When confronted with a question that triggers an emotional response, your brain is probably more worried about the projected consequences of the answer rather than the accuracy of the answer, and logical thinking is thrown under the bus to avoid a contraditction
What fool would fall for that? The "control" group is almost 3x the size of the experimental group! It's a flawed experiment.  I am not _massively_ intelligent, I am a retired molecular biologist who has always been crap at maths. But I AM scientifically literate and scientifically trained.  {:o:O:}
I guess I am dumb because i immediatly used proportuonal reasoning to deduce that the cream made it worst? lmao what is happening? Or am i smarter than most.
So few people here actually WATCHING the video. The answered the first question about cream correct and thought that was the point of the video. Its correct that they're unintelligent, but not because they answered the question right.
And that's why they don't tell the guy doing the statistics what the study is about.
Finally my dad is impressed when he sees me watching this before exam😅😅 BTW 17 MINS AFTER THIS VID UPLOADED
I guess I'm dumb enough to know I need a calculator to figure out the answer.
Rationality is not a character trait, it's a process. If you fool yourself into believing that you're rational by default, you open yourself up to the most irrational thinking.
Sure we believe what we believe bc we wanna fit in and that is logical, but many a times we just don't, is that because we want to feel special and be separated from the others? And if yes, By how much? Is that logical?
wont you make a video about the genocide in Gaza
Yes, i did the worst
People always say “things are so polarised we have to come together” but if one side is right about an issue and one side is wrong, coming together means forever doing things half wrong. Is that honestly a sensible way forward? Even the sea rise example has an obvious wrong side - the ones who don’t acknowledge why the sea is rising
These politically conceived notion abled them to not to analyze the data given..[ i am worried]
Yeah, a big indicated is who profited off of it. That's how ya know, and I hate to bring up ((())).
A single study shouldn’t completely change your long held beliefs. A single piece of contrary evidence doesn’t negate all the evidence that supports your view.
Finally my dad is impressed when he sees me watching this before exam😅😅
8:30 made me laugh so hard. it's not real bro
People with nothing in common?? We are all slaves to 'life', we all do life's bidding in every action, every step, and every breath... Nothing in common??
I didnt fall for the trap, I instantly knew that the non creme group had less people, so I knew it was around half the amount of the creme goup, (I did the math and the creme group is around 2.32 larger than the non creme group), so what I did was divide the creme group by 2.32 and got (223/2.32 = ~96) and (75/2.32 = ~32) and comparing the numbers, Cream group 96 < 107 non creme group. The creme group did worse. The creme group 32 > 21 non creme group, so the creme group had more worse people than the non creme group. So the creme did worse.
‘Smarter’…. But can’t think proportionally.   Right.
Thanks for the CIA briefing
This is a not a good faith representation of facts. This is mathematicians doing what mathematicians do, using complex mathematical equations to manipulate data to achieve their desired outcome.   With a little creative math and a question worded just right to coerce the subjects to answer the way you want, you can achieve any outcome you want.
It really is tough to see the light at the end of the tunnel sometimes. People like Derrick really gives me enthusiasm and hope for our future. I believe we will figure this out. Humans are amazing. This partisan division is a new thing on the grand scale of human civilization
0:08 "The *smarter* u are" ...  "So i asked my *American* friend*
Well in the test you are actually not showing them the proven data. Problem is, in this state, how do you prove something like this is really correct data? I think ppl can change their views, but they have to believe that data shown are 100% correct and that is almost impossible at these times.
So smarter people don't do worse. Unless you're lowering the bar of what's considered smart so the majority don't feel retarded when getting it wrong.
I was raised in a cult and completly blind to rational thinking
Why so serious.. brother..
The data shown in this video seems based purely on Americans while I don't really hear that being nuanced (and my lazy ass isn't going to fully check the source). Is this another American aimed video without it being explicitly said or am I misinterpreting the data?
we need more independent voters.
Only Veritasium could make a political video that increases my faith in humanity
"What's the rash? And what's the cream you're givin me?" That is a lady firmly planted in the real world. No nonsense
Bruh... I was so scared with those questions thinking "how are my obviously correct answers wrong ??" Then you revealed they were right... You also showed graphs that clearly showed that more numerate people (above a numeracy score of like ~6) were more likely to get the right answer (there is a clear upward trend on the graph) all while saying the opposite...
"On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse"  Answering it incorrectly: I might not be as smart as I think. 😬 Answering it correctly: I might not be as smart as I think. 🫠
As always it goes to tribalism, making a totem and then praising it, or making a totem of opposite party and hating it
How would the time allowed to come up with an answer change the results ?
A politics video? INSIDE MY MATH VIDEO?
I got it right! I'm stupid...
Imo this study mostly shows that Americans are pretty dumb and for them politics is only a 1 in 2 choice, which is completely wrong.
Crime improved means crime increase and crime worse means less crime?
One of the best videos on this channel. Veritasium being the good guy here.
we are so fucked
My initial response (for either question) would be about where the data comes from, and as it's totally made up, it doesn't really matter.
More political parties . Let the. Coalition
See derek at 4:18 WOW!!!!! Amazing 😁😁😂😂
Knowing the right answer won’t stop you from picking the answer that justifies your beliefs…
I immediately just thought: ~100 vs ~200, ~25 vs ~75, or a 2x and 3x difference, so I got it correct. I guess I'm an idiot... thanks.
Having watched a minute of the video, I'm pretty sure the skin cream question is supposed to catch you out because it's worded "did the skin cream make the rash better or worse" not "which treatment plan was better for the rash."  I think "intelligent" (I'm assuming, High IQ) people get this wrong more because IQ only measures your ability to recognise certain types of patterns, and those pattern questions are formulated in familiar ways. Once the question formulation is different, the higher IQ people try to answer the question *as though it was formulated in the way these misleading type questions normally are, looking for how the obvious answer must be wrong*, except they've missed the actual misdirection in the question itself, by focusing on the numbers.  Let's see if I'm right lmao  I wasn't right
10:21 What we could get done will almost certainly affect capital earnings so of course we'll stay divided.
Good video
there's always someone who beats out every damn research and comes out truly exceptional, I hope you are the one  because I'm one too
Im non-american, yet I enjoyed the idea 😊
I got it right just by looking at it...  They should have asked these questions to peoples like me before concluding any findings....
I am going to ask you a question, and I am going to predict the answer you will have pop in your mind at first, and predict that will be a wrong answer. This works on most people and you can try if for yourself on others to see too, its an interesting conversation starter.  A bat and a ball together cost 1.10, the bat costs 1.00 more then the ball, how much did the ball cost?    You might have an answer of ten cents flash in your head right away with bias inaccurate fast mind but if you check that answer with your slow but more accurate conscious awareness, you can see that answer is wrong but it takes effort to do.   The answer of ten cents is not the right answer but most people have that pop in their head because of the fast thinking mind that we rely on most of the time.    The fast unconscious mind is taking everything in and trying to make sense of it really fast.  Its 11 million bits a second.  But sometimes it makes mistakes.  The slow conscious mind is 40-50 bits and lazy but it can check things and bringing the unconscious mistake to conscious awareness it can correct it.     The next thing to understand is about carl jung and the 4 ways the unconscious complex he called shadow deals with reality.  The shadow is an unconscious complex that is defined as the repressed and suppressed aspects of the conscious self. there are constructive and destructive types of shadow. Carl jung emphasized the importance of being aware of shadow material and incorporating it into conscious awareness lest one project these attributes onto others. The human being deals with the reality of shadow in 4 ways.  Denial, projection, integration and/or transmutation.     Now I believe what is happening when a question that exposes a conflict in a belief, idea, something that someone said, or even about someone they idolize and the question gets avoided, that is the fast unconscious mind going into denial and the response is often a projection.  This also can trigger and emotional response activating the amygdala more and the pre frontal cortex less where rational conscious thought is said to happen and the amygdala starts to get the body to flood itself with chemicals/hormones.    Its like the fast mind knows conscious awareness will say its wrong. so it blocks it off to defend itself from admitting its wrong.  in cases of denial and because it blocked off the rational mind, the responses are often irrational.  Like personal attacks do not address the issue or answer the question.  I think we can agree people have a very hard time now days admitting when they are wrong, I am not exempt from this myself I do realize. And we can see how badly questions avoidance effects us if you watch political meetings and watch them avoid questions all day long.    Ok, so the first thing to go over is denial as that is the main one I expose with questions.  A disowning or refusal to acknowledge something I think is a good definition for it here.  There is a really good 2 minute video I use as an example of this.  A streamer named vegan gains claiming lobsters have brains after some one said he can eat lobsters because they do not have brains.  He googles it and starts to read what it says.  When he gets to the part where is says neither insects nor lobsters have brains, he skips it and says they literally are insects then skips over that line and continues to read the rest.  Just like in the fast thinking video, his fast mind already read that line and refused to acknowledge it in unconscious denial, and just skipped it.     The person then tells him he skipped it and he reads it again and sees the line this time.  Still being defensive of his claim and refusing to accept he was wrong, he tried to discredit the source and its the lobster institute of maine.  If you would like to see the video for yourself its 2 minutes by destiny clips and the video is  called " Destiny Reacts To Vegan Gains Ignoring Search Result That Contradicts Him".   Justin turdo avoiding the question of how much his family was paid by the we charity 6 times in a row I think is denial as well. I think jordan peterson not being able to answer his own question of does he believe god exists and asking what do and you mean then saying no one knows what any of those words mean while being seemingly angry is think is another really good example of denial... and projection.  And while JP find those words difficult, other people understand them easy.  Even he does pretty much any other time they are used.    So projection is next up. Psychological projection is a defense mechanism people subconsciously employ in order to cope with difficult feelings or emotions. Psychological projection involves projecting undesirable feelings or emotions onto someone else, rather than admitting to or dealing with the unwanted feelings. Many times a mind in denial will use projections for responses.  Someone getting mad and telling the other person to not interrupt when they have been doing that a lot themselves would be an example. I have done this myself. The people who tell me I dont understand my own questions and my point is wrong when they do not even know what the point is are all examples as well.  I ask them to steel man my position to show then understand my point and they just avoid that question as well clearly showing they do not understand my point.    Now we have integration and/or transmutation.   Integration is when you bring an unconscious behavior into conscious awareness and accept it.  I know that I interrupt people talking sometimes even though I think that is wrong to do.  I have a conscious awareness of it, but I have not been able to completely change the behavior.... yet.  That is where transmutation comes in. Transmutation is to completely change that unconscious behavior.  From being impatient to being patient, of from distrust to trust,  hate into understanding and love even.     So was this understandable or confusing?    if you understand it, do you think its possibly true?  Do you have any questions?    If you have any tips I am would gladly listen.
The first question i get in mind after seeing that chart is that  Why are the numbers in top row (223+75) not equal to (107+21) To judge more easily the test should be conducted on equal number of people.  𝘈𝘭𝘵𝘩𝘰𝘶𝘨𝘩 𝘢𝘴 𝘩𝘦 𝘦𝘹𝘱𝘭𝘢𝘪𝘯𝘦𝘥 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘹5 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦𝘴 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘹3 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦𝘴 𝘪𝘴 𝘸𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘤𝘢𝘭𝘤𝘶𝘭𝘢𝘵𝘦 𝘪𝘧 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘴𝘶𝘮 𝘰𝘧 2 𝘳𝘰𝘸𝘴 𝘢𝘳𝘦𝘯𝘵 𝘦𝘲𝘶𝘢𝘭.
omg you made a non partisan political video 1 day away from election day.... congrats! seems like many non political youtubers struggle with this challenge
wo
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
So if you don't belong to a tribe, there is no pressure to conform.  Finally, some empirical evidence to show that me having no friends is a good thing -_-
We have more in common than we want to accept. Our friends and neighbors are on the other side. Go out and vote✌️
34k views in 13 min is crazy
Im happy you published this before the new president was chosen
I've said it before and I'll say it again; If you have strong political or ideological opinions then you are either uninformed or mentally ill, sane people drift to the middle proportionately to their education on any given topic.
I think the polarization of politics on the us is becoming too much, I feel like there’s some mathematical way to make democracy less polarized but idk how
If you get the question right. You are above smart and if you get the question wrong you are just Smart.
Interesting timing for this video to drop
4 views to 32000 while watching
God loves you and cares for you so that this message reaches you. God is the one who created this large universe and controls it completely. The greatest loss a person loses in this life is that he lives without knowing God who created him and knowing the Messenger of Muhammad, the last of the messengers, and the Islamic religion, the last of the heavenly religions.  Great intelligence, before you believe in something or not, is to read it, study it, and understand it well, and after that you have the choice to believe in it or not to believe in it. I advise you to do this now, before you no longer have time to do so. Life is very short. It is just a test, just a passage to eternal life. Great advice to those who...  Understands
This study should have been repeated with people who understand statistics, it may have produced a very different result, at least for the cream example. There is this problem about conflation of education with intelligence and I would dare to claim that what was measured was the correlation between education and getting a wrong answer on a statistical question.
4:24 is where I noped out of this one for the next month or so.
i love the idea of smarter people doing worse at some questions just because of high intelligence
Gunfirmation bias
[1:25] "if you... use proportional reasoning." That's not necessary.  A simple size comparison also works.  The rashes worsened three times more often by using the cream.  That's all you need care about, because rashes usually get better on their own.
so it's not "smarter people do worse" it's "people try to use their outside background knowledge to answer questions rather than just looking at the information presented in the question itself" but i guess that's too wordy for clickbait
What?!? People bring their bias to everything? They also bring their ability to get paid to it as well. you left out that the fbi raised the number on the report a week later that showed a 3.5% increase in crime. Your own bias is showing now.
My numeracy score is insanely high so I will dislike this video
the thesis here is about "political ideology vs intelligence" but if you open things up - skin rashes getting better or worse is essentially of no moral value whatsoever relative to gun crime vs gun control. the context of the question actually does matter here. you can't reduce gun crime and gun control to a pat, arbitrary table
5+ inch team ------------------ >
POLITICS JUMPSCARE
I mean its less of a math question and more a question where data is seemingly incomplete and leaves a lot of room for interpretation based on ideology and personal beliefs.
I'd love to see a video about quantom physics
Still waiting for hilbert hotel part 2 where he talks about how mobile phones were created due to the study of different infinities.
POV: You didn't get the question even after the explanation  👁👄👁
As important as the Game Theory video
Now I don't know if I need to self identify as a smart person or a dumbfuck.
So if I answer these wrong on purpose, am I smart or am I dumb?
Where is Joe Biden?
2 videos in 2 weeks?? Damn we're eating good🙇🙇
The biggest problem , is statistics can be easily manipulated, even double blind studies using secretive selection biased. Statistics data can be easily modified to support expected outcomes without even the tests designed to detect the same detecting it.. how do i know? I did it for my post graduation project and not even my extremely qualified professor could detect it... This is why most researches are worthless spknsored propaganda of the companies sponsoring the study.. I think you should do a video on how easy it is to manipulate statistics to get favorable outcomes...
Smarter people don’t do worse, they do relatively worse than when the question is non political. They still do objectively better.
Finally a test that I can nail it
Rash improve means rash becomes worse? And rash becomes worse means it improved? Think about the wordings ....
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
Question 1: Theres basically no improvement. The relationship between the two numbers is about 30%. (After watching your answer. Well. My results where 25% and 33% and i saw them as basically equals, not as 2x and 5x.)  Now i dont know if im smart or not.  Maybe im just sigma(?
I was comparing ~200 improvements with cream vs ~100 improvements without cream is 100% better with cream but 75 worse with cream vs only 21 worse with cream means 200% worsening with cream resulting in cream is worse. But the explanation of the video comparing them the other way around is even more obvious while both get to the same result. Need to watch the rest of the video now to find out if and why I might be stupid :D. But I guess the fact that the title of the video made me look closer probably influenced how detailed I would look into it instead of when this would have a different title I would have come to a wrong conclusion more quickly than the extra couple of seconds it took me to find out the true answer.  Edit: aaah it's rather about politic believes later lol
you say Smarter People but then you go and ask americans. youre tainting your study from the getgo, buddy.
Smart people need to watch this video and learn that there is a disadvantage of being smart
Well study you followed sucked ... Trash data in trash data out. Just show proportional data ...
So it's that people don't understand proportions and are unwilling to entertain conditional hypotheticals that don't align with their world view.  As an aside, I personally just scrutinize the hell out of the methodology in the studies regardless of what it says, as that's usually where studies fail if they do. Though I also check the data as well to make sure the given conclusion is in line with everything. In essence, I outright ignore the conclusion when going into it, and get invested in the process, so that regardless of whether or not I agree with the methodology and/or the conclusion, I can still follow it and criticize specific problems if I have any.  Though this does require a level of scientific and statistical literacy that you have to learn first, which can be difficult, but I think it's worth it.
Pro Skub
Aced every question.. wait..
This video is well-timed
eve of the election is some timing
I'm very smart and I got the cream question correct now I fear that I'm not as smart as I think I am
first question. i dont really think this should be a proportional analysis.  in total, more people profited from using the cream. 116 more improved their rash, and only 54 worsened. so in total we are still having 62 people more who profited.   also, how would beeing dumb profit you in that test? dumb people would only look at the biggest number right?  im assuming the amount of people in each group was the same, otherwise it would have been a flawed study. the people that dont show up in the table just didnt notice any change in their condition.  also, this seems just to be a study on confirmation bias....
This is extreely amazing, because you see exactely at which point people are intelligent enough to see the reasning behind the question. :D
The plot changed very drastically
I was just hoping to the last second that this wouldn't be a political video till 4:19
People tend to make decisions based on personal biases before looking at the data…  How is this new?
This is like a live conversation since no one done watching the video yet
As social creatures, it is easy to become misled by those around us for sure. Logical thinking is so hard to come by now, but these videos definitely help in spreading the word.
Using your prior knowledge to inform your interpretation of the new data is Bayesian!
haven't finished the video so I'm curious if this is why I got the question "wrong": in that first example you only said they counted when the rash was "better" or "worse", but so I had assumed there were the same number of people in both groups, and that the difference in numbers were due to not counting the "no change" people. So the creme increases your chances of getting better AND increases your chances of getting worse, only decreasing the chances of no change.
I was trying to get my mind off politics 😭😭 lol I'll finish watching later
The average thanksgiving dining table discussion: 4:17
14 mins....now that is a good YouTube video. 40 mins......that feels more like being at school lol. Don't get me wrong it's cool and all....but I much rather prefer these shorter ones to the long lengthy ones for sure.
Congratulations to everyone who got it right...  I'll let you decide if this is good or bad
Hmmmm... I got the answers right, so I don't know if I'm smart or not 🙃
Great. Its dinner time 🎉🎉
Mil Rouge
So its what us outsode the crapstorm have been saying for decades: politicians work for tge ruling class to specifically divide us and conquer us. The greatest threat isnt what those in power claim, but those actually pulling the strings to make things worse so they can profit further
Is a "better" rash more of a rash?
That lady saying she needed to know what the type of rash and skin cream was really was above everyone
Veritasuim has been on fire with these uploads latley
Vote Harris - That's the message here
If this is a clue, my leg is significantly better.  The simple fact, I don’t have to wear any dressings, when I was struggling to Just pay for them to cover and heal my leg means everything!
Nice vid as always Veritasium
In a study is there a general amount of people that are chosen
In 7 mins
Guess im dumb then. I understood it pretty much instantly.
Im really smart i got all of them right🙏
Bro is the Einstein of the modern era 😂
I thought from the rash's perspective, as an improvement would mean a larger rash.   Which group am I in? 🤷   edit typo
Maths?
I answered them all incorrect deliberately 😅
Veritasium cooking with these videos lately 🔥
„Nationale diverse group of Americans“ so 100% idiots then?
I am from future   D. Trump won the election against Kamala and ends the Ukraine - Russia war within 24 hours as he promised 😂
My first thought from the initial study "This isn't double blind, so it's not the greatest test" followed by "the bottom group shows that untreated some get better and some get worse, but nearly 4x as many people got worse as better"
Here just 5 minutes after upload 👀
What i think clicking on this video: "I bet im gonna do bad at these questions because im smart"
I’m gonna guess NO, the average % is larger on the no treatment
10 minutes gang...
The cream study example is a bad argument. It definitely shows the cream improved the results for more people. Assuming same group size it means more people got better. Sure more people got worse, so it is high risk but high reward. But sometimes risking it to get significant improvement over stagnation can be beneficial. I don't see it as so clear cut it is presented.  When the numbers are reversed, it shows on the opposite that the cream is worsening the symptoms for dramatically higher percentage of participants. Still it is high risk high reward, but to the degree where it is hard to see that anyone would be willing to take the risk.
His point is that it should never be up to you 🤓
You're great
This is the stuff our public schools don't teach. Trump said he loves the uneducated - easier to control
Bro, I'm smart. Why the f I'm getting these right!
very similar to the covid mrna vaccine
10:40 do nothing.
Well-timed content 😁
U of A 🐻⬇️
I answered is right means i am dumb
The smarter you are, the more likely you are to get it wrong. I’m going to do great.
I love veritasium videos.
Smart ppl problems 😂
nah its very clear to anyone smart its not the top answer??
4 minutes ago is arousing
Asked a friend to ask, too known himself??
Thanks for making my week special Derek❤ Love everything about your channel
The question is if I should be proud of answering the questions correct or not 😂
Wheres the part 2 of Lagrangian mechanics
I got everything wrong. Does that make me smart or dumb?
hgmiufk
4 minutes after upload let's gooo
I'm gonna do great
Hello
3 min new record for me
me: nice i got it right....WAIT
I was wrong
completely absolutely off topic. if somehow. somewhen. you decide to ride into the sunset and leave the channel to focus on family or whatever. and leave somebody as your replacement. (cause i see the signs, maybe im just paranoid). let us know in advance so we can mourn. do it slowly, and change the name of the channel or create a new one. Veritasium is Derek and Derek is Veritasium.
I got everything right. Does that make me smart or dumb?
1:30 I think it's just percentage problem. People who got it wrong are imo bad at calculating percentage.
I have to admit I did really bad on these questions.
no, EVERYONE DOES WORSE
Finaly a question i can answer well
So if i answer right means I'm dumb
got it right, does that mean i am dumb?
Ah! Title is promising to explain away all my shortcomings 🤪
2 min😊
3 mins gang LMAOO
Yes I commented before watching video
"Hey Veritasium, Derek here!" "Where is the Physics video part 2?"
Why are there a lot of bots commenting here @veritasium
So I'm stupid because I answered the question correctly? Great, thanks
Damn I got the answer wrong
Intelligence is but one factor in being your ability to find the right answers. You also need to be humble, curious, and open-minded. Attitudes lead a lot of smart people to the wrong answers.
FIRST (not)
Dang, i got under 2 mins
Under a minute viewer!
Only 1000 views in 1 minute?? Bro fell off 💀💀💀💀💀
2 Videos in a week , my stomach is going to explode from this much.
Eyyy, 1 min gang!
I get all questions wrong, no matter what it is
Aeyooooooo bro
Damnn... 2 Videos in a week, they are working hard..
Damn, 2 Veritasium videos in a week.
And this is why Leon Edwards has the most aesthetic physique
Iii
2 videos in a week! Now I have enough in my subscription feed to watch and chill during leisure😎.
Face reveal when?
Grateful for people like Derek who produce quality educational content while expecting pretty much nothing in return!
I actually like the regular uploads --------------->
Whoa 1 minutes ago
Just at the gym with nothing to listen to ( I just listen to podcasts and what not) when suddenly the universe responded 'ping... New video from veritasium'
Me after getting 0%: so you're telling me there's a chance 😭😂🧘🏽‍♂️ ... I'm a genius?
"See mom? I scored bad on that test cuz im too smart for it."
W video
Hey vsause Michael here
too early to have an opinion
Watching vertisasiam is the only time where I actually have fun learning
i guess im einstein then
FIRSTTSSD
Wow,veritasium is on a roll and I'm all for it❤
Veritasium is my Favourite channel ❤❤
Nice
Hello there
There's 3 reasons dumb like me.  1 - ignorance is bliss 2 - I don't have to do math on a daily basis.
Hello smart people ❤
Hello
4 views in 29 seconds? Veritasium fell off
I've never been this early to one of veritasium videos
Glad I hit the bell. Notifications are doing a way better job of showing me new videos than the algorithm was 😂
I want to ask some questions, how can I contact you?
Name a woman
German stare + balkan rage
4 + videos in 4 weeks dammm......
why hello
Bro's entire fan base is going to fail lol
6 days later another video! Crazy
So i wanna tell you i am doing physics major bcz of you thank you so muchhhh. You are my ideal my hero and my mentor.
for every like i will inhale and exhale
Nowadays most of the calculus students struggle with basic arithmetics
❤
“I asked my American friend” I was fully expecting a dumb American joke lol
Really interesting one...
Wow! Uploaded 37 Seconds ago, I was never so early
Hi from the past!
hallo wie gehts
That's easy, it's obviously an American test.
29 seconds ago is insane
Telling my professor this is why I failed the test
MANGO MANGO MANGO 🥭
I mean fourth
Babe wake up, new veritasium dropped
Yooo bro is on a frenzy and i am all for it
Damn, we are eating well. 2 videos this week! 🎉🎉
Yes
First
Right on time
24 seconds ago
There are mistakes that only smart people can make.
Hey pls make more astro physics videos...plsssss😢😢
nice
skibidi toilet questions
Thanks for another video !!
First to comment🎉
10s ago is crazy
hi
First, give me the heart ❤
Bumbaclat
10 second upload watcher speedrun team --------->
yooooo
Heyy
Yea
Ninth!
Here within 11 secs!!
cool!
First
Hey Vsauce Micheal here!
First comment
.
First🎉
Hmmm 😑😞
Yes!
12 seconds damn..
First ❤
.
Ok
Hi
RAHH SO QUICK
Hi
hello
Today's Fact: The 'Wow! Signal' received in 1977 by Ohio State University's Big Ear radio telescope is still considered one of the most compelling signs of extraterrestrial life, and has never been explained.
Get all sides of every story at https://groundnews.com/Ve and read the news with a data-driven approach. Subscribe through my link for 50% off unlimited access –their biggest discount of the year.
